<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1835972_0001140361-23-015404.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6426483</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>454974</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1045911</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1756559</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1644263</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1265039</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-015404.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331164813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-015404
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Arrowroot Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001835972
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40129
		FILM NUMBER:		23788713

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32 INTERVALE ROAD
		CITY:			WESTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02493
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 566-5966

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32 INTERVALE ROAD
		CITY:			WESTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02493

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-015404.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 brhc10049542_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(Commission File Number)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

) 

(Issuer s telephone number)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class:

Trading

 Symbol

Name of Each Exchange

 on Which Registered:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
 required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
 shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated
 filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
 Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.
 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period
 pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) . 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the Class A common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported
 on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, was approximately .

As of March 30, 2023, there were Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value and Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

PART I 

4

Item 1. Business 

4 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

20 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

52

Item 2. Properties 

52

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

52

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

52

PART II 

53

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

53

Item 6. [Reserved] 

54

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

54

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

58

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

58

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

58

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

59

Item 9B. Other Information 

60

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

60

PART III 

61

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

61

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

68

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

69

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

70

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

73

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

73

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

75

i 

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS

Unless otherwise stated in this Report, references to:

amended and restated certificate of incorporation are to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation that the company adopted in connection with the consummation of our initial public offering as further amended pursuant to
 the vote of our stockholders at the special meeting on February 28, 2023;

DGCL refers to the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same may be amended from time to time 

founder shares are to shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic
 conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination;

initial public offering units are to our initial public offering units, consisting of one Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant;

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors;

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock;

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any;

public shares are to our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market);

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team, to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each
 member of our management team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares;

sponsor are to Arrowroot Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;

trust account is to the trust account located in the United States in which, following the completion of our initial public offering, an amount of 287,500,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public
 offering and the sale of the private placement warrants was placed; and

we, us, our, company, our company, Company or our Company are to Arrowroot Acquisition Corp., a Delaware Corporation.

1 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY

This annual report on Form 10-K (this Report ), including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
 includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). These
 forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or
 should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no
 assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
 results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our
 control) or other factors:

we have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective;

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our ability to complete our initial business combination, including any potential business combination with the Potential Target (as defined below) ;

our expectations around the performance of the Potential Target s business or businesses

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;

the lack of a market for our public securities;

the possibility that Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses;

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic;

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

2 

Table of Contents 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as described below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties;

our financial performance; or

the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no
 assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
 results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Report
 entitled Risk Factors. 

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
 forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

3 

Table of Contents 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business

Summary

General

We are a blank check company incorporated in 2020 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
 similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. We have generated no operating revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues
 until we consummate our initial business combination. We are a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. To date, our efforts have been limited to
 organizational activities and activities related to our initial public offering as well as the search for a prospective business combination target.

On March 4, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering (the initial public offering of 28,750,000 Units (the IPO Units ), including 3,750,000 units as a result of the
 underwriter s full exercise of their over-allotment option at an offering price of 10.00 per unit (the Overallotment Units and together with the IPO Units, the Units and a private placement with our sponsor, Arrowroot Acquisition LLC, of
 8,250,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (the Private Placement ). The net proceeds from our Units together with certain of the proceeds from the Private Placement, 287,500,000 in the aggregate, were placed in a
 trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders and the underwriter of the initial public offering with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee.

On February 28, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Extension Meeting to vote to extend the date Termination Date by which it must
 either (a) consummate and initial business combination, or (b) (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up if the Company fails to complete such initial business combination and (ii) redeem all of the shares of the Company s
 common stock, included as part of the initial public offering units, from March 4, 2023 (the Original Termination Date to July 6, 2023 (the Charter Extension Date and to allow the Company, without another stockholder vote, to elect to
 extend the Termination Date to consummate an initial business combination on a monthly basis for up to seven times by an additional one month each time after the Charter Extension Date, by resolution of the Company s board of directors if
 requested by the sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable Termination Date, until February 4, 2024 (each, an Additional Charter Extension Date or a total of up to eleven months after the Original Termination Date,
 unless the closing of an initial business combination shall have occurred prior thereto (the Extension , such extension deadline, the Extension Date , and such proposal, the Extension Proposal ). The Extension proposal was approved by the
 stockholders.

Also, in connection with the approval by the Company s stockholders of the Extension Date at the Extension Meeting, on March 6, 2023, the Company s sponsor (or one
 or more of its affiliates, members or third-party designees) (together, the Lender made a 1,760,000 deposit into the trust account in exchange for an unsecured promissory note that matures upon the Company closing its initial business
 combination. If the Company completes an initial business combination, the Company will, at the option of the Lender, repay the amounts loaned under the promissory note or convert a portion or all of the amounts loaned under such promissory
 note into warrants, which warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants issued in connection with the Company s initial public offering.

As a result of the approval by the Company s stockholders of the Extension Proposal, public stockholders holding 24,304,187 shares of Class A
 common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregated redemption amount of approximately 247,259,068. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust account was approximately 45,229,556.

Potential Target Business Combination

We have signed a non-binding letter of intent with a leading company in learning automation and information intelligence (the Potential Target ). We believe that the Potential Target is a leader
 in learning automation and information intelligence and is one of the fastest growing artificial intelligence companies in North America. We believe that Potential Target s cloud-based platform is being deployed globally into some of the most
 demanding vertical markets including healthcare, education, insurance, retail, oil gas/energy, manufacturing and the government. We currently anticipate that the pre-money enterprise value ascribed to the Potential Target for purposes of
 the proposed business combination (which is inclusive of all outstanding options, warrants and other existing rights to acquire equity of the Potential Target) will be 1,285,000,000. As of the date of this Report, we have not signed a business
 combination agreement, or similar definitive binding agreement, with the Potential Target. Any business combination with the Potential Target would be subject to a minimum cash condition and other customary closing conditions.

4 

Table of Contents 

Our Sponsor 

Our sponsor, Arrowroot Acquisition LLC, is a Delaware limited liability company formed by Arrowroot Capital Management, LLC Arrowroot Capital and our management team. Our sponsor is managed
 by entrepreneurs, seasoned operators and technology-oriented investors with a shared vision of identifying and investing in innovative and agile technology and technology-enabled businesses, primarily in the enterprise software sector, that are
 public company-ready and focused on accessing liquidity through the capital markets. We believe that our management team s relationships with founders of leading technology companies, executives of private and public companies, fund managers at
 top venture capital and growth equity funds, and investment bankers, in addition to the extensive industry and geographical reach of our partners networks, provides us a competitive advantage in pursuing a broad range of opportunities. Our
 management team believes that its ability to identify and implement value creation initiatives will remain central to its differentiated acquisition strategy.

Business Strategy

Our acquisition and value creation strategy is to identify, acquire and build a company that complements the experience of our executive team, and can benefit from its strategic and operational
 expertise. After our initial business combination, we envision our strategy may include additional mergers and acquisitions and the application of new technologies and/or other operational improvements with a focus on generating attractive
 long-term risk adjusted returns for our stockholders. We will leverage our deep experience and broad network and focus on potential investments where we believe a combination of our relationships, knowledge and experience could catalyze a
 positive transformation or augmentation of existing businesses to enhance their overall value.

We plan to continue to utilize the network and industry experience of our executive team, as well as our affiliation with Arrowroot Capital, in seeking an initial business combination and
 implementing our acquisition strategy. Arrowroot Capital has an exceptional sourcing team with a proprietary data base of 15,000+ software companies and the team evaluates 2,000+ new opportunities annually. Additionally, over the course of their
 careers, the members of our executive team and their affiliates have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe will serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities and competitive strength. This
 network has been developed through our executive team s:

extensive experience in sourcing, structuring, acquiring, operating, integrating, developing, growing, financing and selling businesses;

experience managing mergers and acquisitions for technology companies, including portfolio companies of leading venture capital and financial sponsor firms;

significant experience in both investing in and operating companies across the technology sector, with particular expertise focusing on business-to-business software companies implementing Software-as-a-Service SaaS:) business
 models, setting and changing strategies, optimizing SaaS metrics and other best-in-class business tactics, and identifying, monitoring and recruiting world-class talent;

deep relationships with sellers, financing providers and target management teams; and

experience negotiating transactions favorable to investors.

We expect these global networks will provide our executive team with a robust flow of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our
 attention from various unaffiliated sources, which may include investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Since the completion of our initial
 public offering, members of our executive team and advisors have been communicating with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company and a potential initial business combination, and begin the
 disciplined process of pursuing and reviewing potentially interesting leads.

5 

Table of Contents 

Investment Criteria

While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry, we intend to focus on target companies in an industry that complements our executive team, board, and sponsor s
 expertise and that will benefit from our strategic and operational value add. In particular, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our executive team to identify and acquire a business focusing on the enterprise software sector.

We are focused on identifying companies that are ready to be and would benefit from becoming a publicly traded entity. Allowing these private companies to access the public markets without
 requiring a traditional initial public offering creates a compelling alternative for these businesses to gain liquidity, diversify funding sources and benefit from public market exposure. The introduction of a special purpose acquisition company
 allows for a familiar process to drive transformation into a public company through a structured negotiation with a trusted party appropriately incorporating the context for such companies.

We have developed the following high level, non-exclusive investment criteria that we will use to screen for and evaluate target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in
 evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines.

Compelling growth prospects. We view growth as an important driver of value and will seek companies whose growth potential can generate meaningful upside.

Large and growing markets. We will focus on investments in rapidly growing companies in industry segments that we believe demonstrate attractive long-term growth prospects and reasonable overall
 size or potential.

Businesses with attractive unit economics and high operating leverage . We will seek to invest in companies that we believe possess not only established business models and sustainable competitive
 advantages, but also inherently attractive unit economics and other relevant SaaS operating metrics.

Strong management teams. We will spend significant time assessing a company s leadership and personnel and evaluating what we can do to augment and/or upgrade the team over time if needed.

Opportunity for operational improvements. We will seek to identify businesses that are capital efficient and would benefit from our ability to drive improvements in the company s processes,
 go-to-market strategy, product or service offering, sales and marketing efforts, geographical presence and/or leadership team.

Differentiated products or services. We will evaluate metrics such as recurring revenues, product life cycle, cohort consistency, pricing per product or customer, cross-sell success and churn
 rates to focus on businesses whose products or services are differentiated or where we see an opportunity to create value by implementing best practices.

Limited technology risk. We will seek to invest in companies that have established market-tested product or service offerings.

Appropriate valuations. We will seek to be a disciplined and valuation-centric investor that will invest on terms that we believe provide significant upside potential with limited downside risk.

These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these
 general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above
 criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy
 solicitation materials, as applicable, that we would file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).

6 

Table of Contents 

Our Acquisition Process

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
 document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational, strategy and capital allocation experience, and leverage our relationship
 with Arrowroot Capital.

Most of the members of our executive team and our most of our non-employee directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly, may have a
 conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with
 respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to other entities or to clients of affiliates of
 our sponsor pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Certain of the members of our management team are officers and directors of Arrowroot Capital. Our Chief Executive
 Officer is a controlling stockholder of Arrowroot Capital. Arrowroot Capital is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination. Most of our officers and
 directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to other entities or other affiliates of our sponsor pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to
 present a business combination opportunity.

Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary, contractual or
 other obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to present such opportunity to such entity and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity and he or she determines to present the
 opportunity to us (including as described above). These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. However, we do not believe that the fiduciary
 duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.

In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with, or which there is a fiduciary, contractual or other obligation by, our sponsor, officers
 or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or an independent accounting firm that the
 consideration to be paid by us in the initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Any such entity affiliated with, or which there is a fiduciary, contractual or other obligation by, our sponsor, officers or
 directors, may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity.

Our executive officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various
 business activities. However, we do not expect either potential conflicts of interest or the time taken by our executive team s other duties to present a significant constraint in our ability to identify, diligence and execute potential business
 combinations.

Our officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such
 companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates and the director and officer teams. However, we do not expect that any such other blank
 check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.

7 

Table of Contents 

Initial Business Combination

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding
 the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the
 determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an
 independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent
 determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the
 value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors.

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or
 assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet
 certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the
 target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended Investment Company Act ). Even if the
 post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations
 ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case,
 we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our
 outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or
 businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80 of net assets test described above. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on
 the aggregate value of all of the target businesses.

We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust
 account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination.
 There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any
 additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise.

Financial Position

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 290,737,917 (including 3,945,497 of interest) held in the trust account and available for a business combination (assuming no redemptions). After
 consideration of 10,062,500 of deferred underwriting fees payable upon consummation of a business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential
 growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its consolidated balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. On February 28, 2023, we held the Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our a mended and
 restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 24,304,187 shares of Class A common stock of the
 Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 247,259,068. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust account was approximately 45,229,556. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination
 that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.

8 

Table of Contents 

Lack of Business Diversification

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike
 other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a
 single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
 assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of
 our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our
 initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our
 affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will
 remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.

Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to
 recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, we
 will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons.

Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for
 each such transaction.

Type of Transaction

Whether Stockholder 

 Approval Is Required

Purchase of assets

No

Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company

No

Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company

No

Merger of the company with a target

Yes

9 

Table of Contents 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example:

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding;

any of our officers, directors or substantial security holders (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise, and the present or
 potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in issued and outstanding common stock or voting power of 1 or more (or 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because such person is a
 substantial security holder); or

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control.

Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to of Our Securities

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our
 initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules.
 However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or
 public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases
 are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act.

In the event that our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have
 already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote
 against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the
 going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules.

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the
 business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such
 requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in
 connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
 which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

10 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their
 affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders (in the case of Class A common stock) following our mailing of tender offer
 or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling
 stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our
 initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the stockholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors or any of their affiliates will select which
 stockholders to purchase shares from based on a negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other
 federal securities laws. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates are restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such
 purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a
 per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in
 the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who
 properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter of our initial public offering. Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter
 agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.

Limitations on Redemptions

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001.
 In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the
 retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash
 conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business
 combination, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness
 in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements.

Manner of Conducting Redemptions

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection
 with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination
 or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under
 applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more
 than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with
 Nasdaq s stockholder approval rules.

11 

Table of Contents 

If we hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to
 Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholder with the
 redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.

If we seek stockholder approval, unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the
 outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company
 representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor,
 officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares they hold and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business
 combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, as of March
 30, 2023, we would not need any of the public shares sold in connection with our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding
 shares are voted). These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public
 shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction.

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will:

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination, which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is
 required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange
 Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of
 public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to
 purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.

12 

Table of Contents 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in
 accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.

We intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either
 deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy
 materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in
 connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of
 the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are
 requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public
 stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or
 shares delivered by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001.
 In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the
 retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash
 conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business
 combination, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness
 in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements.

Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Stockholder Approval

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13
 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares , without our prior consent. We believe
 this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force
 us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our
 initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our
 stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to
 complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.

However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.

13 

Table of Contents 

Delivering Stock Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights

As described above, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the
 holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set
 forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we
 conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote
 in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will
 indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two business days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy
 materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a stockholder
 fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic
 delivery of their public shares.

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge
 the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require
 holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a
 public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return
 the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business
 combination.

If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their
 shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.

If our proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until the Extension Date.

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we have until the Extension Date to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial
 business combination within such period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay
 dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to
 provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business
 combination within this period.

14 

Table of Contents 

Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
 account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the Extension Date or any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an
 amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, if our initial stockholders, sponsor or management team acquired public shares in or our initial public offering or in the open market afterwards, they will be entitled
 to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period.

Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extension Date or with respect to any other material provisions relating to
 stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
 the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may
 not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net
 tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time.

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining in working capital held
 outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without
 taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account and any tax payments or expenses for the dissolution of the trust, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The
 proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount
 received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as
 applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have
 funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims.

15 

Table of Contents 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do
 business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or
 even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims
 challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such
 claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third
 party s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose
 particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a
 waiver. The underwriter of our initial public offering and our independent registered public accounting firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that
 such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect
 the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered
 into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per
 public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not
 apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our
 indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we
 independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to
 satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such
 event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by
 third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the
 date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
 or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our
 independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any
 particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per share.

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our
 independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust
 account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 145,980
 of proceeds held outside of the trust account (as of December 31, 2022), with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately
 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholder who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however
 such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such stockholder.

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our
 trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extension Date may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law.
 If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be
 brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders
 with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary
 of the dissolution.

16 

Table of Contents 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business
 combination by the Extension Date, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to
 other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the
 case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by the Extension Date, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
 than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which
 interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
 (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and
 liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible
 following the Extension Date and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of
 our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date.

Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all
 existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for
 prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our
 underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us
 waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would
 result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such
 lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be
 liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
 a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
 law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
 return 10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under
 applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of
 directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account
 prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.

17 

Table of Contents 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
 combination by the Extension Date, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination by the Extension Date or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for
 cash upon the completion of our initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial
 business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also
 exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote.

Competition

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered and we anticipate to continue to encounter, intense competition from other
 entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these
 entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
 us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash
 in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may
 not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.

Facilities

Our executive offices are located at 4553 Glencoe Ave, Suite 200, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292. We retain this space from an affiliate of our sponsor. We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of
 20,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Employees

We currently have two executive officers: Matthew Safaii and Thomas Olivier. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as
 much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our
 initial business combination and the stage of our business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information

We have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports
 with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants

18 

Table of Contents 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders to
 assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP or
 international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards
 of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may
 be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target
 business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial
 statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination
 candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.

We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). Only in the
 event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with
 the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to
 complete any such business combination.

We have filed a registration statement on Form 8-A (the Registration Statement with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are
 subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial
 business combination.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
 reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
 approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more
 volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act
 for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take
 advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in
 which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
 including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
 exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30.

19 

Table of Contents 

Legal Proceedings

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such.

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Report,
 before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could
 decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

Summary of Risk Factors

The risk factors summarized below could materially harm our business, operating results and/or financial condition, impair our future prospects and/or cause the price of our common stock to
 decline. These risks are discussed more fully following this summary. Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:

We have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, since we will cease all operations except for the purpose
 of liquidating if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by Extension Date;

Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our
 initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a
 loss.

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination
 with a target.

20 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to
 wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by the Extension Date may give potential target businesses, including the Potential Target, leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the
 time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that
 would produce value for our stockholders.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity
 markets.

We may effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States.

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination, including any potential business combination with the Potential Target, by the Extension Date, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of
 winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders, which
 may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock.

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination

There are no assurances that the extension will enable us to complete an initial business combination.

Even though our amended and restated certificate of incorporation was amended to extend the deadline for the us to complete a Business Combination until the Extension Date,
 we can still provide no assurances that an initial business combination will be consummated prior to such date. Our ability to consummate an initial business combination is dependent on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our
 control. We expect to seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, and we will be required to offer stockholders redemption rights again in connection with any stockholder vote to approve our initial business
 combination. Even if an initial business combination is approved by our stockholders, it is possible that redemptions will leave us with insufficient cash to consummate an initial business combination on commercially acceptable terms, or at
 all. Other than in connection with a redemption offer or liquidation, our stockholders may be unable to recover their investment except through sales of shares of Class A common stock on the open market. The price of shares of Class A common
 stock may be volatile, and there can be no assurance that stockholders will be able to dispose of shares of Class A common stock at favorable prices, or at all.

21 

Table of Contents 

We have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

We are incorporated under the laws of Delaware with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
 objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. While the Company is currently in discussions regarding business combination opportunities and has signed a non-binding letter of intent with the
 Potential Target, we have no current definitive arrangements or definitive understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to
 complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern,
 since we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by the Extension Date.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 145,980 in cash held outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements, and on February 23, 2023, our sponsor issued and funded a non-interest
 bearing 500,000 unsecured promissory note. 

Also, in connection with the approval by the Company s stockholders of the Extension Date at the Extension Meeting, on March 6, 2023, the Lender made a 1,760,000 deposit into the trust account
 in exchange for an unsecured promissory note that matures upon the Company closing its initial business combination. If the Company completes an initial business combination, the Company will, at the option of the Lender, repay the amounts loaned
 under the promissory note or convert a portion or all of the amounts loaned under such promissory note into warrants, which warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants issued in connection with the Company s initial public
 offering. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital are discussed in the section of this Report titled
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise
 substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern.

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
 Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs, obtain approval for an extension of the deadline or complete a Business Combination by the
 Extension Date, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
 continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the Extension Date. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the
 mandatory liquidation date or obtain approval for an extension.

Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.

Information regarding past performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee
 of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective
 affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no past experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies.

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will
 participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.

We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the initial business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock
 exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons. Except as required by law or the rules of Nasdaq, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial
 business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of
 the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business
 combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the initial business combination we complete.

22 

Table of Contents 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors may
 complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to
 affect the investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to
 our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business
 combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote.

As of March 30, 2023, our initial stockholders own approximately 61.78 of our outstanding common stock. Our initial stockholders and
 management team also may from time-to-time purchase Class A common stock prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, if we seek stockholder approval of an initial business
 combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voted at such meeting, including the founder shares. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder
 shares, we would not need any of the currently issued and outstanding public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved.
 Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination we will receive the requisite stockholder
 approval for such initial business combination.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be
 forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in
 connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote
 to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extension Date or with respect to
 any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by the Extension Date, subject
 to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if our plan to redeem our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by the Extension Date is not completed for any reason, compliance with Delaware
 law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond the time
 period provided in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of
 warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Furthermore, to
 mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), following the Extension Meeting, we
 instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in
 the Trust Account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts, which may or may not be interest bearing) until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. See If we are deemed to be an investment company
 for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate. As a result, because the Trust Account was not liquidated prior to the 24-month
 anniversary of our initial public offering, we have converted all funds in the Trust Account to cash, and such funds will cease to earn interest. 

23 

Table of Contents 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
 restrictions.

We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq
 prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum average global market capitalization and a minimum number of holders of our securities.

If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted
 on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A common stock are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the
 secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, as amended, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
 to as covered securities. Our units, Class A common stock and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states
 to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used
 these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use
 these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to
 regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make
 it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working
 capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would
 not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than
 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or make us unable to satisfy a minimum cash condition as described above, we would not proceed with
 such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with
 us.

24 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business
 combination or optimize our capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the
 transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash
 in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may
 limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are
 redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such
 redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions.

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business
 combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
 the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the
 trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either
 situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by the Extension Date may give potential target businesses, including the Potential Target, leverage over us
 in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete
 our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.

Any potential target business, including the Potential Target, with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business
 combination by the Extension Date. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we
 may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our
 initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the
 coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that has, and in the future could, adversely
 affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a
 business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, limit the ability to conduct due diligence, or the target company s personnel, vendors and services
 providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be
 predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of and perceptions to COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 and its variants or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other
 matters of global concern continue, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.

25 

Table of Contents 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result
 of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.

Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities
 and cross-border transactions.

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection
 with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border
 business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments,
 regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting,
 including any of the following:

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;

tariffs and trade barriers;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

local or regional economic policies and market conditions;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

longer payment cycles;

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

rates of inflation;

challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

26 

Table of Contents 

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;

corruption;

protection of intellectual property;

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;

regime changes and political upheaval;

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and

deterioration of political relations with the United States.

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination,
 our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by the Extension Date, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we
 would redeem our public shares and liquidate.

We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination by the Extension Date. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be
 negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease
 all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
 deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
 public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
 redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
 applicable law.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers and their affiliates may elect to
 purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
 combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law
 and Nasdaq rules. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in
 the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial
 owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights.

27 

Table of Contents 

In the event that our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have
 already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the
 business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
 amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants
 outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business
 combination that may not otherwise have been possible. We expect any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making
 it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures
 for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules,
 if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable,
 that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For
 example, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our
 transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days
 prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also
 submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other
 procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed.

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive
 targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have
 already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at
 times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination.

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with
 attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns,
 geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to
 find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.

28 

Table of Contents 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business
 combination.

Recently, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies
 are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future.

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In
 order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However,
 any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to
 have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off
 insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of
 stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13
 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our
 prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your
 influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption
 distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such hares, would be required to sell your
 shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

29 

Table of Contents 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business
 combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our
 warrants will expire worthless.

We expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank
 check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
 directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we
 do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public
 offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
 limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business
 combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a
 competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are
 available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business
 combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a
 competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are
 available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate
 until the Extension Date, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or
 members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 145,980 in cash held outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. Additionally, on February 23, 2023, our sponsor issued and funded a
 non-interest bearing 500,000 unsecured promissory note. Also, in connection with the approval by the Company s stockholders of the Extension Date at the Extension Meeting, on March 6, 2023, the Lender made a 1,760,000 deposit into the trust
 account in exchange for an unsecured promissory note that matures upon the Company closing its initial business combination. If the Company completes an initial business combination, the Company will, at the option of the Lender, repay the
 amounts loaned under the promissory note or convert a portion or all of the amounts loaned under such promissory note into warrants, which warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants issued in connection with the Company s
 initial public offering. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate
 until the Extension Date; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. We expect to use a
 portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent
 designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have
 any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise),
 we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.

If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or we may be forced
 to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to
 us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be
 identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe
 third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we
 do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption
 of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than
 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein.

30 

Table of Contents 

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from
 achieving our desired results.

We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to
 the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate.

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the
 operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may
 not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than
 anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will
 adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization.

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our
 trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extension Date may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law.
 If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be
 brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders
 with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary
 of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the Extension Date in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply
 with the foregoing procedures.

Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all
 existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to
 searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section
 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the
 stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for
 any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our
 public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extension Date is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution
 is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of
 creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution.

31 

Table of Contents 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise.

We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive
 acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
 risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our securities than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination
 target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report
 regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk
 factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless
 they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that
 the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination
 with which a substantial majority of our stockholders or warrant holders do not agree.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would
 cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working
 capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not
 agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
 rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A
 common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the
 business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate
 business combination.

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other
 governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete
 our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support.

In order to effectuate a business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including
 their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with
 respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require the approval of holders of 65 of
 our common stock, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least a majority of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the
 warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires us to provide our public stockholders
 with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete an initial business combination by the Extension Date or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to
 fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter
 or governing instruments or extend the time in which we must complete our initial business combination.

32 

Table of Contents 

Investors will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business
 that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our initial public offering and
 the sale of the private placement warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such
 as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business
 combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if we were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were
 released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination.

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that
 could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a
 particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these
 factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks,
 unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that
 we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of
 assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain
 stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to
 successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy
 materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than
 10.00 per share.

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent
 registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for
 the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent
 inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held
 in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter
 into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. The underwriter of our initial public offering as well as our registered
 independent public accounting firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account.

33 

Table of Contents 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are
 believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no
 guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon
 redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to
 provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00
 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the
 extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination
 agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less
 than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all
 rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
 under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that
 our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds
 available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per
 share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for
 distribution to our public stockholders.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of
 the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no
 indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent
 directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may
 choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced
 below 10.00 per share.

34 

Table of Contents 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers.

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any
 kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares).
 Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and
 directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers
 and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our
 officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us
 that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of
 directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
 some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying public stockholders from the trust account
 prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us
 that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be
 reduced.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the
 extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our
 initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

Our efforts to identify a prospective initial business combination target are not limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may pursue an initial business
 combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify, acquire and operate a business or businesses that can benefit from our management team s established global
 relationships and operating experience. Our management team has extensive experience in identifying and executing strategic investments globally and has done so successfully in a number of sectors. Our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation prohibits us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to a business combination,
 there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination,
 we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by
 the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that
 we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or
 reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were
 available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such
 stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty
 owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or
 material omission.

35 

Table of Contents 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business
 combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and
 guidelines.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
 combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a
 business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise
 their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is
 required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general
 criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders,
 and our warrants will expire worthless.

We may issue additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after
 completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the
 anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common
 stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of March 30, 2023, there were 12,812,500 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively,
 available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B common stock. The Class B common stock is automatically
 convertible into Class A common stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. As of
 March 30, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.

We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after
 completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the
 anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the
 holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x)
 extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond the Extension Date from the closing of our initial public offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock:

36 

Table of Contents 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one
 basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock;

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A common stock if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or
 removal of our present officers and directors;

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants; and

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with
 another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of
 our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
 substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely
 would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
 result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required
 time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management
 resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Report for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event
 we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our
 internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business
 with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to
 achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

37 

Table of Contents 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business
 whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a
 lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the
 target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who
 choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial
 condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us.

We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the
 lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the
 incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver
 or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other
 general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who
 have less debt.

38 

Table of Contents 

We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us
 to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and marketable securities held in the trust account of 290,737,917 (including 3,945,497 of interest) available to consummate an initial business combination
 after payment of the estimated expenses of our initial public offering, 10,062,500 of deferred underwriting fees and 731,214 of interest earned from the trust account to pay franchise and income taxes. As a result of the proposal to amend the
 amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the Original Termination Date, as holders of 24,304,187 shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their redemption) for
 cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.17 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 247,259,068.

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to
 effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the
 SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
 may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have
 the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which
 we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination
 and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on
 the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks,
 including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
 products of the acquired companies into a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with
 a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private
 companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we
 suspected, if at all.

39 

Table of Contents 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination
 with some prospective target businesses.

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
 statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be
 required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
 Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential
 target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
 time frame.

The SEC has recently issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or
 others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete an initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete such business
 combination.

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Proposed Rules that would, among other things, impose additional disclosure requirements in initial public offerings by special
 purpose acquisition companies SPACs and business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving such companies;
 update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increase the potential liability of certain participants
 in proposed business combination transactions; and impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). These rules, if adopted, whether in the
 form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto.

If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination
 and instead be required to liquidate. As a result, because the Trust Account was not liquidated prior to the 24-month anniversary of our initial public offering, we have converted all funds in the Trust Account to cash, and such funds will cease
 to earn interest.

We completed our initial public offering on March 4, 2021 and we have operated as a blank check company searching for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination
 since such time. The SPAC Proposed Rules relate, among other matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act. The SPAC Proposed Rules would provide a safe harbor for such
 companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a
 limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Proposed Rules would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a
 target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no
 later than 24 months after the effective date of the Initial Public Offering registration statement.

It is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company
 Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a
 successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants or rights following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless.

40 

Table of Contents 

The funds in the Trust Account have, since our initial public offering, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
 investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company
 (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), following the Extension Meeting, we instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust
 Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts, which may or may not be interest
 bearing) until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. This means that the amount available for redemption may not increase following the twenty-four month anniversary of our initial public offering. In
 addition, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of the closing of the Company s initial public offering, we may be deemed to be an investment company. 

The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement
 governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier
 for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial
 public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved
 by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to
 vote thereon. If we amend such provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a stockholder meeting. In all other
 instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules.
 Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock as of the date of this Report, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the
 discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special
 purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation.

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extension Date or with respect to any other material provisions relating to
 stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash,
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our
 stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers, directors or director nominees for any breach of these
 agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.

41 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us
 to restructure or abandon a particular business combination.

We have not selected any specific business combination target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial
 public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public stockholders, we
 may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be
 unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may
 be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of
 principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive
 their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business
 combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business.
 None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.

Risks Relating to Our Securities

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then
 outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased,
 all without your approval.

Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the
 terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any
 change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public
 warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to,
 among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock
 purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.

Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive
 forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.

Our warrant agreement provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the
 Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be
 the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

42 

Table of Contents 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which
 the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to
 the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States
 District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the
 State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon
 such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits.
 Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
 such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our
 Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing once the warrants
 become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that on the date we give notice of redemption. We will not redeem the warrants unless an effective registration statement under the
 Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except
 if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to
 register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be
 disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for
 redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees.

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination.

In connection with our initial public offering and the full over-allotment option exercised by our underwriter, we issued warrants to purchase 14,375,000 of our Class A common stock as part of
 the units offered in our initial public offering, and we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 8,250,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Our
 initial stockholders currently own an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares.

In addition, our sponsor has issued working capital loans which permits the conversion of such loan into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per
 warrant. Also, in connection with the approval by the Company s stockholders of the Extension Date at the Extension Meeting, on March 6, 2023, the Lender made a 1,760,000 deposit into the trust account in exchange for an unsecured promissory
 note that matures upon the Company closing its initial business combination. If the Company completes an initial business combination, the Company will, at the option of the Lender, repay the amounts loaned under the promissory note or convert a
 portion or all of the amounts loaned under such promissory note into warrants, which warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants issued in connection with the Company s initial public offering. To the extent we issue common stock
 to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business.
 Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock and reduce the value of the Class A common stock issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it
 more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.

43 

Table of Contents 

Because each Unit contains one-half of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition
 companies.

Each Unit contains one-half of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon
 exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. This
 is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one common share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants
 upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more
 attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to
 elect directors.

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on
 Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a
 meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual
 meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in
 accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL.

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to
 pay in the future for our shares of Class A common stock and could entrench management.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These
 provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions
 that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult
 and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

44 

Table of Contents 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our
 directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the
 suit will, subject to certain exceptions, be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other
 employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have
 consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of
 Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court
 of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to
 the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit or make more costly a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us
 or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate
 of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain
 exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum
 provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any
 complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot
 waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
 created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.

The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business
 combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of Class A common stock.

Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with our initial public offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the shares of Class
 A common stock into which founder shares are convertible, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of
 the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration
 rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The
 registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make
 our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
 negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the shares of common stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their
 respective permitted transferees are registered.

45 

Table of Contents 

Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue
 certain shares to consummate an initial business combination.

The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock
 splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in
 connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the total number of shares of Class A
 common stock outstanding after such conversion, including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by
 the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common
 stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of founder
 shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. This is different than some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies in which the initial stockholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number
 of shares to be outstanding prior to our initial business combination.

Our sponsor controls a majority in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.

As of March 30, 2023, our initial stockholders owned approximate 61.78 of our issued and outstanding common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a
 stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional Class A common stock in the aftermarket or in
 privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our
 board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold
 an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If
 there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have
 considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination.

Risks Relating to Our Management Team

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of
 our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have
 conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on
 the life of, any of our directors or executive officers.

The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

Neither Arrowroot Capital nor any of its affiliates has an obligation to provide us with potential investment opportunities or to devote any specified amount of time or
 support to our company s business.

Although we expect we may benefit from Arrowroot Capital and its affiliates networks of relationships and processes for sourcing and evaluating potential acquisition targets, neither it nor any
 of its affiliates has any legal or contractual obligation to seek on our behalf or present to us investment opportunities that might be suitable for our business, and they may allocate any such opportunities at their discretion to us or other
 parties. We have no investment management, advisory, consulting or other agreement in place with Arrowroot Capital or any of its affiliates that obligates them to undertake efforts on our behalf or that govern the manner in which they will
 allocate investment opportunities. Moreover, even if Arrowroot Capital or one of its affiliates refers an opportunity to us, there can be no assurance that such an opportunity will result in an acquisition agreement or a business combination.

46 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of
 whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot
 presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of
 the target business will remain in place. While we closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may
 be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business
 combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of
 interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in
 connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our
 securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial
 interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement t, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be
 entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and stockholder rights agreement.

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business
 whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a
 lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the
 target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or
 warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
 reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim
 under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating

47 

Table of Contents 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key
 personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an
 acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to
 our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
 operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several
 other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers
 and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability
 to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to other entities and clients of
 other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently
 has, and any of them in the future may have additional fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to other entities or to clients of Arrowroot Capital or other affiliates of our sponsor pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be
 required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary,
 contractual or other obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to present such opportunity to such entity and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity and he or she determines to
 present the opportunity to us (including as described above). These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. However, we do not believe that the
 fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination.

In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures, even
 prior to us entering into a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not
 believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any
 investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or
 executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or
 entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.

48 

Table of Contents 

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination.
 Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are
 appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on
 our stockholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
 directors or initial stockholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
 directors or initial stockholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Our founders, sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the
 period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our founders, sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us
 to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically
 focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination and such transaction was approved
 by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to
 our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial stockholders, potential conflicts of interest still
 may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to
 public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.

In November 2020 our sponsor paid 30,000 in exchange for 5,750,000 founder shares. On December 31, 2020, we effectuated a 5-for-4 stock split, resulting in 7,187,500 founder shares outstanding
 and held by our sponsor. In addition, in January 2021, our sponsor transferred 40,000 founder shares to each of Dixon Doll, Will Semple and Gaurav Dhillon, our non-employee directors at the time of our initial public offering. Prior to the
 initial investment in the company of 30,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of
 founder shares issued.

The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has committed to purchase an aggregate of 8,250,000 private placement
 warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, or 8,250,000, that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. These personal and
 financial interests of our executive officers, directors and members of our sponsor may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the
 operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the Extension Date nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination.

49 

Table of Contents 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a
 target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a
 target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
 sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting
 securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For
 example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target.
 However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A common stock subsequent to such
 transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more
 likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.

General Risk Factors

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
 deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or
 confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to
 investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure
 requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
 are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
 obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
 payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that
 status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December
 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices
 of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

50 

Table of Contents 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is,
 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act
 provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
 extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private
 companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with those of another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the
 extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
 including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
 equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million
 as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with those of other public companies difficult or impossible.

Global economic, political and market conditions may adversely affect our business and our ability an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business
 combination.

Various social and political circumstances in the U.S. and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, including rising trade tensions between the United States and China, and
 other uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in the U.S. and foreign, trade, economic and other policies with other countries, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes,
 hurricanes and global health epidemics), may also contribute to increased market volatility and economic uncertainties or deterioration in the U.S. and worldwide. Specifically, the rising conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and resulting market
 volatility, could adversely affect global economic, political and market conditions and our ability to attract target businesses with which to consummate our initial business combination. In response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine,
 the U.S. and other countries have imposed sanctions or other restrictive actions against Russia. Any of the above factors, including sanctions, export controls, tariffs, trade wars and other governmental actions, could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, and could cause the market value of our securities to decline. These market and economic disruptions could also negatively impact our ability to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on
 prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
 and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination.

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of
 non-compliance.

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose
 securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and
 administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target.

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This
 evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any
 subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.

51 

Table of Contents 

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business
 combination.

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may lead to other
 national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 2. 

Properties

Our executive offices are located at 4553 Glencoe Ave, Suite 200, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292. We retain this space from an affiliate of our sponsor. We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of
 20,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

52 

Table of Contents 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

(a) 

Market Information

Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbols ARRWU, ARRW and ARRWW, respectively.

(b) 

Holders

As of December 31, 2022, there was 2 holders of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our Class A common stock, 1 holder of record for our Class B common stock and 2 holders of record for
 our warrants.

(c) 

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends
 in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial
 business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
 we may agree to in connection therewith.

(d) 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None

(e) 

Performance Graph

Not applicable.

(f) 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings.

Unregistered Sales

In November 2020 our sponsor paid 30,000 in exchange for 5,750,000 founder shares. On December 31, 2020, we effectuated a 5-for-4 stock split, resulting in 7,187,500 founder shares outstanding
 and held by our sponsor. In addition, in January 2021, our sponsor transferred 40,000 founder shares to each of Dixon Doll, Will Semple and Gaurav Dhillon, our non-employee directors at the time of this transfer. Such securities were issued in
 connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D.

On March 4, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 28,750,000 units, including 3,750,000 units as a result of the underwriter s full exercise of their over-allotment option, at an
 offering price of 10.00 per unit and a private placement with our sponsor of 8,250,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The net proceeds from the initial public offering together with certain of the proceeds from the
 Private Placement, 287,500,000 in the aggregate (the Offering Proceeds ), were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders and the underwriter of our initial public offering with Continental Stock
 Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. This Private Placement was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and no underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to
 such sale.

53 

Table of Contents 

Use of Proceeds

On December 21, 2020, the sponsor issued the First Promissory Note (as defined below), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The outstanding
 balance under the First Promissory Note of 149,992 was repaid at the closing of the initial public offering on March 4, 2021.

Following the initial public offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the private placement warrants, a total of 287,500,000 was placed in a segregated
 non-interest bearing trust account, located in the United States. We incurred 16,392,714 in transaction costs related to the initial public offering, consisting of 5,750,000 in cash underwriting fees, 10,062,500 of deferred underwriting fees
 and 580,214 of other offering costs. The net proceeds of the initial public offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants are invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or
 in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.

We paid a total of 5,750,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and approximately 580,214 for other costs and expenses related to the initial public offering. In addition, the
 underwriter agreed to defer 10,062,500 in underwriting discounts and commissions.

(g) 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
 signature appears below constitutes and appoints Matthew Safaii and Thomas Olivier, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful agents, proxies and attorneys-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Arrowroot Acquisition Corp.,
 and any or all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power
 and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises hereby ratifying and confirming all that such agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact or any of his substitutes, may
 lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related
 thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual
 results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Overview

We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 5, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital
 stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt.

As of the date of this Report, we have signed a non-binding letter of intent with the Potential Target, but we have not signed a business combination agreement, or similar definitive binding
 agreement, with the Potential Target. Any business combination with the Potential Target would be subject to a minimum cash condition and other customary closing conditions. Our obligation to close will also be subject to customary closing
 conditions. We also expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans, and we cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful.

54 

Table of Contents 

On February 28, 2023 we held an Extension Meeting where the date by which we have to consummate a business combination was extended from March 4, 2023
 to the Extension Date In connection with the extension vote, 24,304,187 Class A common stock were redeemed for an aggregate redemption amount of 247,259,068 .
 After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust account was approximately 45,229,556.

Results of Operations

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the
 initial public offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We historically have generated
 non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for
 due diligence expenses.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 13,521,299, which consists of income of 11,881,250 derived from changes in fair value of the warrant liabilities and interest income
 earned on investments held in the Trust Account of 3,945,497, offset by general and administrative costs of 1,555,038 and provision for income taxes of 750,410.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net income of 4,844,863, which consists of income of 8,680,000 derived from changes in fair value of the warrant liabilities and interest income
 earned on investments held in the trust account of 23,634, offset by general and administrative costs of 3,858,771.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

On March 4, 2021, we consummated the initial public offering of 28,750,000 Units which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of 3,750,000 Units,
 at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 287,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 8,250,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a
 private placement to Arrowroot Acquisition LLC, generating gross proceeds of 8,250,000.

Following the initial public offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Units, a total of 287,500,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred
 16,392,714 in transaction costs related to the initial public offering, consisting of 5,750,000 in cash underwriting fees, net of reimbursements, 10,062,500 of deferred underwriting fees and 580,214 of other offering costs.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,597,905. Net income of 13,521,299 was affected by income of 11,881,250 derived from changes in fair value of the
 warrant liabilities and interest income earned on investments held in the Trust Account of 3,945,497. Net changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 707,543 of cash for operating activities.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 2,436,432. Net income of 4,844,863 was affected by income related to the change in fair value of the warrant
 liabilities of 8,680,000, transaction costs allocable to warrants of 760,022 and interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account of 23,634. Net changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 662,317 of cash for operating
 activities.

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and marketable securities held in the trust account of 290,737,917 (including 3,945,497 of interest) consisting of money market funds which invest primarily
 in U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 185 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we withdrew an amount of 731,214 interest earned from the trust account to
 pay franchise and income taxes.

55 

Table of Contents 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete our
 business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance
 the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 145,980. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on
 prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
 and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates
 may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held
 outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination
 entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

On December 21, 2020, the sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the First Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company
 may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The outstanding balance under the First Promissory Note of 149,992 was repaid at the closing of the initial public offering on March 4, 2021.

On December 29, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Second Promissory Note in the principal amount of up to 1,500,000 to its sponsor, of which 750,000 was funded by
 the sponsor upon execution of the Second Promissory Note and an additional amount of 200,000 was drawn down on March 17, 2022. On April 21, 2022, the Company drew down the remaining 550,000 pursuant to the terms of the Second Promissory Note
 issued on December 29, 2021. Following this draw down, the full 1,500,000 available under the Second Promissory Note was outstanding. There are no remaining funds available under the Second Promissory Note for future drawdowns. As of December
 31, 2022 and 2021, 1,500,000 and 750,000 were drawn down on this Second Promissory Note, respectively.

The Second Promissory Note does not bear interest. The principal balance of the Second Promissory Note will be payable on the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates
 its initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective (such date, the Maturity Date ). In the event the Company consummates its initial business combination, the sponsor has the option on the Maturity
 Date to convert all or any portion of the principal outstanding under the Second Promissory Note into that number of warrants Working Capital Warrants equal to the portion of the principal amount of the Second Promissory Note being converted
 divided by 1.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number. The terms of the Working Capital Warrants, if any, would be identical to the terms of the private placement warrants issued by the Company at the time of its initial public offering, as
 described in the prospectus for the initial public offering dated March 1, 2021 and filed with the SEC, including the transfer restrictions applicable thereto. The Third Promissory Note is not convertible into Working Capital Warrants or any
 other security. The Promissory Notes are subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of certain of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal balance of the Promissory Notes and all other sums payable with regard to the
 Promissory Notes becoming immediately due and payable.

On February 23, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of 500,000 in favor of the sponsor (the Third
 Promissory Note and together with the Second Promissory Note, the Promissory Notes ), which was funded in full by the sponsor upon execution of the Third Promissory Note. The Third Promissory Note is not convertible into Working Capital
 Warrants or any other security.

On March 6, 2023, in connection with the approval by the Company s stockholders of the Extension Date at the Extension Meeting, the Lender
 made a 1,760,000 deposit into the trust account in exchange for an unsecured promissory note that matures upon the Company closing its initial business combination (the Fourth Promissory Note ). If the Company completes an initial business
 combination, the Company will, at the option of the Lender, repay the amounts loaned under the Fourth Promissory Note or convert a portion or all of the amounts loaned under such promissory note into warrants, which warrants will be identical
 to the private placement warrants issued in connection with the Company s initial public offering. If the Company does not complete an initial business combination by the Extension date Date, such promissory note will be repaid only from funds
 held outside of the Trust Account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven.

All of the Company s outstanding promissory notes are subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of certain of which automatically
 triggers the unpaid principal balance of the promissory notes and all other sums payable with regard to the promissory notes becoming immediately due and payable.

If our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may
 have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant
 number of our public shares upon consummation of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination.

56 

Table of Contents 

Based on the foregoing, management has determined that we do not have sufficient liquidity to meet our anticipated obligations for at least twelve months after the financial statements are
 available to be issued, as such, the events and circumstances raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, as discussed further below. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 and do not include any adjustments that might arise as a result of uncertainties about our ability to continue as a going concern.

Going Concern

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
 Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs, obtain approval for an extension of the deadline or complete a Business Combination by July
 6, 2023 (or such later date as permitted by the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation) but no later than February 4, 2024, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity
 condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the
 Company be required to liquidate after the Extension Date. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
 with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance
 sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets.

Contractual Obligations

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the sponsor a monthly fee of 20,000 for office
 space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services. We began incurring these fees on March 4, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our
 liquidation.

The underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 10,062,500 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust
 Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Critical Accounting Estimate 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
 and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could
 materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting estimate:

Warrant Liabilities

We account for the Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40 under which the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities.
 Accordingly, we classify the Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the Warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in
 fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The Private Warrants and the Public Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. For periods subsequent to the detachment
 of the Public Warrants from the Units, the Public Warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. 

57 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Not required for smaller reporting companies.

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference.

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

58 

Table of Contents 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a 15(e) and 15d-15(e) are designed to ensure that information required to
 be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls
 and procedures were effective.

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
 procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must
 reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and
 procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
 future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a- 15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that
 occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
 financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in
 accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(1)

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company,

(2)

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only
 in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and

(3)

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation
 of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022.

59 

Table of Contents 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
 internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information

Not applicable.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

60 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Directors and Executive Officers

As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows:

Name

Age

Position

Matthew Safaii

43

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board

Thomas Olivier

55

President, Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board

Dixon Doll

80

Director

Will Semple

45

Director

Peter Kuper

53

Director

Matthew Safaii has served as our Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of our board of directors since our inception in November 2020. Mr. Safaii is the
 founder and Managing Partner of Arrowroot Capital, an investment advisory firm, which he founded in January 2014. Mr. Safaii serves as a Director at SnapLogic, Inc., a cloud connection company, which he joined in September 2019. Previously, Mr.
 Safaii served as a Managing Director and Head of the Acquisitions Team at Actua Corp., a venture capital firm, from June 2009 to December 2013.

Thomas Olivier has served as our President and Chief Financial Officer and the Vice Chairman of our board of directors since our inception in November
 2020. Mr. Olivier is a managing director at Arrowroot Capital and has held this position since March 2021. Previously, Mr. Olivier was a Managing Director in Houlihan Lokey s Technology, Media Telecom (TMT) Group from May 2017 until April
 2021. Prior to his time at Houlihan Lokey, Mr. Olivier served as a Managing Director at Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., an investment bank focused on the technology sector, from April 2012 to May 2017. Mr. Olivier also joined the board of
 directors of Board of Brain Scientific Inc., a neurology-focused medical device and software company, in November 2021.

Dixon Doll has served on our board of directors since the completion of our initial public offering. Mr. Doll currently serves on the Advisory Board for
 the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research Institute, a nonprofit research institution, which he joined in 2002. Mr. Doll is a Senior Director at Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: DBDR), a special purpose acquisition company,
 which he joined in October 2020. Mr. Doll is a Director at Prime Impact Acquisition I (NYSE: PIAI), a special purpose acquisition company, which he joined in September 2020. Previously, Mr. Doll served as the Chairman of Network Equipment
 Technologies, Inc., a communication equipment company, from 2005 to 2011 and as a Director of DirecTV, Inc., a broadcast satellite services provider, from 2010 to 2015. Mr. Doll was elected to the Board of the National Venture Capital Association
 in 2005 and served on the Executive Committee and as Chairman from 2008 to 2009. Mr. Doll led DCM Ventures investments in About.com (acquired by The New York Times Co.), @Motion (acquired by Openwave), Clearwire (Nasdaq: CLWR), Coradiant
 (acquired by BMC), Force10 Networks (acquired by Dell), Foundry Networks (Nasdaq: FDRY), Internap (Nasdaq: INAP), Ipivot (acquired by Intel), and Neutral Tandem (Nasdaq: TNDM).

Will Semple has served on our board of directors since the completion of our initial public offering. Mr. Semple currently serves as a Director and Board
 Member of eBAY SARL, the European division of eBay, Inc. (Nasdaq: EBAY), a large multinational e-commerce company, which he joined in September 2019. Previously, Mr. Semple served as EMEA Lead of DevSecOps and Software Security Assurance
 for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, a large consulting and accounting firm, from January 2016 to September 2019.

Peter Kuper has served on our board of directors since March 4, 2022. Mr. Kuper is currently a Managing Partner of HypAdvisor Consulting LLC, a technology
 consulting firm, and has held this position since September 2008. Mr. Kuper is also chairman at Actus Digital Inc. Actus Digital ), a cyber security software company, and is the Senior Vice President of Finance and Information Technology at
 jCyte, Inc., a private biotechnology company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with retinal degenerative diseases. He has held both of these positions since November 2021. From January 2010 until January 2017 Mr. Kuper was also a
 Partner on the investments team at In-Q-Tel, a non-profit strategic investor that accelerates the development and delivery of technologies to U.S. government agencies.

61 

Table of Contents 

Advisory Board

From time to time we may utilize the services of certain advisors and/or form an advisory board consisting of individuals whom we believe will help us execute our business strategy.

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

Our board of directors consists of five members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors
 appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end
 following our listing on Nasdaq.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to
 appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.

The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Matthew Safaii, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors,
 consisting of Thomas Olivier and Peter Kuper, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Dixon Doll and Will Semple, will expire at the third annual meeting of
 stockholders.

Director Independence

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the
 company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
 director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Dixon Doll, Will Semple and Peter Kuper is an independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited
 exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules require that the
 compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.

Audit Committee

Dixon Doll, Will Semple and Peter Kuper serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Dixon Doll, Will Semple and Peter Kuper are independent under
 Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Peter Kuper serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of
 the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Peter Kuper qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules.

62 

Table of Contents 

The audit committee is responsible for:

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us;

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and
 procedures;

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence;

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm;

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most
 recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried
 out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues;

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and

reviewing with management, the independent registered public account firm and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any
 employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities.

Compensation Committee

Dixon Doll, Will Semple and Peter Kuper serve as members of our compensation committee and Will Semple serves as chair of the compensation committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards, we are
 required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Dixon Doll, Will Semple and Peter Kuper are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
 which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and
 determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers;

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

63 

Table of Contents 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees;

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and
 will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
 compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on
 our board.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Dixon Doll, Will Semple and Peter Kuper serve as members of our nominating committee and Dixon Doll serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards, we are required
 to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Dixon Doll, Will Semple and Peter Kuper are independent.

The primary purposes of our nominating and corporate governance committee is to assist the board in:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and
 determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers;

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans;

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees;

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

Director Nominations

Our nominating and corporate governance committee will recommend to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders.

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees
 for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of
 our stockholders.

64 

Table of Contents 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any
 amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Conflicts of Interest

In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if:

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation.

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to other entities, including Arrowroot Capital,
 pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or director becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity
 to which he or she has then current fiduciary, contractual or other obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to present such opportunity to such entity and only present it to us if such entity
 rejects the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us (including as described above). These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its
 presentation to us. However, we do not believe that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.

In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with, or which there is a fiduciary, contractual or other obligation by, our sponsor, officers
 or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or an independent accounting firm that the
 consideration to be paid by us in the initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Any such entity affiliated with, or which there is a fiduciary, contractual or other obligation by, our sponsor, officers or
 directors, may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity.

Our executive officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various
 business activities. However, we do not expect either potential conflicts of interest or the time taken by our management team s other duties to present a significant constraint in our ability to identify, diligence and execute potential business
 combinations.

Our officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such
 companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates and the director and officer teams. However, we do not expect that any such other blank
 check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly
 offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent
 the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect
 our ability to complete our initial business combination.

65 

Table of Contents 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual or other obligations:

Individual

Entity

Entity s Business

Affiliation

Matthew Safaii

Arrowroot Capital Management, LLC

Investment Management

Managing Partner and Founder

SnapLogic, Inc.

Cloud Computing

Director

MedNet Solutions, Inc.

Healthcare Technology

Director

Cygilant, Inc.

Cybersecurity Software

Director

Zift Channel Solutions, Inc.

Marketing Software

Director

SponsorHouse, Inc. (d/b/a Hookit)

Sponsorship Analytics

Director

Leadspace Ltd.

Marketing Software

Director

BryterCX Holdings, Inc.

CRM Software

Director

Hammer Technologies Holdings Pty Limited

Risk Management Software

Director

Clickatell Corp

IT Services and Consulting

Director

Engage3, Inc.

IT Services and Consulting

Director

Thomas Olivier

Arrowroot Capital Management, LLC

Investment Management

Managing Director

Brain Scientific Inc.

Medical Device and Software

Director

Mad Mobile, Inc.

Hospitality Technology Solutions

Director

Dixon Doll

Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp.

Special Purpose Acquisition Company

Senior Director

Prime Impact Acquisition I

Special Purpose Acquisition Company

Director

The Papal Foundation, University of San Francisco

Philanthropy

Director

Asian Art Museum

Cultural Institution

Director

Catholic Investment Services

Non-Profit Investment Management

Director

San Francisco Opera Association

Cultural Institution

Director

University of San Francisco Investment Committee

Non-Profit Investment Management

Chairman of Investment Committee

Amadeus Capital

Venture Capital

Member, Investment Advisory Board

Airlinq Inc.

Software Solutions

Director

Playlist Media, Inc.

Music

Director

CHNL Holdings, Inc.

Music

Director

Will Semple

eBAY SARL

E-Commerce

Director and Board Member

Cygilant, Inc.

Cybersecurity Software

Advisor

Peter Kuper

HypAdvisor Consulting LLC

Technology Consulting

Managing Partner

Actus Digital

Cybersecurity Software

Chairman

jCyte, Inc.

Biotechnology

Senior Vice President of Finance and Information Technology

66 

Table of Contents 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit any specified period of time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a
 business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors
 for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities or clients of the
 other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Our initial stockholders and Peter Kuper have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they hold in connection with
 the completion of our initial business combination. The other members of our management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by our initial stockholders with respect to any public shares acquired by them in or
 after our initial public offering. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial
 business combination within the prescribed time frame or any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If
 we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their
 founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
 capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our
 Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lockup. Subject to certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of
 our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and director nominees will own common stock or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target
 business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.

Our officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination.

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition
 to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or completing the business
 combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our
 sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm, that the consideration to be paid by
 us in such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq, we reimburse our sponsor 20,000 per month for office space, secretarial and
 administrative services provided to members of our management team.

67 

Table of Contents 

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.

In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, and they and the other
 members of our management team have agreed to vote any founder shares they hold and any shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination.

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may
 in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as
 directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or
 derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors.

We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. Except with
 respect to any public shares acquired in our initial public offering or thereafter (in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination), our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become an
 officer or director prior to the initial business combination will also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and not to seek recourse against the trust account for any
 reason whatsoever, including with respect to such indemnification.

These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood
 of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs
 of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

We believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and
 directors.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation

Executive Officer and Director Compensation

None of our executive officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. However, in January 2021, our sponsor transferred 40,000 founder shares to each of
 Dixon Doll, Will Semple and Gaurav Dhillon, our non-employee directors at the time of our initial public offering. Peter Kuper has not received any compensation for his services to the Company as a director. Commencing on March 2, 2021, through
 the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay our sponsor 20,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. In addition, our
 sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
 due diligence on suitable business combinations.

Our audit committee, on a quarterly basis, reviews all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial
 business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our
 directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. No compensation of any kind, including
 finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination except for these payments and
 reimbursements.

68 

Table of Contents 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
 of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not
 established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination,
 because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of
 directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is
 possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting
 arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our
 initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination
 of employment.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 31, 2022 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect
 to the beneficial ownership of our common stock, by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding common stock;

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and

all our executive officers and directors as a group.

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 28,750,000 public shares and 7,187,500 Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. All of the Class B common stock
 are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, as described herein.

Class B Common stock

Class A Common stock

Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 

Number of

 Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned (2) 

Approximate

 Percentage

 of Class

Number of

 Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned

Approximate

 Percentage

 of Class

Approximate

 Percentage of

 Voting

 Control

Arrowroot Acquisition LLC (our sponsor) (our sponsor) (2) 

7,067,500

98.33

19.67

Matthew Safaii (3) 

7,067,500

98.33

19.67

Thomas Olivier (3) 

7,067,500

98.33

19.67

Dixon Doll

40,000

Will Semple

40,000

Peter Kuper

All officers and directors as a group (five individuals)

7,187,500

99.44

19.78

Five Percent Holders

Saba Capital Management, L.P. (4) 

1,595,486

5.55

4.44 

HGC Investment Management Inc. (5) 

1,683,927

5.86 

4.69 

Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (6) 

1,451,993

5.05 

4.04 

Less than one percent.

69 

Table of Contents 

(1) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of officer and director beneficial stockholders is 4553 Glencoe Ave, Suite 200, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292.

(2) 

The shares reported herein are held in the name of our sponsor. Our sponsor is governed by two managers, Matthew Safaii and Thomas Olivier. As such, Matthew Safaii and Thomas Olivier have voting and investment discretion with respect
 to the Class B common stock held of record by our sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the Class B common stock held directly by our sponsor.

(3) 

Does not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his ownership interest in our sponsor.

(4) 

Based solely on Schedule 13G/A jointly filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Saba Capital Management, L.P., Saba Capital Management GP, LLC and Boaz R. Weinstein Saba Capital ). The
 address for Saba Capital is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174.

(5) 

Based solely on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by HGC Investment Management Inc. HGC IM ). HGC IM serves as the investment manager to and holds the shares of Class A common stock on behalf of The HGC Fund LP.
 The address for HGC IM is 1073 Yonge Street, 2nd Floor, Toronto, Ontario M4W 2L2, Canada.

(6) 

Based solely on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023 by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar ). HGC IM serves as the investment manager to and holds the shares of Class
 A common stock on behalf of Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund. The address for Polar is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6.

On February 28, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business
 combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 24,304,187 shares of Class A common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 247,259,068. After the
 satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust account was approximately 45,229,556, and there were 4,445,813 shares Class A common stock outstanding. Following such redemptions, our initial shareholders owned, on an as-converted
 basis, approximately 61.78 of our outstanding common stock.

Changes in Control

None.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Founder Shares

In November 2020 our sponsor paid 30,000 in exchange for 5,750,000 founder shares. On December 31, 2020, we effectuated a 5-for-4 stock split, resulting in 7,187,500 founder shares outstanding
 and held by our sponsor. In addition, in January 2021, our sponsor transferred 40,000 founder shares to each of Dixon Doll, Will Semple and Gaurav Dhillon, our non-employee directors at the time of our initial public offering. Prior to the
 initial investment in the company of 30,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible.

70 

Table of Contents 

Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of our initial business
 combination and (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their Class
 A common stock for cash, securities or other property; except to certain permitted transferees and under certain circumstances pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreements entered into by our initial stockholders and management team.

Administrative Services Agreement

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on March 4, 2021, through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a business combination and its liquidation, to pay an affiliate of the
 sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services.

Promissory Note Related Party

On December 21, 2020, the sponsor issued the First Promissory Note, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The First Promissory Note was
 non-interest bearing and became payable upon the consummation of the Company s initial public offering. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under this First Promissory Note.

On December 29, 2021, the Company issued the Second Promissory Note, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 1,500,000, of which 750,000 was funded by
 the sponsor upon execution of the Second Promissory Note. The Second Promissory Note, which may be further drawn down from time to time prior to the Maturity Date (as defined below) upon request by the Company, is subject to the sponsor s
 approval and does not bear interest. The principal balance of the note will be payable on the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company
 is effective (such date, the Maturity Date ). In the event the Company consummates its initial business combination, the sponsor has the option on the Maturity Date to convert all or any portion of the principal outstanding under the Note into
 that number of warrants Working Capital Warrants equal to the portion of the principal amount of the Note being converted divided by 1.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number. The terms of the Working Capital Warrants, if any, would be
 identical to the terms of the private placement warrants issued by the Company at the time of its initial public offering, for the initial public offering dated March 1, 2021 and filed with the SEC, including the transfer restrictions applicable
 thereto. The Second Promissory is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of certain of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal balance of the Second Promissory and all other sums payable with regard to the Second
 Promissory becoming immediately due and payable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 1,500,000 and 7,500,000 outstanding under this Second Promissory Note, respectively.

On February 23, 2023, the Company issued the Third Promissory Note, which was funded in full by the sponsor upon execution of the Third Promissory Note. The Third Promissory Note does not bear
 interest. The principal balance of the Third Promissory Note will be payable on the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is
 effective (such date, the Maturity Date ). The Third Promissory Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of certain of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal balance of the Third Promissory Note and all other
 sums payable with regard to the Third Promissory Note becoming immediately due and payable.

Registration Rights

The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of
 the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in
 connection with our initial public offering, requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In
 addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
 of any such registration statements.

71 

Table of Contents 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions

The audit committee of our board of directors have adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of related party transactions. A
 related party transaction is any consummated or proposed transaction or series of transactions: (i) in which the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected to exceed) the lesser of
 120,000 or 1 of the average of the company s total assets at year end for the prior two completed fiscal years in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a related party had,
 has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Related parties under this policy includes: (i) our directors, nominees for director or executive officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting
 securities; (iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person is a natural person; and (iv) any other person who maybe a related person pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to
 the policy, the audit committee will consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each related party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s-length dealings with an
 unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship underlying the
 transaction to be in the best interests of the company and its stockholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may have on a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s
 committees. Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit
 committee approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy does not permit any director or executive officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person
 transaction in which he or she is the related party.

To further minimize conflicts of interest, if we consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a
 committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a
 financial point of view. Furthermore, there will be no finder s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, non-cash payments, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or any
 affiliate of our sponsor or officers prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the following
 payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination:

Payment to our sponsor of 20,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team;

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination; and

Repayment of non-interest bearing loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination.
 Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except
 for the foregoing, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor,
 officers or directors, or our or their affiliates.

72 

Table of Contents 

Director Independence

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Dixon Doll, Will Semple and Peter Kuper are independent
 directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered.

Audit Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 98,000 and
 131,000, respectively, for the services Withum performed in connection with our initial public offering and the audit of our December 31, 2022 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other required SEC filings.

Audit-Related Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related
 services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements.

Tax Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 8,300 and 6,630,
 respectively, for the services Withum performed in connection with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered
 public accounting firm other than those set forth above.

Pre-Approval Policy

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
 rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and
 permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior
 to the completion of the audit).

Item 15 . 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a) 

The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:

(1) 

Financial Statements:

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

F-2

Balance Sheets

F-3

Statements of Operations

F-4

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements

F-7

(2) 

Financial Statement Schedules:

None.

73 

Table of Contents 

(3) 

Exhibits

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference
 facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or
 on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Report:

Exhibit No.

Description

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.(1)

3.2 

Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation(5)

3.3 

Bylaws.(2)

4.1 

Specimen Unit Certificate.(2)

4.2 

Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate.(2)

4.3 

Specimen Warrant Certificate.(2)

4.4 

Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant.(1)

4.5 

Description of Registrant s Securities

10.1 

Letter Agreement among the Registrant, the Sponsor and each of the executive officers and directors of the Registrant.

10.2 

Investment Management Trust Agreement between the Sponsor and the Registrant.(1)

10.3 

Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant, the Sponsor and the Holders signatory thereto.(1)

10.4 

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor.(1)

10.5 

Indemnity Agreement.(1)

10.6 

First Promissory Note issued to the Sponsor, dated December 21, 2020.(2)

10.7 

Convertible Promissory Note issued to the Sponsor, dated December 29, 2021.(3) 

10.8 

Promissory Note issued to the Sponsor, dated February 23, 2023.(4)

10.9 

Securities Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor.(2)

10.10 

Form of Administrative Services Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor.(2)

14.1 

Code of Ethics(2)

24.1 

Power of Attorney (Included under signatures)

31.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley
 Act of 2002.

31.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.

74 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

32.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.

32.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

(1) 

Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein.

(2) 

Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2021.

(3) 

Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein.

(4) 

Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2023 and incorporated by reference herein.

(5)

Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2023 and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

Not applicable.

75 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused the Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
 duly authorized.

March 31, 2023

ARROWROOT ACQUISITION CORP.

/s/ Matthew Safaii

Name: Matthew Safaii

Title: Chief Executive Officer

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
 signature appears below constitutes and appoints Matthew Safaii and Thomas Olivier, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful agents, proxies and attorneys-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Arrowroot Acquisition Corp.,
 and any or all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power
 and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises hereby ratifying and confirming all that such agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact or any of his substitutes, may
 lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

Name

Position

Date

/s/ Matthew Safaii

Chief Executive Officer

March 31, 2023

Matthew Safaii

Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Thomas Olivier

President and Chief Financial Officer

March 31, 2023

Thomas Olivier

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

/s/ Dixon Doll

Director

March 31, 2023

Dixon Doll

/s/ Will Semple

Director

March 31, 2023

Will Semple

/s/ Peter Kuper

Director

March 31, 2023

Peter Kuper

76 

Table of Contents 

ARROWROOT ACQUISITION CORP.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 100 

F-2

Financial Statements:

Balance Sheets 

F-3

Statements of Operations 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 to F-22

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of

Arrowroot Acquisition Corp.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Arrowroot Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022
 and 2021, the related statements of operations, statement of changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
 financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
 discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by July 6, 2023 (but no later than February 4, 2024) then the Company will
 cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
 plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
 opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
 Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
 the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
 control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements,
 whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
 evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020.

March 31, 2023

PCAOB ID Number 100 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

ARROWROOT ACQUISITION CORP.

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,

 2022

December 31,

 2021

ASSETS

Current assets

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total Current Assets

Cash and investments held in trust account

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Income tax payable 

Convertible promissory note - related party

Total Current Liabilities

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Warrant liabilities

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares issued and outstanding at approximately and per share
 redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, 
 par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding

Class A common stock, 
 par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding (excluding subject to possible redemption) 

Class B common stock, 
 par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

ARROWROOT ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

Year Ended

 December 31,

 2022 

Year Ended

 December 31,

 2021 

General and administrative expenses

Loss from operations

Other income:

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Interest earned on Marketable securities held in Trust Account

Total other income

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

Basic Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock

Basic net income per common share, Class B common stock 

Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock

Diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

ARROWROOT ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

Class A Common Stock

Class B Common Stock

Additional Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

(Deficit)

Balance January 1, 2021

Accretion of Class A common Stock Subject to Redemption

Sale of Private
 Placement Warrants

Net income

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion of Class A common Stock Subject to Redemption

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

ARROWROOT ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended

 December 31,

 2022 

Year Ended 

 December 31,

 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Transaction costs allocable to warrant liabilities

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Accrued expenses

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Investment of cash in Trust Account

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants

Proceeds from promissory note related party

Repayment of promissory note related party

Proceeds from convertible promissory note - related party

Payment of offering costs

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash Beginning

Cash Ending

Supplementary cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities:

Deferred underwriting fee payable

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the
 Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of 
 Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of .

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Arrowroot Acquisition LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of .

,
 consisting of in cash underwriting fees, net of reimbursements, of deferred underwriting fees and of other
 offering costs.

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale
 of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States and has been invested only in U.S. government securities, within the
 meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund
 selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust
 Account, as described below.

or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or
 assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting
 fees and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to
 register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no
 redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants.

F-7 

Table of Contents 

following any related redemptions and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the
 Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC
 prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other
 reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination,
 the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to
 redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.

times by an additional each time after the Charter Extension Date, by resolution of the Company s board of directors if requested by the sponsor, and upon advance notice prior to the applicable Termination Date, until February 4, 2024 (each, an Additional Charter Extension Date or a total of up to after the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of an initial business combination shall have occurred prior thereto (the
 Extension , such extension deadline, the Extension Date , and such proposal, the Extension Proposal ). The Extension proposal was approved by the stockholders.

of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company.

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or
 pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the
 Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.

of interest to pay
 dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s
 obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if
 the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
 of the Trust Account, if less than per public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable,
 provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s
 indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be
 unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to
 claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute
 agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

. Upon issuance, 
 was drawn down on the note with an additional drawn down on March 17, 2022. On April 21, 2022, the Company drew down the
 remaining pursuant to the terms of the Convertible Promissory Note. Following this draw down, the full available under the Convertible Promissory Note was outstanding. There are remaining funds available under the Second Promissory Note for future drawdowns. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and were drawn down on this Second Promissory Note,
 respectively.

, rounded up to the nearest whole number. The terms of the Working Capital Warrants, if any, would be identical to
 the terms of the private placement warrants issued by the Company at the time of its initial public offering, as described in the prospectus for the initial public offering dated March 1, 2021 and filed with the SEC, including the transfer
 restrictions applicable thereto. The Promissory Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of certain of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal balance of the Second Promissory Note and all other sums payable
 with regard to the Second Promissory Note becoming immediately due and payable.

of cash held outside its trust account for use as working capital, in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for
 a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its common stock in connection therewith and working capital deficit of .
 As of December 31, 2022, of deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the
 Company s tax obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew an amount of to pay income and franchise taxes. In
 order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company working capital loans,
 as defined below.

F-9 

Table of Contents 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

t have any cash equivalents as December 31, 2022 and 2021.

, of which was allocated to the warrant
 liabilities and charged to the statements of operations.

F-11 

Table of Contents 

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

Class A common stock issuance costs

Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021

Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022

Units, including a full exercise by the underwriter of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at a price of 
 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). The Public Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. The
 Private Placement Warrants are valued using a modified Black Scholes Option Pricing Model. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the close price of the Public Warrant price was used as the fair value of
 the Public Warrants as of each relevant date (see Note 10).

F-12 

Table of Contents 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that
 could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.

shares of Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the
 occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into
 common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per common share is the same as basic net income (loss) per common share for the periods presented.

F-13 

Table of Contents 

Denominator:

Basic weighted average shares outstanding

Basic net income per common share

Denominator:

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Diluted net income per common share

F-14 

Table of Contents 

Units, including a full exercise by the underwriter of their
 over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of Class A
 common stock and one-half of one Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of 
 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8).

Private Placement Warrants, at a
 price of per warrant, or 
 in the aggregate. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of
 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 9). A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the
 proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account
 will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B common stock for an aggregate price of . Subsequently, in December 2020
 the Company effectuated a 5-for-4 stock split, pursuant to which an additional shares of Class B common stock were issued, resulting in an aggregate of 
 Founder Shares issued and outstanding. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to Founder Shares subject to forfeiture
 to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares would equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial Public Offering. In January 2021, the Sponsor transferred founder shares to each of Director nominees,
 none of which are subject to forfeiture in the event that the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised in full. As a result of the underwriter s election to fully exercise their over-allotment option March 4, 2021, Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture.

after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale
 price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations,
 reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after a
 Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common
 stock for cash, securities or other property.

F-15 

Table of Contents 

per month for office space, secretarial, and administrative support
 services. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred and paid and in fees for these services, respectively. There were amounts outstanding in fees for these services at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i)
 July 31, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of 
 was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on March 4, 2021. No future borrowings are permitted.

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

. The note was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor may make in the future, to the Company for working capital expenses. Upon issuance, was drawn down on the note with an additional 
 drawn down on March 17, 2022. On April 21, 2022, the Company drew down the remaining pursuant to the terms of the Second
 Promissory Note. Following this draw down, the full available under the Second Promissory Note was outstanding. There are
 remaining funds available under the Second Promissory Note for future drawdowns. Management has determined the fair value of the
 Second Promissory Note is more accurately recorded at par since the conversion price is significantly higher than the value of the warrants. No arm s-length transaction by a note holder would result in a conversion with this fact pattern, thus
 it is a more accurate depiction with recording at par. As such no fair value change was booked to the statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and were drawn down on this Second Promissory Note,
 respectively. 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to
 registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering our securities.
 The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business
 Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, which are subject to possible redemption and presented as temporary equity. 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A
 common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on
 an as-converted basis, of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion, including the
 total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the
 consummation of a Business Combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business
 Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than -for-one basis.

F-17 

Table of Contents 

Public Warrants outstanding. Only whole warrants are exercisable. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of after the completion of our initial business combination or from the closing of this offering and will expire after
 the completion of our initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or the Company s liquidation.

business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities
 Act, of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus
 relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by
 the sixtieth th) business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an
 effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another
 exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of
 the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, it
 will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption
 is not available. 

per warrant;

prior written
 notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

per share (as adjusted stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period commencing after the
 warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before the Company sends to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

F-18 

Table of Contents 

per share
 of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any
 Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such
 initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A common stock during the 
 trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the 
 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the
 Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

Private Placement Warrants outstanding. Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable
 upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion
 of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial
 purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by
 such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.

Startup/Organization Expenses

Total deferred tax asset

Valuation allowance

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance

F-19 

Table of Contents 

Deferred

State

Current

Deferred

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax provision

and of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income, respectively.

and ,
 respectively.

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Transaction costs allocable to warrant liabilities

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax provision

F-20 

Table of Contents 

in U.S. Treasury Bills and U.S. Treasury Notes and in money market funds which are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities and in cash. At December 31, 2021, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of 
 in money market funds which are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities and in cash. During the year ended December 31,
 2022, the Company withdrew an amount of in interest income from the Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes. 

Liabilities:

Warrant Liabilities Public Warrants

1

Warrant Liabilities Private Placement Warrants

3 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

Risk-free rate

Dividend yield

Exercise price

Volatility

Term to expiration (years)

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022

Initial measurement on March 4, 2021

Change in fair value 

Transfers to Level 1

Fair value as of December 31, 2021

. There were transfers from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 during the year ended December 31, 2022.

times by an additional each time after the Charter Extension Date, by resolution of the Company s board of directors if
 requested by the sponsor, and upon advance notice prior to the applicable Termination Date, until February 4, 2024 (each,
 an Additional Charter Extension Date or a total of up to after the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of
 an initial business combination shall have occurred prior thereto (the Extension , such extension deadline, the Extension Date , and such proposal, the Extension Proposal ). The Extension proposal was approved by the stockholders.

and ,
 respectively (together the Notes to the Sponsor. The Notes do not bear interest and mature upon closing of the Company s Business Combination. In the event that Arrowroot does not consummate a Business Combination, the Note will be repaid
 only from funds held outside of the Trust Account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven.

F-22 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 brhc10049542_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5

ARROWROOT ACQUISITION CORP.

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

The following summary of the material terms of the securities of Arrowroot Acquisition Corp. is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities
 and is subject to and qualified by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), and
 applicable Delaware law. We urge you to read our amended and restated certificate of incorporation in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences securities.

Certain Terms

Unless otherwise stated in this exhibit or the context otherwise requires, references to:

amended and restated certificate of incorporation are to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation that the company adopted in connection with the consummation of our initial public offering, as
 further amended on March 1, 2023;

DGCL refers to the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same may be amended from time to time 

founder shares are to shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon
 the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination;

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors;

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock;

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any;

public shares are to our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market);

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team, to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our
 sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares;

sponsor are to Arrowroot Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;

trust account is to the trust account located in the United States in which, following the completion of our initial public offering, an amount of 287,500,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in
 the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants was placed and as of March 30, 2023, had a balance of approximately 45,229,556; and

we, us, our, company, our company, Company or our Company are to Arrowroot Acquisition Corp., a Delaware Corporation.

1 

We are a Delaware corporation and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the DGCL. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation, we are authorized to issue 220,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value each, including 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, as well as 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes certain terms of our capital stock as set out more particularly in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the
 information that is important to you.

Units

Each unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to
 purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in our final prospectus which was declared effective the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 1, 2021. Pursuant to the
 warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company dated March 4, 2021 (the warrant agreement ), a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the shares of Company s Class A common
 stock.

Common Stock

Prior to the closing of our initial public offering, there were 7,187,500 shares of Class B common stock outstanding, all of which were held of record by our initial stockholders, so
 that our initial stockholders would own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares following the completion of our initial public offering. Upon closing our initial public offering, the Class B common stock included an aggregate of up to 937,500 shares
 that were subject to forfeiture by the sponsor to the extent the underwriter elected not to exercise their over-allotment option, so that the number of Class B ordinary shares collectively represented 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding
 shares upon the completion of the initial public offering. As a result of the underwriter s exercising their over-allotment option in full, no founder shares were forfeited. Upon the closing of our initial public offering and the underwriter s fully
 exercised over-allotment option, 35,937,500 shares of our common stock were outstanding including:

28,750,000 shares of Class A common stock underlying units issued as part of our initial public offering; and

7,187,500 shares of Class B common stock held by our initial stockholders.

As of March 30, 2023, there were 11,633,313 shares issued and outstanding, including:

4,445,813 shares of Class A common stock underlying units; and

7,187,500 shares of Class B common stock held by our initial stockholders.

Stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock
 vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or
 applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which
 generally serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for
 the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor.

Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 250,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into a business
 combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to
 the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors
 appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term.

2 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our
 listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of
 such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual
 meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in
 accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL.

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
 account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account as of March 30, 2023, was approximately 45,229,556. The per
 share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a
 letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many special
 purpose acquisition companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business
 combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires
 these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the
 transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many special purpose acquisition companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the
 proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business
 combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
 company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares they hold and any public shares
 purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common
 stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will
 consummate our initial business combination.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
 rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
 Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess
 Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess
 Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such
 stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to
 dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

3 

If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares
 they hold and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares, we would not need any shares of the Class A
 common stock to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised). Additionally, each public
 stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by July 6, 2023, (or up to February 4, 2024, if
 applicable under the provisions of Section 9.1(b) of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) (the Termination Date ), then we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
 but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
 (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as
 stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
 liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial stockholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have
 agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date. However, if our initial stockholders or management
 team acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the
 prescribed time period.

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available
 for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund
 provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the
 limitations described herein. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.

Founder Shares

The founder shares are designated as Class B common stock and, except as described below, are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in our
 initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our initial
 stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with the
 completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate
 of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Termination Date or with respect to any other material provisions relating to
 stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination
 by the Termination Date, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period, and (iii) the
 founder shares are automatically convertible into Class A common stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein and in our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor
 of our initial business combination.

4 

The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis (the Initial
 Conversion Ratio ), subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or
 equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, 20 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion, including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
 securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for
 or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans,
 provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional shares of Class
 A common stock or equity-linked securities by the written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding consenting or agreeing separately as a single class.

With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with
 our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing price
 of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150
 days after our initial business combination, and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our
 stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property.

Preferred Stock

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock and provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in
 one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof,
 applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without stockholder approval, issue shares of preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the
 common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the
 removal of existing management. We have no preferred shares outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. As of March 30, 2023,
 no shares of preferred stock were issued or registered.

5 

Warrants

Public Stockholders Warrants

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time
 commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
 of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis
 under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a
 warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the
 units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at
 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

We are not be obligated to deliver any Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and we have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration
 statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to
 registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a share of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the share of Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified
 or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder
 of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the
 exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit.

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts
 to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the
 effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A
 common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and
 during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class
 A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require
 holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration
 statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

Redemption of warrants

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption for cash:

in whole and not in part;

at a price of 0.01 per warrant;

6 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
 days within a 30-trading day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

If and when the warrants become redeemable by us for cash, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under
 all applicable state securities laws.

We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant
 exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the
 Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is
 issued.

Redemption procedures and cashless exercise

If we call the warrants for redemption, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In
 determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders
 of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that
 number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A common stock
 (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value will mean the average closing price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on
 which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be
 received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We
 believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option,
 the holders of the private placement warrants and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would
 have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below.

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent
 that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class A common stock
 outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.

If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a share capitalization payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of common stock or
 other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the
 outstanding shares of common stock. A rights offering to holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of shares of Class A
 common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class
 A common stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering and divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities
 convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon
 exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of shares of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A
 common stock trades on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.

7 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A
 common stock on account of such Class A common stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A
 common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, or (d) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased,
 effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event.

If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A common stock or other
 similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion
 to such decrease in outstanding share of Class A common stock.

Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by
 multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such
 adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter.

In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business
 combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
 to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (the Newly Issued Price (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
 from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
 and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below
 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described under -
 Redemption of warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A
 common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of
 our outstanding Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the
 holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon
 the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of Class A common stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a
 dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class
 A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for
 trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified
 in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary
 transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants.

8 

The warrants were issued in registered form under the warrant agreement. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any
 holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, and that all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants, and, solely with
 respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants, a majority of the then outstanding private placement warrants. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to our Report, for a complete
 description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants.

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
 side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being
 exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A common stock. After the issuance of Class A common stock upon exercise of the
 warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will,
 upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder.

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced
 in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim.
 This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.

Private Placement Warrants

The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30
 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants) and they will
 not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial stockholders or their permitted transferees. The initial purchasers, or their permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis.
 Except as described in this section, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. If the private placement warrants are held by
 holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us for cash and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial
 public offering.

If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of
 shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A common stock
 (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value will mean the average closing price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on
 which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees is because
 it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have
 policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or
 she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the shares of Class A common stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup
 the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.

9 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors
 may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest basis. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the
 lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.

Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of any of these
 warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except that, among other limited exceptions, transfers can be made to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the
 sponsor.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash
 dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare
 dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time.

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent

The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that
 capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or
 claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any
 indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against the any monies in the trust account or interest earned thereon.

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the
 completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65 of our common stock. Our initial stockholders, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that:

10 

In the event we have not consummated an initial business combination by the July 6, 2023, our board of directors may, without a stockholder vote, elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business
 combination on a monthly basis for up to seven times by an additional one month each time after July 6, 2023, by resolution of the board of directors if requested by our sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable
 deadline date, until February 4, 2024, provided that our sponsor (or one or more of its affiliates or permitted designees) (the Lender will deposit into the trust account the lesser of 160,000 or 0.04 for each then-outstanding share of
 common stock included as part of the units sold in our initial public offering Offering Share for each such monthly extension for an aggregate deposit of up to the lesser of 1,120,000 or 0.28 for each then-outstanding Offering Share
 (if all seven additional monthly extensions are exercised), in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note issued by the us to the Lender. If we completes out initial Business Combination, we will, at the option of the
 Lender, repay the amounts loaned under the promissory note or convert a portion or all of the amounts.

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than
 ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which
 interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as
 stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
 liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the requirements of other applicable law;

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares
 (a) on our initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination by the Termination Date or (y) amend the
 foregoing provisions;

In the event we enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we, or a committee of independent directors, will
 obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares
 pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about
 our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. Whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public
 stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above;

So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that we must not consummate an initial business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair
 market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in the trust account) at the time of
 the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
 initial business combination by the Termination Date, or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
 to redeem all or a portion of their Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
 account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein (and which will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay
 to the underwriters); provided, however , that any such amendment will be voided, if any stockholders who wish to redeem are unable to redeem due to the fact that our net tangible assets would be less
 than 5,000,001; and

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
 tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001.

11 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from
 engaging in a business combination with:

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder.

A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if:

our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction;

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction
 commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative
 vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person
 can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings.

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate
 purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt
 to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

12 

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors,
 officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that
 there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is
 vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit
 will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court
 may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision is applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain
 exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision
 will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
 that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
 asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive
 compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
 Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.

Special meeting of stockholders

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman.

Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations

Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of
 stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor
 earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement
 must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting
 of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders.

Action by written consent

Any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by
 written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock.

13 

Classified Board of Directors

Our board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms. Our amended and restated
 certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any
 time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single
 class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office.

Class B Common Stock Consent Right

For so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B
 common stock of the then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or
 repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may
 be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum
 number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted.

Securities Eligible for Future Sale

As of March 30, 2023, we had 11,633,313 shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, 4,445,813 shares of Class A common stock were freely tradable without restriction or
 further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A common stock purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the 7,187,500 outstanding founder shares and all of the outstanding
 8,250,000 private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering.

Rule 144

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such
 person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and
 have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding,
 a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:

1 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock then outstanding (44,458,813 Class A common stock as of March 30, 2023); or

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.

14 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any
 time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such
 reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

As a result, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year
 after we have completed our initial business combination.

Registration Rights

The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A common stock issuable upon the
 exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration rights requiring us to register such securities for resale
 pursuant to a registration rights agreement dated March 4, 2021, and filed as an exhibit to our Report. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In
 addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of
 any such registration statements.

Listing of Securities

Our units, Class A comm stock and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbols ARRWU, ARRW and ARRWW, respectively.

15 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc10049542_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

CERTIFICATION

I, Matthew Safaii, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Arrowroot Acquisition Corp.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
 the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
 relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2023

/s/ Matthew Safaii

Matthew Safaii

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 brhc10049542_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

CERTIFICATION

I, Thomas Olivier, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Arrowroot Acquisition Corp.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting.

Date: March 31, 2023

/s/ Thomas Olivier

Thomas Olivier

President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 brhc10049542_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

Certification

Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title
 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Matthew Safaii, Chief Executive Officer of Arrowroot Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of his
 knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

In Witness Whereof , the undersigned has set his hand hereto as of the 31 st day of March, 2023. 

/s/ Matthew Safaii

Matthew Safaii

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 brhc10049542_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2

Certification

Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title
 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Thomas Olivier, Chief Financial Officer of Arrowroot Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of his
 knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

In Witness Whereof , the undersigned has set his hand hereto as of the 31 st day of March, 2023. 

/s/ Thomas Olivier 

Thomas Olivier

President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 arrw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 arrw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 arrw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 arrw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 arrw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

