<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_945114_0000945114-23-000019.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9037934</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>185613</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1389089</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3065833</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2234029</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2008369</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000945114-23-000019.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223171130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000945114-23-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBAL INDUSTRIAL Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000945114
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [5084]
		IRS NUMBER:				113262067
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13792
		FILM NUMBER:		23660900

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 HARBOR PARK DRIVE
		CITY:			PORT WASHINGTON
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11050
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5166087000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 HARBOR PARK DRIVE
		CITY:			PORT WASHINGTON
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11050

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SYSTEMAX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990622

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLOBAL DIRECTMAIL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950509

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000945114-23-000019.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 gic-20221231.htm
 10-K

gic-20221231 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 
 Large Accelerated Filer 
 Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, which is the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately . For purposes of this computation, all executive officers and directors of the Registrant and all parties to the Stockholders Agreement dated as of June 15, 1995 have been deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed to be an admission that such persons are, in fact, affiliates of the Registrant. 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of February 16, 2023 was shares. 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Part I Item 1. Business 
 5 
 General 
 5 
 Products 
 5 
 Sales and Marketing 
 6 
 Customer Service, Order Fulfillment and Support 
 7 
 Suppliers 
 7 
 Competition and Other Market Factors 
 7 
 Human Capital Resources 
 8 
 Environment, Health and Safety: Government Regulations 
 8 
 Seasonality 
 8 
 Available Information 
 9 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 18 
 Item 2. Properties 
 18 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 19 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 31 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 31 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 31 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 31 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 31 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 31 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 31 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 32 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 34 
 Signatures 
 35 
 
 2 

Table o f Contents 

 PART I 

Unless otherwise indicated, all references herein to Global Industrial Company (sometimes referred to as Global Industrial, the Company, or we include its subsidiaries. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of that term in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Additional written or oral forward-looking statements may be made by the Company from time to time in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise. Any such statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are based on management s estimates, assumptions and projections and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to statements regarding: i) projections or estimates of revenue, income or loss, exit costs, cash flow needs and capital expenditures; ii) fluctuations in general economic conditions, including effects of rising inflation; iii) future operations, such as risks regarding strategic business initiatives, plans relating to new distribution facilities, plans for utilizing alternative sources of supply in response to government tariff and trade actions and/or due to supply chain disruptions arising from the Coronavirus pandemic, war, geopolitical conflicts and plans for new products or services; iv) plans for acquisition or sale of businesses, including expansion or restructuring plans; v) financing needs, and compliance with financial covenants in loan agreements; vi) assessments of materiality; vii) predictions of future events and the effects of pending and possible litigation; and viii) assumptions relating to the foregoing. In addition, when used in this report, the words anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, intends, and plans and variations thereof and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified based on current expectations. Consequently, future events and results could differ materially from those relating to or underlying the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Statements in this report, particularly in Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 3. Legal Proceedings, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements describe certain factors, among others, that could contribute to or cause such differences. 
 
 Forward-looking statements in this report are based on the Company s beliefs and expectations as of the date of this report and are subject to risks and uncertainties which may have a significant impact on the Company s business, operating results or financial condition. Investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and undue reliance should not be placed on them. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unexpected events, except to the extent required under applicable law. 
 
 Risk Factors Summary (see Item 1A. Risk Factors, below): Other factors that may affect our future results of operations and financial condition include, but are not limited to, unanticipated developments in any one or more of the following areas, as well as other factors which may be detailed from time to time in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which we summarize below: 
 
 general economic conditions, such as customer inventory levels, consumer prices and inflation, interest rates, borrowing ability and economic conditions in the manufacturing and/or distribution industries generally, as well as government spending levels will continue to impact our business; 
 delays in the timely availability of products from our suppliers has in the past and could in the future delay receipt of needed product, resulting in delayed or lost sales; 
 global supply chains and the timely availability of products, particularly products, or product components used in domestic manufacturing, imported from China and other Asian nations as well as from other countries, have been, and in the future could continue to be adversely affected by allocation restrictions of difficult to source products by our vendors; 
 quarantines, factory slowdowns or shutdowns, border closings and travel restrictions resulting from the Coronavirus pandemic have in the past and could in the future adversely affect the timely availability of products, resulting in delayed or lost sales; 
 the imposition of tariffs and other trade barriers, as well as retaliatory trade measures, have caused us to raise the prices on certain of our products and seek alternate sources of supply, which could negatively impact our sales or disrupt our operations if we are not able to mitigate these measures; 
 3 

Table o f Contents 

 our use of alternate sources of supply, such as utilizing new vendors in additional countries, entails various risks, such as identifying, vetting and managing new business relationships, reliance on new vendors and maintaining quality control over their products, and protecting our intellectual property rights; 
 increases in freight and shipping costs, including fuel costs, could affect our margins to the extent the increases cannot be passed along to customers, as has occurred in the past; 
 extreme weather conditions have delayed or disrupted global product supply chains and have affected our ability to timely receive and ship products, which have and could adversely impact sales; 
 other critical factors affecting the shipping and distribution of products imported to the United States by us or our domestic vendors, such as a global shortage in availability of shipping containers, shipping port congestion, and pandemic related labor shortages, have in the past and could in the future adversely affect the timely availability of products, resulting in delayed or lost sales, as well as adversely affecting our margins; 
 our reliance on common carrier delivery services for shipping inventoried merchandise to customers; 
 our reliance on drop ship deliveries directly to customers by our product vendors for products we do not hold in inventory; 
 our ability to maintain available capacity in our distribution operations for stocked inventory and to enable on time shipment and deliveries, such as by timely implementing additional temporary or permanent distribution resources, whether in the form of additional facilities we operate or by outsourcing certain functions to third-party distribution and logistics partners; 
 we compete with other companies for recruiting, training, integrating and retaining talented and experienced employees, particularly in markets where we and they have central distribution facilities; and this aspect of competition is aggravated by the current tight labor market in the U.S. for such jobs and at a time this market is undergoing competitive changes due to the Coronavirus pandemic; 
 we expect to pursue acquisitions and other strategic transactions that we believe will either expand or complement our business in new or existing markets or further enhance the value and offerings we are able to provide to our existing or future potential customers; 
 the maintenance, repair and operation ("MRO") and industrial equipment industry are consolidating as customers are increasingly aware of the total costs of fulfillment and the need to have consistent sources of supply at multiple locations. This consolidation has and will continue to cause the industry to become more competitive as greater economies of scale are achieved by competitors, or as competitors with new lower cost business models are able to operate with lower prices; 
 risks involved with e-commerce, including possible loss of business and customer dissatisfaction if outages or other computer-related problems should preclude customer access to our products and services; 
 our information systems and other technology platforms supporting our sales, procurement and other operations are critical to our operations and disruptions or delays have occurred and could occur in the future, and if not timely addressed could have a material adverse effect on us; 
 a data security breach due to our e-commerce, data storage or other information systems being hacked by those seeking to steal Company, vendor, employee or customer information, or due to employee error, resulting in disruption to our operations, litigation and/or loss of reputation or business; 
 managing various inventory risks, such as being unable to profitably resell excess or obsolete inventory and/or the loss of product return rights from our vendors; 
 meeting credit card industry compliance standards in order to maintain our ability to accept credit cards; 
 rising interest rates, increased borrowing costs or limited credit availability, could impact both our and our customers ability to fund purchases and conduct operations in the ordinary course; 
 pending or threatened litigation and investigations, and other government actions, such as anti-dumping, unclaimed property, or trade and customs actions by U.S. or foreign governmental authorities, have occurred in the past and although had no material impact to our business, there can be no assurance that such events would not have such impact on our business and results of operation. 

4 

Table o f Contents 

 Item 1. Business. 

General 
 
 Global Industrial Company, through its operating subsidiaries, is a value-added industrial distributor of more than a million industrial and maintenance, repair and operation ("MRO") products in North America going to market through a system of branded e-commerce websites and relationship marketers. The Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1995. Certain predecessor businesses which now constitute the Company's operations have been in business since 1949. Our headquarters office is located at 11 Harbor Park Drive, Port Washington, New York. 
 
 Continuing operations 
 
 The Company offers more than one million industrial and MRO products, including its own Global Industrial Exclusive Brands TM , which are marketed in North America. These industrial and MRO products are manufactured by other companies. Some products are manufactured for us as a white label product and some are manufactured to our own design: these products are marketed as private brand products under the trademarks: Global , GlobalIndustrial.com , Nexel , Paramount and Interion . 
 
 See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Form 10-K for additional financial information about our business as well as information about our geographic operations. 

Accelerating the Customer Experience 
 
 The Company's multi-year business strategy is focused on Accelerating our Customers Experience ACE ). The ACE initiative, which guides our actions across the business, and specifically in our customer end-to-end purchase, service, and delivery experience, has at its core building of customer loyalty and trust by addressing unique customer needs through a responsive and tailored sales, product, and service experience. We build customer loyalty and trust through personalized and high touch customer interactions that often feature strong one to one relationships. The Company's digital and multi-channel sales model drives customer acquisition and with rigorous vetting we are able to identify opportunities for product category expansion, particularly private brand products. Category expansion with our customers drives repeat orders and increases their annual and average spend. We maximize customer satisfaction and loyalty by coupling close customer relationships with product expertise, efficient and competitive fulfillment and delivery and exceptional customer service. 

WE CAN SUPPLY THAT 
 
 Products 
 
 Our broad product offering and focus on responsiveness to our customers is captured in our promise We Can Supply That . We offer our customers a competitive assortment of leading products and services, a sales force with deep product knowledge and expertise, and timely and relative industry and product content via The Knowledge Center . Our go to market strategy also focuses on leveraging our deep product knowledge and experience by seeking to expand our higher margin private brand line of Global products by adding additional products and product categories. We have over one million brand name and private brand products available through our e-commerce sites and have access to over 1.7 million products in our database. We endeavor to expand and keep current the breadth of our product offerings to fulfill the increasingly wide range of product needs of our customers, and periodically remove certain products from our offering to improve efficiencies or to address vendor or market changes. Sourcing hard to find or non-standard product helps to differentiate our business from our competitors and we believe provides us with a competitive advantage. 
 
 The Company has focused on offering competitive pricing, high service levels, broad and deep product offering, extensive product and sales expertise, and most importantly a private brand offering that provides high quality with an attractive price point. Products generally are categorized within the following categories: storage and shelving, safety and security, carts and trucks, HVAC and fans, furniture and decor, material handling, janitorial and facility maintenance, workbenches and shop desks, tools and instruments, plumbing and pumps, office and school supplies, packaging and shipping, lighting and electrical, food service and retail, medical and laboratory, motors and power transmission, building supplies, machining, fasteners and hardware, vehicle maintenance, and raw materials. We have become a destination and trusted supplier of these products and continue to evaluate expansion within key end markets. 
 
 5 

Table o f Contents 

 Sales and Marketing 
 
 We market our products primarily to business customers, which include for-profit businesses, state, local, and private educational organizations and government entities including federal, state, and local municipalities. We have an established multi-faceted direct marketing system and customer life cycle marketing program which tends to begin with customer acquisition via keyword or branding search, supported by strategic account managers, leading e-commerce and account management tools, and deep pre and post sales product expertise which are intended to drive customer retention and penetration and to maximize sales. We continuously evaluate and adjust our marketing spend as well as the organization of our selling resources in order to best service our existing customers, as well as to optimize customer acquisition. 
 
 Relationship Marketers 
 
 Our relationship marketers focus their efforts on our business customers by establishing a personal relationship between such customers and a Global Industrial account manager. Our sales force is made up of wide range of broad based and specialized account managers including dedicated Public Sector Account Managers focusing on government, education, and other municipal customers, Commercial Account Managers focusing on business customers generally organized by end market or geography and Strategic Account Managers focusing on our most complex enterprise accounts. The sales force is supported by Business Development Representatives, Territory Sales Managers, and other Subject Matter Experts who support the end to end customer life cycle management. The goal of the relationship marketing sales force is to increase the purchasing productivity of current customers and to actively solicit newly targeted prospects to become customers. With access to the records we maintain, our relationship marketers are prompted with product suggestions to expand customer order values. We also have the ability to provide such customers with electronic data interchange EDI ordering and customized billing services, customer savings reports and stocking of specialty items specifically requested by these customers. Our relationship marketers efforts are supported by e-mail campaigns and periodic catalog mailings, both of which are designed to generate inbound telephone sales, and visits to our interactive websites, which allow customers to purchase products directly online. We believe that the integration of our multiple marketing methods enables us to more thoroughly penetrate our business, educational and government customer base. We believe increased internet exposure leads to more internet-related sales and also generates more inbound telephone sales; just as we believe email campaigns, and to a lesser extent catalog mailings, which feature our websites results in greater internet-related sales. 
 
 E-commerce 
 
 We currently operate multiple e-commerce sites, including: 
 
 www.globalindustrial.com www.globalindustrial.ca www.industrialsupplies.com 
 
 We are continually upgrading the capabilities and performance of these websites in our significant markets. In 2020 we enhanced our website for full ADA/508 compliance, expanded customer self service functions such as SMS notifications, added proactive notifications through Global Assist (order tracking on the web) and added the ability to create quotes and product reviews. In addition we have upgraded the look and functionality of our mobile site. In 2021, we launched a new search engine as well as reorganizing the full category hierarchy and taxonomy of our product offering in an effort to drive improved search, conversion rates, and overall user experience. In 2022, we launched a new e-commerce site designed to drive personalization to further improve the digital shopping experience. 
 
 Our internet sites feature over one million MRO and industrial and general business supplies. Our customers have around-the-clock, online access to purchase products and we have the ability to create targeted promotions for our customers interests. 
 
 In addition to our own e-commerce websites, we have partnering agreements with several of the largest internet shopping and search engine providers who feature our products on their websites or provide click-throughs from their sites directly to ours. These arrangements allow us to expand our customer base at an economical cost. 
 
 Signature Campaigns 
 
 We have realigned our marketing efforts, seasonal product offering, and go to market strategy around enterprise wide strategic marketing campaigns. In 2020, this began with the Restore, Return and Rebound signature campaign addressing customer 
 6 

Table o f Contents 

 needs for returning to operations post pandemic and then followed with a Ready, Set, Vaccinate campaign introduced to assist hospitals and other health agency customers prepare for administering vaccines to the public. We continued these campaigns into 2021 with our We Got This campaign which is aimed at helping our customers navigate the recent supply chain disruptions that have made sourcing key products more challenging. During 2022, we initiated our We Can Supply That branding campaign across our websites, emails, trade show, copy writing and our NASCAR sponsorship. We also repositioned our private brand offering as Global Industrial Exclusive Brands TM with the tag line Made to Exceed". 
 
 Catalogs 
 
 As the Company increased its focus on online and e-commerce advertising, marketing and sales activities over the years, the use of hard copy catalogs decreased as compared to earlier periods, but over the last several years, we have distributed a stable number of regular and specialty catalogs, postcards, and other physical mail and anticipate continuing to do so in the near term. 

Customer Service, Order Fulfillment and Support 
 
 Since 2019 we have launched several initiatives with our vendors and freight partners, and in our own distribution centers, to improve our customer s experience such as our Voice of the Customer initiative, involving phone and online surveys to obtain our customer s input on their experiences with us and our products to ensure we deliver on the promise, to better focus our sales, service and marketing efforts on our customers' needs and to target areas of improvement to enhance the overall customer experience. These efforts continued through 2021 when we further added additional improvements to the experience including offering 24x7 chat supported by both AI chatbots and live chats with our associates. 
 
 A growing proportion of our orders are received electronically via internet, extranet, EDI, customer punch out catalog, online chat, or through broadly utilizing vendor and customer portals such as Ariba or Coupa. These E-orders represented over 57 of our transaction count for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 56 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The balance of our orders are received by telephone to our inbound call center, direct dial to our inside account management team, placement through one of our field sales representatives, and to a small extent via fax. We generally provide toll-free telephone number access for our customers in countries where it is customary. Certain domestic call centers are linked to provide telephone backup in the event of a disruption in phone service. 
 
 The Company utilizes a sourcing strategy encompassing sales of in stock items that are either national brand, private brand, and to a limited extent via brand licensing agreements, as well as supplementing its stocking strategy with product fulfilled directly by our vendor partners via a drop ship relationship. In stock items tend to be higher in velocity, higher in gross margin, and offer a higher service level to our customers. In stock items are distributed via a network of five large distribution centers in the U.S. located in the Northeast, Midwest, West, Southeast and South Central regions, one new large distribution facility in Canada and one additional smaller distribution facilities in Canada. Product deliveries to our customers are made through a nationwide network of common carriers that we contract with directly in order to establish and maintain high service levels and enhance operational efficiencies. We tend to stock items in our distribution center, and invest the requisite working capital in inventory position, after demonstrating sales volume success in the drop ship sales of that item effected through our suppliers. Orders are generally shipped by third-party delivery services and we maintain relationships with thousands of distributors and product vendors in the United States and Canada. 
 
 We maintain a database of commonly asked questions for our technical support representatives, enabling them to respond quickly to similar questions. We conduct regular on-site training seminars for our sales representatives to help ensure that they are well trained and informed regarding our latest product offerings. 

Suppliers 
 
 We purchase substantially all of our products and components directly from both large and small manufacturers as well as large wholesale distributors. No supplier accounted for 10 or more of our product purchases in 2022, 2021 and 2020. Most private brand products are manufactured by third parties to our specifications. 

Competition and Other Market Factors 
 
 Industrial Products 
 
 The market for the sale of industrial products in North America is highly fragmented and is characterized by multiple distribution channels such as small dealerships, direct mail distribution, internet-based resellers, large warehouse stores and retail outlets. We face competition from large diversified MRO distributors such as Uline Inc, Grainger Inc., MSC Industrial 
 7 

Table o f Contents 

 Direct Inc., Fastenal Inc., and other large retailers, including Amazon. We also face competition from manufacturers own sales representatives, who sell industrial equipment directly to customers, and from regional or local distributors. Many purchasers begin sourcing products via search engine or mobile application on desktops, laptops, or mobile devices. In the industrial products market, customer purchasing decisions are primarily based on price, product selection, product availability, level of service, access to open account terms, and convenience. We believe that direct marketing via sales representatives, the internet and catalogs are effective and convenient distribution methods to reach both our core small and mid-sized customer as well as large enterprises. Further we believe that our customer engagement approach allows for high levels of service to accounts that may purchase high volume capital or durable goods infrequently or that place many small orders for supplies and other consumables that require a wide selection of products. In addition, because the industrial products market is highly fragmented and generally less brand oriented, we believe it is well suited to private brand and white label products. 

Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed a total of approximately 1,650 associates, of whom 1,420 were in North America and 230 were in Asia. Approximately 39 of our associates are customer facing including customer service, quota bearing sales representatives, inbound call center representatives, and other pre and post sales management and support. Approximately 37 of our team members are employed within distribution, logistics, and fulfillment areas, while 24 of our associate base works within administrative functions including: IT, Marketing, Product Management, Human Resources, Accounting and Finance, Legal and Risk Management and general administrative and management roles. 
 
 Our worldwide workforce is made up of a diverse group of associates. In our most recent U.S. EEO-1 data, the associate demographic breakdown for individuals reporting was 44 female and 56 male and minorities constituted 55 of our workforce. We believe our diversity of associates is one of the Company s considerable strengths and that our demographics are consistent with our competitors in the sales and distribution space. Our employees are not subject to collective bargaining agreements. The Company has not experienced work stoppages and we believe relationships with our employees are good. 

Environment, Health and Safety: Government Regulation 
 
 Employee health and safety is a top priority for the Company. Our safety teams and local safety committees provide oversight, training, education and compliance guidance, as well as workers compensation remediation advice, to our management teams and directly to our workforce. Our Environmental Health and Safety group is responsible for overseeing product safety and compliance programs and initiatives including compliance with various EPA, FDA and hazmat regulations that apply to certain of the products we offer. 
 
 Under various national, state and local environmental laws and regulations in North America and Asia, a current or previous owner or operator (including the lessee) of real property may become liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous substances at such real property. Such laws and regulations often impose liability without regard to fault. We lease all of our facilities. In connection with such leases, we could be held liable for the costs of removal or remedial actions with respect to hazardous substances that escape into the environment. Although we have not been notified of, and are not otherwise aware of, any material real property environmental liability, claims or non-compliance, there can be no assurance that we will not be required to incur remediation or other costs in connection with real property environmental matters in the future. 

Seasonality 
 
 Seasonality does have some effect on the Company s sales. Certain product lines are highly seasonal in nature, including HVAC products, snow removal products and outdoor furniture and equipment. In addition, certain customer segment buying cycles, including those of education and government, may tend to be more seasonal than others. Given these trends, financial results tend to vary quarter to quarter with sales and operating margin in the second and third quarters moderately higher than those in the first and fourth quarters respectively. 
 8 

Table o f Contents 

 Discontinued operations 
 
 For information regarding certain discontinued operations and former lines of business, see Item 7, "Management's Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We maintain an internet website at https://investors.globalindustrial.com. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and make available free of charge on or through this website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, including all amendments to those reports, as well as any other materials filed with (or furnished to) the SEC. These are available as soon as is reasonably practicable after they are filed with the SEC. All reports mentioned above are also available from the SEC s website (www.sec.gov). The information on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has adopted the following corporate governance documents with respect to the Company (the Corporate Governance Documents ): 
 
 Corporate Ethics Policy for officers, directors and employees 
 Charter for the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 
 Charter for the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 
 Charter for the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines and Principles 
 Conflict Mineral Disclosure 
 
 In accordance with the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange, each of the Corporate Governance Documents is available on our Company website (https://investors.globalindustrial.com) under the heading "Governance-Governance Documents". 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 There are a number of factors and variables described below that may affect our future results of operations and financial condition. Other factors, of which we are currently not aware or that we currently deem immaterial, may also affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Risks Related to the Economy and Our Industries 
 
 General economic conditions, including those that can result in decreased customer confidence and spending, could result in our failure to achieve our historical sales growth rates and profit levels. Pandemics, such as the global coronavirus outbreak have and may in the future disrupt global supply chains, including those we rely on in China, which could materially adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Both we and our customers are subject to global political, economic and market conditions, including trade and tariff uncertainties, customer inventory levels in the marketplace, borrowing ability, economic conditions in the manufacturing and/or distribution industries, increases in inflation, interest rates, freight costs and energy costs, as well as the impact of natural disasters, military actions, wars, cyber-attacks, the threat of terrorism and global pandemics or other health crises. Our consolidated results of operations are directly affected by economic conditions in North America, and our supply chain for imported product is affected by conditions in Asia (particularly China). 
 
 In this regard, global supply chains and the timely availability of products, particularly products, or product components used in domestic manufacturing, imported from China and other Asian nations have been and could again be materially disrupted by quarantines, factory slowdowns or shutdowns, border closings, and travel restrictions resulting from the Covid-19 pandemic. These events have and may continue to result in imported products not being timely received and resultant delayed or lost sales. We depend to a significant extent on products imported from China for our private brand lines, and on domestic manufacturers who utilize components imported from Asia. While we have experienced lost sales due to the Covid-19 pandemic and are making efforts to secure satisfactory levels of inventory there can be no assurance that our supply chain will not experience further disruptions significant enough to adversely affect our operations. 
 9 

Table o f Contents 

We have in the past experienced a decline in sales as a result of poor economic conditions and the lack of visibility relating to future orders (as well as due to the other risks discussed below). Our results of operations depend upon, among other things, our ability to maintain and increase sales volumes with existing customers, our ability to limit price reductions and manage price increases, our ability to manage freight and shipping costs and maintain our margins, our ability to attract new customers and increase our market share, and the financial condition of our customers. A decline in the economy that adversely affects our customers, causing them to limit or defer their spending or that hampers their ability to pay for products would likely adversely affect our sales, prices and profitability as well. We cannot predict with any certainty whether we will be able to maintain or improve upon historical sales volumes with existing customers, maintain or grow our historical margins, and whether we will be able to attract new customers. 
 
 In response to economic and market conditions, from time to time we have undertaken initiatives to reduce our cost structure where appropriate, including workforce reductions. However, these actions may not be sufficient to meet current and future changes in economic and market conditions and allow us to continue to achieve the growth rates and levels of profitability we experienced in the past. 
 
 Geopolitical instability outside of the U.S. may adversely impact the U.S. and global economies. 
 
 Many economies have experienced, and continue to experience, geopolitical instability, financial turmoil, high unemployment, inflation and interest rates, and a significant depreciation of their local currencies. Policies of advanced economies have a profound effect on emerging markets, and ramifications of any trade war involving an advanced economy, like of that between the U.S. and China, could further contribute to the adverse economic and political conditions of emerging and developed economies. 
 
 We source a substantial portion of our products from manufacturers that are located in China. This concentration exposes us to risks associated with doing business globally, including changes in tariffs. The Office of the United States Trade Representative previously identified certain Chinese imported goods for additional tariffs to address China s trade policies and practices. These tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Additionally, the current administration has canceled tariff exclusions that provided tariff relief to certain products and has yet to signal whether it will reinstate such exclusions or further alter existing trade agreements and terms between China and the U.S., including limiting trade with China, adjusting the current tariffs on imports from China and potentially imposing other restrictions on exports from China to the U.S. Consequently, it is possible that tariffs may be imposed on products imported from foreign countries, including China, or that our business will be affected by retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries in response to existing or future tariffs. This may cause us to raise prices or make changes to our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine and the response of the international community has given rise to potential global security issues that may adversely affect international business and economic conditions. The short and long-term implications of the Russia-Ukraine conflict are difficult to predict at this time. The imposition of sanctions and counter sanctions may have an adverse effect on energy and economic markets generally and could result in an even greater impact related to global supply chain and energy prices. In addition, a prolonged war in Ukraine may have adverse impacts on cyber security, global supply chains, inflationary pressures and interest rates and engender volatility in commodities and other markets, any of which could negatively affect our business. The disruption to regional and global economies could have an enduring impact on regional and global economies, and consequently, a materially adverse impact on our operations and profitability. However, due to the highly uncertain and dynamic nature of these events, it is not currently possible to estimate with any reliable measure of certainty the impact of the Russia - Ukraine war on our business. 
 
 Adverse weather events or natural disasters, as well as pandemics such as the coronavirus, could negatively affect or disrupt our operations. We may be affected by global climate changes or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such potential change. 
 
 Certain areas in which we operate are susceptible to severe weather events, such as hurricanes, winter storms, tornadoes and floods, whether from climate change or otherwise, which can impact any of our locations as well as shipping ports and distribution centers. These events, as well as pandemics, have in the past and may in the future disrupt our locations and the supply chains dependent on such shipping ports and distribution centers. In this regard, we experienced product delivery and shipping delays due to the disrupted global product supply chains which affected our ability to timely receive and ship products, which could adversely impact sales. 
 
 10 

Table o f Contents 

 Our ability to provide efficient distribution of core business products from our third-party drop ship distribution centers is critical to our business strategy. Disruptions at distribution centers or shipping ports, or the unavailability of employees needed by us or third parties to operate key functions at such locations, has and in the future may affect our ability to both maintain core products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis, which may in turn adversely affect our results of operations. We cannot predict whether or to what extent damage caused by these events will affect our operations or the economies in regions where we operate. These adverse events could result in disruption of our operations, our purchasing or distribution capabilities, interruption of our business that exceeds our insurance coverage, our inability to collect from customers and increased operating costs. Our business or results of operations may be adversely affected by these and other negative effects of these events. 
 
 The imposition of tariffs and other trade barriers, as well as retaliatory trade measures, have caused us to raise the prices on certain of our products and seek alternate sources of supply, which could negatively impact our sales or disrupt our operations. 
 
 Our industry is subject to risks associated with U.S. and foreign laws relating to importing products, including quotas, duties, tariffs or taxes, as well as other charges or restrictions, which could adversely affect our ability to import products at desired cost or volume levels. 
 
 The United States has enacted three sets of tariffs on a variety of foreign sourced goods which have impacted a number of the private brand products we source directly from China as well as third-party branded products our U.S. suppliers source from China. We strategically increased prices in an effort to offset the incremental costs on certain products and shift certain products to alternative sources where available. Our use of alternate sources of supply, such as utilizing new vendors in additional countries, entails various risks, such as identifying, vetting and managing new business relationships, reliance on new vendors, maintaining quality control over their products, and protecting our intellectual property rights. 
 
 These tariffs have increased and will continue to increase our costs of procurement. If the Company is able to adequately review its supply chain and monitor sell prices in the market, and successfully work with suppliers to mitigate costs, the Company does not expect any material impact on its business from the tariff actions and continues to believe that any impact from the tariffs currently in effect will be gradual and not material to the business, although there can be no assurance that this will be the case. 
 
 There can also be no assurance that we will be able to effectively or expeditiously mitigate these trade challenges, which could disrupt our operations, negatively impact our sales and would have a material adverse effect on our financial results. However, we do not believe that we will be disproportionately impacted by these costs as compared to our competitors, and we will continue to evaluate marketplace conditions and implement other actions or strategies as the need arises. 
 
 Finally, we cannot predict whether additional U.S. and foreign customs quotas, duties (including anti-dumping or countervailing duties), tariffs, taxes or other charges or restrictions, requirements as to where raw materials must be purchased, additional workplace regulations or other restrictions on our imports will be imposed in the future and if so, what effect such actions would have on our costs of operations. 
 
 There is a highly competitive labor market for certain employees we hire, which can impact our growth plans. 
 
 Many of our competitors also compete with us for recruiting and retaining talented and experienced employees, particularly in markets where we and they have significant distribution facilities. We have also experienced high levels of turnover in our warehouse/distribution operations, consistent with current market conditions. This aspect of competition is aggravated by the current tight labor market in the U.S. for such jobs due to the continued impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to timely recruit, train and retain employees sufficient to support its growth strategies or will not have to incur increased compensation costs in order to do so. Our results of operations have been and in the future could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. In the event of significant numbers of employees having to miss work due to a widespread health situation or pandemic such as the coronavirus, we may not be able to quickly source replacement or temporary workers, which could adversely affect our operations, particularly in our distribution centers. 
 
 Our industry is evolving and consolidating, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 The MRO and industrial equipment industry are consolidating as customers are increasingly aware of the total costs of fulfillment and of the need to have consistent sources of supply at multiple locations. This consolidation has and will 
 11 

Table o f Contents 

 continue to cause the industry to become more competitive as greater economies of scale are achieved by competitors, or as competitors with new lower cost business models are able to operate with lower prices. 
 
 Volatility in commodity prices may adversely affect gross margins. 
 
 Some of our products contain significant amounts of commodity-priced materials, such as steel, copper, petroleum derivatives or rare earth minerals, and are subject to price changes based upon fluctuations in the commodities market. Fluctuations in the price of fuel could affect transportation costs. Our ability to pass on such increases in costs in a timely manner depends on market conditions. The inability to pass along cost increases could result in lower gross margins. In addition, higher prices could impact demand for these products, resulting in lower sales volumes. If commodity prices, including the price of oil, were to remain at elevated levels this could result in higher supply and transportation costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Events such as acts of war or terrorism, natural disasters, data security breaches, changes in law, or large losses could adversely affect our insurance coverage and insurance expense, resulting in an adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition. 
 
 We insure for certain property and casualty risks consisting primarily of physical loss to property, business interruptions resulting from property losses, worker s compensation, comprehensive general liability, and auto liability. Insurance coverage is obtained for catastrophic property and casualty exposures as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. Although we believe that our insurance coverage is reasonable, significant events such as acts of war and terrorism, economic conditions, data security breaches, judicial decisions, legislation, natural disasters and large losses could materially affect our insurance obligations and future expense. Furthermore, the occurrence of an uninsured significant event could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Under various national, state and local environmental laws and regulations in North America, a current or previous owner or operator (including the lessee) of real property may become liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous substance at such real property. Such laws and regulation often impose liability without regard to fault. We lease all of our facilities. In connection with such leases, we could be held liable for the costs of removal or remedial actions with respect to hazardous substances. Although we have not been notified of, and are not otherwise aware of, any material real property environmental liability, claim or non-compliance, there can be no assurance that we will not be required to incur remediation or other costs in connection with real property environmental matters in the future. If such costs were to prove material, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Company and our Business 
 
 Our ability to maintain capacity at and forecast the needs of our warehousing and distribution facilities can impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to maintain available capacity in our distribution operations for stocked inventory and to enable on time shipment and deliveries, such as by timely implementing additional distribution resources, whether in the form of expanded or additional temporary and permanent facilities we operate or by outsourcing certain functions to third-party distribution and logistics partners, is critical to our ability to service our growing business. If we do not accurately forecast our future warehousing and distribution center needs, and then timely plan, fund on budget, launch and efficiently operate new distribution resources and facilities when needed, our operations and financial results could be materially adversely impacted. In addition, expanding and/or enhancing our distribution network would have an adverse impact on operating expenses as a percentage of sales, inventory turnover, and working capital requirements in the periods prior to and for some time following the commencement of operations for each such expansion or enhancement. 
 
 We rely on third-party suppliers for our products and services. The loss or interruption of these relationships could impact our sales volumes, the levels of inventory we must carry, and/or result in sales delays and/or higher inventory costs from new suppliers. 
 
 We purchase a portion of our products from major distributors and directly from large manufacturers who may deliver those products directly to our customers drop ship ), as well as from smaller more regional vendors. These drop ship delivery relationships enable us to make available to our customers a wide selection of products without having to maintain 
 12 

Table o f Contents 

 large amounts of inventory. The termination or interruption of our relationships with any of these drop ship suppliers could materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 We purchase a number of our products, particularly private brand and white label products, from vendors located outside of the United States. Raw material costs used in our vendors products (steel, tungsten, etc.) and energy costs have significantly increased and may continue to increase, which has resulted and may continue to result in increased production costs for our vendors, which they seek to pass along to us. Difficulties encountered by one or several of these suppliers could halt or disrupt production and delay completion or cause the cancellation of our orders. Delays or interruptions in the transportation network could result in loss or delay of timely receipt of product required to fulfill customer orders. Our ability to find qualified vendors who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S. In this regard, in response to the tariffs imposed by the U.S. on goods imported from China, we are seeking alternative sources of supply, such as utilizing new vendors in additional countries, which entails various risks, such as identifying, vetting and managing new business relationships, reliance on these new vendors maintaining quality control over their products, and protecting our intellectual property rights. 
 
 Political or financial instability, merchandise quality issues, product safety concerns, trade restrictions, work stoppages, tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, transportation capacity and costs, inflation, civil unrest, war or other conflicts, outbreaks of pandemics and other factors are beyond our control. These and other issues affecting our vendors could materially adversely affect our revenue and gross profit. 

We rely on third-party suppliers for shipping and delivery services and managing the logistics of a distribution business can impact our results of operations and margins. 
 
 We face certain risks due to our reliance on common carrier delivery services for shipping inventoried merchandise to customers and our reliance on drop ship deliveries directly to customers by our product vendors for products we do not hold in inventory (such as freight cost increases, timely delivery and customer service, delays due to work stoppages, etc.). We also must effectively manage our ability to maintain available capacity in our distribution operations for stocked inventory and to enable on time shipment and deliveries, such as by timely implementing additional or alternative distribution resources, whether in the form of additional facilities we operate or by outsourcing certain functions to third-party distribution and logistics partners. 
 
 Increases in freight and shipping costs charged to us by third parties could adversely affect our margins to the extent the increases cannot be passed along to customers, and factors affecting the shipping and distribution of products imported to the United States by us or our domestic vendors, such as a shortage in global availability of shipping containers, port congestion and global logistical delays and pandemic related labor shortages, have in the past and could in the future adversely affect the timely availability of products, resulting in delayed or lost sales, as well as adversely affecting our margins. 
 
 The fuel costs of our independent freight companies have been volatile. Our vendors and independent freight carriers typically look to pass increased costs along to us through price increases. When we are forced to accept these price increases, we may not be able to pass them along to our customers, resulting in lower margins. 

Changes in our customer, product, vendor, sourcing or channel sales mix, or failure to execute on competitive pricing programs designed to increase market share and/or customer velocity, including the use of free or reduced freight incentives, could cause our gross margin and ultimately operating margins to decline; failure to mitigate these pressures could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our gross margins are dependent on variables such as customer, product and vendor mix, including sourcing and category, pricing strategies implemented to increase market share and customer velocity, including the use of free or other promotional freight plans and other variables, any or all of which could result in fluctuations or declines in our gross margins. D ecisions to drop ship rather than stock products in our distribution centers, decisions to offer private brand alternatives or branded offerings, price changes by manufacturers, and pricing actions taken in response to competitors, as well as a continuation of our customers shift to lower-priced products could also adversely affect our gross margins. 
 
 13 

Table o f Contents 

 We rely to a great extent on our information and telecommunications systems, and significant system failures or outages, or our failure to properly evaluate, upgrade or replace our systems, or the failure of our security/safety measures to protect our systems and websites, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We rely on a variety of information and telecommunications systems including internally developed software, third-party purchased software and third-party cloud-based software in order to manage our business, including our customer, vendor, employee, facilities, finance, management and corporate operations. Our success is dependent in large part on the accuracy and proper use of our information systems, including our telecommunications systems, which are utilized in all aspects of our business. To manage our growth, we need to continually evaluate the effectiveness and adequacy of our existing systems and procedures to ensure they are keeping pace with changes in our business. These systems, whether internally developed, purchased or cloud-based may need to be modified, upgraded or replaced from time to time. System modifications, upgrades or replacements involve costs as well as the risk of implementation delays and not operating as intended. We rely on third parties such as telecommunication carriers, internet service providers and our own employees to provide the technology services and expertise on which we depend. There are risks that third parties may incur outages or circumstances where they cannot provide the services we require as intended or that our employees do not have the expertise to remediate system outages or technical problems that may arise. We have experienced some delays and operational problems in implementing new IT systems in the past. We anticipate that we will regularly need to make capital expenditures to upgrade and modify our management information systems, including software and hardware, as we grow and the needs of our business change. We have disaster recovery systems and system backups are routinely done for certain critical systems, but not for every system. The occurrence of a significant system failure, electrical or telecommunications outages or our failure to ensure our IT employees are properly trained and technically proficient, or that our systems are adequate, effective and beneficial to our business, or our failure to expand or successfully implement new systems could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Use of Cloud-Based Systems and Infrastructure Provided by Third Parties Present Significant Risks to Our Business. 
 
 Certain of our operating systems and management information systems resources and storage reside on a leading cloud-based platform operated by a well-known third-party provider of technology services. This managed cloud-based platform is operated on a infrastructure as a service IAAS model. Accordingly, exposure to third-party service outages and data loss, or a failure of the network or loss of connectivity can adversely affect our business. In addition, since the data resides on the cloud, we and our customers are forced to rely on the physical and information security of the vendor to protect their valuable information. There can be no assurance that the cloud-based systems on which we rely will not experience such outages or failures or that data privacy/information security will not be breached. 
 
 Data and security breaches, and other disruptions in our information technology systems, could compromise confidential or private information and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer . 
 
 Our operations are dependent upon information technology that encompasses all of our major business functions. We use our information systems to, among other things, monitor our supply chain, make purchasing decisions, manage and replenish inventories, coordinate our sales and marketing activities, fill and ship customer orders on a timely basis and to monitor and record our financial transactions and results of operations. These systems also process, transmit and store sensitive electronic data, including employee personal information, supplier and customer records, allow vendors and customers to register on our portals and websites, as applicable, or otherwise allow third parties to communicate or interact with us. In addition, we depend on IT systems of third parties, to, among other things, market and distribute products, to operate our websites, host and manage our services, store data, and process transactions. We may share information with these third parties that participate in certain aspects of our business, and we obtain external auditor certification on the controls and security of any significant outsourced service provider according to the SSAE 18 standard. However, there is always a risk that the confidentiality of data held or accessed by them may be compromised. 
 
 In processing our sales orders, we often collect personal information and transmit credit card information of our customers. If there was a security breach resulting in unauthorized access to or use of such information, we could be subject to claims for identity theft, unauthorized purchases and claims alleging misrepresentation of our privacy and data security practices or other related claims. While the Company believes it conforms to appropriate Payment Card Industry PCI security standards, any breach involving the loss of credit card information may lead to significant PCI related fines. In the event of a severe breach, credit card providers may prevent our accepting of credit cards. 
 
 We measure our data security effectiveness through industry accepted methods and remediate significant findings. We maintain and routinely test backup systems and disaster recovery, along with external network security penetration testing by an independent third-party as part of our business continuity preparedness. We also have processes in place to prevent 
 14 

Table o f Contents 

 disruptions resulting from the implementation of new software and systems of the latest technology. We have implemented solutions, processes, and procedures to help mitigate the risk of cyber-attacks, such as conducting annual vulnerability testing, identifying remediation initiatives and establishing emergency response plans, but there can be no assurance these efforts will successfully deter future cyber-attacks. Our Board of Directors is responsible for oversight of the activities of our IT department (which reports to our Chief Executive Officer) and receives periodic presentations from our Chief Information Officer that cover, among other things, data security and cyber liability matters. 
 
 Although our IT systems are protected through various network security measures, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers with which we do business, may nevertheless be vulnerable to security breaches, cyber-attacks (any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources) vandalism, power outages, natural disasters, computer system failures, telecommunication or network failures, computer viruses, malware, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. From time to time, we have experienced efforts by unknown persons, including bots , to access or breach our information systems, and these efforts can be expected to continue in the future. Furthermore, the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia, and the potential for retaliatory acts of cyberwarfare from Russia against U.S. companies in response to increasing sanctions on Russia could result in increased cyber-attacks against us. While we have successfully defended against such efforts in the past, there can be no assurance we will be able to protect sensitive data and/or the integrity of the Company's information systems and to defend against such efforts in the future. 
 
 Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of our confidential information or confidential information of our customers, employees, or suppliers, whether by us or by our third-party service providers, could disrupt our business, expose us to risks of litigation (such as customer or third-party claims that their data has been compromised) and liability, result in a loss of assets or cause reputational damage, and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. Any substantial disruption of our systems could impair our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, manage customer billings and collections, prepare and present accurate financial statements and related information, and otherwise materially adversely affect our ability to manage our business. 
 
 We maintain cyber liability risk insurance, but this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses from any future breaches of our systems, or to cover the cause of the future specific situation/loss at hand. In addition, as privacy and information security laws and standards evolve, we may need to incur significant additional investment in technology and other processes to meet new legal requirements. 
 
 Our foreign product procurement operations are subject to risks such as foreign regulatory trade and customs requirements such as the tariffs and duties matters discussed above, and the political and economic conditions of the jurisdictions from which we procure products. 
 
 Because we sell products all across North America and procure product from abroad, including from China, we operate internationally and as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally, such as risks related to the differing legal, political and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many jurisdictions. Risks inherent to operating internationally include: 
 
 Changes in a country s economic or political conditions; 
 Tariff and trade uncertainties; 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 Difficulties with staffing and managing international relationships; 
 Unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 
 Changes in transportation and shipping costs; and 
 Enforcement of intellectual property rights. 
 
 The functional currencies of our businesses outside of the U.S. are the local currencies. Changes in exchange rates between these foreign currencies and the U.S. Dollar will affect the recorded levels of our assets, liabilities, net sales, cost of goods sold and operating margins and could result in exchange gains or losses. The primary currencies to which we have exposure are the Canadian Dollar and the Indian Rupee. Our operating results and profitability may be affected by any volatility in currency exchange rates and our ability to manage effectively our currency transaction and translation risks. For example, we currently have operations located in countries outside the United States, and non-U.S. sales accounted for approximately 6.2 of our net sales from continuing operations during 2022. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, our foreign revenues and profits will be reduced when translated into U.S. dollars. 
 
 15 

Table o f Contents 

 We are exposed to various inventory risks, such as being unable to profitably resell excess or obsolete inventory and/or the loss of product return from our vendors; such events could lower our gross margins or result in inventory write-downs that would reduce reported future earnings. 
 
 Our inventory is subject to risk due to changes in market demand for particular products. If we fail to manage our inventory of older products we may have excess or obsolete inventory. We may have limited rights to return purchases to certain suppliers. The elimination of purchase return privileges could lower our gross margin or result in inventory write-downs. 
 
 We also take advantage of attractive product pricing by making opportunistic bulk inventory purchases; any resulting excess and/or obsolete inventory that we are not able to re-sell could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Any inability to make such bulk inventory purchases may significantly impact our sales and profitability. 
 
 Concentration of Ownership and Control Limits Stockholders Ability to Influence Corporate Actions. 
 
 Richard Leeds, Robert Leeds, and Bruce Leeds (each are brothers and directors and executive officers of the Company), together with trusts for the benefit of certain members of their respective families and other entities controlled by them, control approximately 66.4 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. Due to such holdings, the Leeds brothers together with these trusts and entities are able to determine the outcome of virtually all matters submitted to stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, the appointment of management, amendment of our articles of incorporation, significant corporate transactions (such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets), the payments of dividends on our common stock and the entering into of extraordinary transactions. Under NYSE rules, as a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain NYSE corporate governance standards, including the requirements (1) that a majority of its board of directors consist of independent directors, (2) that its board of directors have a compensation committee that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities and (3) that its board of directors have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities. As a "controlled company", the Company has elected to opt-out of the first of these. The Company does however currently have an independent Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. 
 
 Risk of Thin Trading and Volatility of our Common Stock Could Impact Stockholder Value 
 
 Our common stock is currently listed on the NYSE and is thinly traded. Volatility of thinly traded stocks is typically higher than the volatility of more liquid stocks with higher trading volumes. The trading of relatively small quantities of shares of common stock by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction. This may result in volatility in our stock price and could exacerbate the other volatility-inducing factors described below. The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations as a result of being thinly traded. 
 
 Goodwill and intangible assets may become impaired resulting in a charge to earnings. 
 
 The Company has made acquisitions in the past and these acquisitions resulted in the recording of significant intangible assets and/or goodwill. We are required to test goodwill and intangible assets annually to determine if the carrying values of these assets are impaired or on a more frequent basis if indicators of impairment exist. If any of our goodwill or intangible assets are determined to be impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in the period during which the impairment is discovered. Although the carrying amounts of intangible assets and goodwill are relatively small as of December 31, 2022, to the extent the Company makes acquisitions in the future there could again be material amounts of such assets recorded and subject to future impairment testing. 
 
 Our business is dependent on certain key personnel, including the recent engagement of new senior executives. 
 
 Our business depends largely on the efforts and abilities of certain key senior management employees. Recruiting and retaining qualified personnel is and will continue to be critical to our success. Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with sufficient skills and experience required to successfully run our business. We may be unable to hire, train, retain, or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the intense competition among numerous companies for similar personnel. Our inability to attract and retain such personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 16 

Table o f Contents 

 We are subject to litigation risk due to the nature of our business, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and business. 
 
 From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. These include patent, trademark or other intellectual property matters, employment law matters, states sales tax claims on internet/e-commerce transactions, product liability, commercial disputes, consumer sales practices, or other matters. In addition, as a public company we could from time to time face claims relating to corporate or securities law matters. The defense and/or outcome of such lawsuits or proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business. See Legal Proceedings . 
 
 We exited our France business in 2018 and our North American Technology Products Group ("NATG") business in 2015 and could incur costs in excess of our estimated exit expenses. 
 
 The Company has completed the wind-down activities related to the sale of the France business, but may incur additional charges related to statutory tax and other indemnities given at closing. The Company has substantially completed the wind-down activities related to the NATG business, although certain NATG activities related to sublet facilities continue. The Company expects that total additional NATG exit costs incurred during 2023 or later may aggregate up to 0.5 million, which will be presented in discontinued operations. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to timely exit its existing NATG lease commitments at currently recorded cost levels. Failure to achieve these expectations will result in increased cash exit costs for the Company. 
 
 We may encounter difficulties with acquisitions and other strategic transactions which could harm our business. 
 
 We expect to pursue acquisitions and other strategic transactions that we believe will either expand or complement our business in new or existing markets or further enhance the value and offerings we are able to provide to our existing or future potential customers. 
 
 Acquisitions and other strategic transactions involve numerous risks and challenges, including the following: 
 
 diversion of management s attention from the normal operation of our business; 
 potential loss of key associates and customers of the acquired companies; 
 difficulties managing and integrating operations in geographically dispersed locations; 
 the potential for deficiencies in internal controls at acquired companies; 
 increases in our expenses and working capital requirements, which reduce our return on invested capital; 
 lack of experience operating in the geographic market or industry sector of the acquired business; and 
 exposure to unanticipated liabilities of acquired companies. 
 
 To integrate acquired businesses, we must implement our management information systems, operating systems and internal controls, and assimilate and manage the personnel of the acquired operations. The difficulties of this integration may be further complicated by geographic distances. The integration of acquired businesses may not be successful may take longer or be more difficult, time-consuming or costly to accomplish than anticipated and could result in disruption to other parts of our business. These and other factors could harm our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability at acquired operations or realize other anticipated benefits of an acquisition, and could adversely affect our consolidated business and operating results and could result in disruption to other parts of our business. 
 
 Our operations are subject to the effects of a rising rate of inflation. 
 
 The United States has recently experienced historically high levels of inflation. According to the U.S. Department of Labor, the annual inflation rate for the United States was approximately 6.5 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Inflationary pressures have increased our costs, including for those for transportation and labor. To the extent we are unable to offset these cost increases through higher prices or other measures, our operating results may be adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in accounting standards or practices, as well as new accounting pronouncements or interpretations, may require us to account for and report our financial results in a different manner in the future, which may be less favorable than the manner used historically. 
 
 17 

Table o f Contents 

 A change in accounting standards or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results of operations. New accounting pronouncements and interpretations of existing accounting rules and practices have occurred and may occur in the future. Changes to existing rules may adversely affect our reported financial results. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 We operate our business from numerous facilities in North America and Asia. These facilities include our headquarters location, administrative offices, telephone call centers and distribution centers. Certain facilities handle multiple functions. All of our facilities are leased. 
 
 North Americ a 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have seven operational distribution centers in North America which aggregate approximately 2.7 million square feet of space. The Company has sublet certain office and warehouse distribution space in Canada, which aggregates to approximately 212,000 square feet. 
 
 Our headquarters, administrative offices and call centers aggregate approximately 194,000 square feet of space. 
 
 The Company has one business to business call center and one warehouse from its discontinued NATG business that are sublet. These properties aggregate to approximately 0.4 million square feet of space. 
 
 Asia 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 we leased three administrative offices in Asia aggregating approximately 16,300 square feet of space. 
 
 Please refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about leased properties. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 For a description of the Company's legal proceedings, see Note 15, Commitments, Contingencies and Other Matters, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 18 

Table o f Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Global Industrial's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol GIC. The following table sets forth the high and low closing sales price for the common stock and the dividends declared per share for each quarter during 2022 and 2021. 
 High Low Dividends 2022 First Quarter 40.56 29.25 0.18 Second Quarter 36.28 30.46 0.18 Third Quarter 36.29 26.38 0.18 Fourth Quarter 31.74 22.54 0.18 2021 First Quarter 44.96 35.36 0.16 Second Quarter 45.72 32.62 0.16 Third Quarter 40.10 34.61 0.16 Fourth Quarter 44.82 37.75 1.16 
 
 On December 31, 2022, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the NYSE was 23.53 per share. As of December 31, 2022, we had 165 shareholders of record. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company's Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of 0.20 per share to common stock shareholders of record at the close of business on March 6, 2023, payable on March 13, 2023. 
 
 Depending in part upon profitability, the strength of our balance sheet, our cash position and the need to retain cash for the development and expansion of our business, we anticipate continuing a regular quarterly dividend in the future, subject to availability limitations under our credit facilities. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans and a performance graph relating to the Company s common stock is set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 In July 2018, the Company's Board of Director's approved a share repurchase program with a repurchase authorization of up to two million shares of the Company's common stock. Under the share repurchase program, the Company is authorized to purchase shares from time to time through open market purchases, tender offerings or negotiated purchases, subject to market conditions and other factors. 
 
 During 2022 and 2021, no shares were repurchased. During 2020, the Company repurchased 392,337 common shares for 7.2 million under its share repurchase authorization. The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the program total approximately 1,375,000. 

Item 6. Reserved 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Overview 
 
 19 

Table o f Contents 

 Global Industrial Company, through its subsidiaries, is a value-added industrial distributor of more than one million industrial and maintenance, repair and operation ("MRO") products in North America going to market through a system of branded e-commerce websites and relationship marketers. 

Continuing Operations 
 
 The Company sells a wide array of industrial and MRO products, which are marketed in North America. These industrial and MRO products are manufactured by other companies. Some products are manufactured for us and sold as a white label product, and some are manufactured to our own design and marketed as private brand products under the trademarks: Global , GlobalIndustrial.com , Nexel , Paramount and Interion . 
 
 Discontinued Operations 
 
 The Company's discontinued operations include the results of the North American Technology Group ("NATG") business sold in December 2015 (see Note 1 and Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 
 Operating Conditions 
 
 The North American industrial products market is highly fragmented and we compete against numerous competitors in multiple distribution channels. Industrial products distribution is working capital intensive, requiring us to incur significant costs associated with the warehousing of many products, including the costs of maintaining inventory, leasing warehouse space, inventory management systems and employing personnel to perform the associated tasks. We supplement our on-hand product availability by maintaining relationships with major distributors and manufacturers, utilizing a combination of stock and drop-shipment fulfillment. 
 
 The primary component of our operating expenses historically has been employee-related costs, which includes items such as wages, commissions, bonuses, employee benefits and equity-based compensation, as well as marketing expenses, primarily comprised of digital marketing spend, and occupancy related charges associated with our leased distribution and call center facilities. We continually assess our operations to ensure that they are efficient, aligned with market conditions and responsive to customer needs. 
 
 The discussion of our results of operations and financial condition that follows will provide information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the factors that we believe may affect our future results and financial condition as well as information about how certain accounting policies and estimates affect the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company has elected to omit discussion of the earliest year presented, December 31, 2020, in MD A. This discussion can be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 17, 2022. 
 
 Business Outlook 
 
 As we enter 2023, while uncertainty remains in the economic outlook, the Company is cautiously optimistic and excited by the opportunities we see for growth including our ability to attract new enterprise customers, penetrate new vertical markets including healthcare and hospitality, expand our Global Industrial Exclusive Brands TM products and deliver an innovative and personalized e-commerce experience. 

20 

Table o f Contents 

Highlights from 2022 vs. 2021 
 The following discussion of our results of operations and financial condition will provide information that will assist in understanding our financial statements and information about how certain accounting principles and estimates affect the consolidated financial statements. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included herein. 
 
 Consolidated sales increased 9.7 to 1.17 billion in U.S. dollars compared to 1.06 billion last year. Sales increased 9.3 on an average daily sales basis. Average daily sales is calculated based upon the number of selling days in each period, with Canadian sales converted to US dollars using the current year's average exchange rate. 
 Consolidated operating income increased 19.5 to 105.2 million compared to 88.0 million last year. 
 Net income per diluted share from continuing operations increased 10.9 to 2.04 compared to 1.84 last year. 

21 

Table o f Contents 

Results of Operations (1) 
 
 Key Performance Indicators (in millions): 
 Years Ended December 31 Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Results of continuing operations: Consolidated net sales 1,166.1 1,063.1 9.7 Consolidated gross profit 421.2 374.3 12.5 Consolidated gross margin 36.1 35.2 0.9 Consolidated SD A costs 316.0 286.3 10.4 Consolidated SD A costs as of sales 
 27.1 26.9 0.2 Consolidated operating income 105.2 88.0 19.5 Consolidated operating margin from continuing operations: 9.0 8.3 0.7 Effective income tax rate 24.8 20.0 4.8 Net income from continuing operations 78.1 70.1 11.4 Net margin from continuing operations 6.7 6.6 0.1 Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax 0.7 33.2 (97.9) 
 
 1 Global Industrial Company manages its business and reports using a 52-53 week fiscal year that ends at midnight on the Saturday closest to December 31. For clarity of presentation, fiscal years are described as if they ended on the last day of the respective calendar month. Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 ended on December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. The fiscal years ended 2022 and 2021 included 52 weeks. 
 
 Average daily sales is calculated based upon the number of selling days in each period, with Canadian sales converted to US dollars using the current year's average exchange rate. There were 254 selling days in the U.S. in 2022 compared to 253 selling days in 2021 and 251 selling days in Canada in 2022 compared to 250 selling days in 2021. 

22 

Table o f Contents 

 Management s discussion and analysis that follows will include current operations and discontinued operations. 
 
 NET SALES 
 
 The Company's net sales increased 9.7 to 1.17 billion compared to 1.06 billion in 2021. The Company's sales reflect a leading performance by our managed sales group and our private brand offering continuing to increase as a percentage of total sales. Our private brand offering was an area of focus and opportunity during 2022 and for the year it represented approximately 50 of total sales. U.S. sales increased 10.1 compared to 2021 and Canada sales, in local currency, were up 7.7 . In USD, Canada sales increased 3.8 . Consolidated sales increased 9.3 on an average daily sales basis compared to 2021. 
 
 In 2022 sales grew by double digits during the first half of the year and growth moderated in the second half of the year as the Company experienced a softened demand environment and as the benefit of price increases that started in the third quarter of 2021 were lapped and largely waned. Overall, we perceive customers to be guarded in their buying decisions and the pricing environment remaining competitive. In the fourth quarter of 2022 revenue was down 0.6 as compared to the same period in 2021 and we have seen a continuation of this trend into the start of 2023. 
 
 GROSS MARGIN 
 
 Gross margin is dependent on variables such as product mix including sourcing and category, competition, pricing strategy, vendor volume rebates, freight pricing decisions including the use of free or other promotional freight plans, freight cost inflation including both domestic outbound freight as well as international inbound ocean freight, inventory valuation and obsolescence and other variables, any or all of which may result in fluctuations in gross margin. The Company expects to see continued margin variability due to the current economic environment, inflationary pressures on both transportation and raw material costs, pricing pressures caused by inflated inventory levels and historical seasonality. 
 
 Gross margin was 36.1 compared to 35.2 in the prior year primarily driven by normalization of freight margins as compared to the transitory costs incurred in 2021 related to the transition to a new less-than-truckload ("LTL") freight partner, partially offset by increased freight fuel surcharges as well as increased accessorial charges that were incurred in 2022. Other contributing factors to our increased gross margin include higher margin private brands capturing a larger share of our sales mix and a reduction in inventory adjustments in 2022 as compared to 2021 which included a write-down of certain personal protective equipment ("PPE") products. 
 
 Maintaining our margin profile remains a key focus for the Company. We have seen some early benefits from lower ocean supply chain costs; however we expect variability throughout 2023 as we work through select inventory with higher total landed costs and manage a dynamic pricing environment. 
 
 SELLING, DISTRIBUTION AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES SD A 
 
 Selling, distribution and administrative expenses totaled 316.0 million and 286.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 SD A costs as a percentage of sales increased in 2022 compared to 2021 by 20 basis points. This increased SD A reflects increased marketing investment to support both core and private brand product lines, growth initiatives, as well as increased distribution center compensation. Significant cost increases related to increased salary and other related costs of approximately 13.6 million, of which approximately 4.4 million related to higher variable incentive and equity compensation expenses related to the Company's financial performance and increased sales commissions of approximately 1.8 million due to the growth in sales. Other cost increases were related to our increased net marketing investment of approximately 7.2 million, costs of our new Canadian distribution center of approximately 2.2 million, increased consulting and professional fees of approximately 1.1 million related to the continued investment in upgrading and expanding our technological capabilities, specifically our e-commerce shopping experience and sales force productivity. 
 
 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 
 The Company's discontinued operations include the results of the NATG businesses sold in December 2015 (see Note 1 and Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 
 During 2022, the Company recorded net income in its discontinued operations of approximately 0.7 million primarily related to the resolution of certain liabilities. 
 23 

Table o f Contents 

During 2021, the Company recorded net income in its discontinued operations of approximately 33.2 million primarily related to the resolution of certain liabilities and restitution receipts offset by related professional fees and the provision for income taxes. 
 
 OPERATING MARGIN 
 
 The Company's operating margin increased 70 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, driven by improved gross margin that resulted primarily from the product mix shift to in stock and private brand products and efficiencies in our marketing efforts. Operating margin in 2021 was negatively impacted by PPE inventory write downs of approximately 3.5 million and continued freight pricing pressures. 
 
 INTEREST AND OTHER EXPENSE, NET 
 
 Interest and other expense, net from continuing operations was 1.1 million for 2022 and 0.1 million in 2021. Increased costs in 2022 reflect the increased loan balances year over year and higher interest rate environment. The Company also recorded foreign exchange losses of approximately 0.3 million in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 INCOME TAXES 
 
 The Company recorded net tax expense in continuing operations for 2022 of 25.7 million, or 24.8 , and a net tax expense in discontinued operations of 0.2 million. Tax expense from continuing operations was primarily the result of pretax income in the U.S. and India operations, including tax expense for certain U.S. states. Non-deductible expenses, including executive compensation, was approximately 3.0 million. Tax expense in discontinued operations is attributed to pretax income recorded in the discontinued North American Technology Products Group business. 
 
 The Company recorded net tax expense in continuing operations for 2021 of 17.5 million, or 20.0 , and a net tax expense in discontinued operations of 10.7 million. Tax expense from continuing operations was primarily the result of pretax income in the U.S. and India operations, including tax expense for certain U.S. states. The tax rate was benefited by the reversal of valuation allowances against the Company's Canadian net operating loss carryforward and other deferred tax assets of approximately 3.4 million, as the Company believed it was more likely than not that all of the net operating losses of the Canadian subsidiary would be utilized. Tax expense from continuing operations was also benefited by approximately 0.8 million of stock option exercises. Non-deductible expenses, including executive compensation, was approximately 0.4 million. Tax expense in discontinued operations is attributed to pretax income recorded in the discontinued North American Technology Products Group business. 
 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Selected liquidity data (in millions): 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Change Cash and cash equivalents 28.5 15.4 13.1 Accounts receivable, net 108.0 106.8 1.2 Inventories 179.4 172.8 6.6 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 9.8 6.4 3.4 Accounts payable 96.9 114.4 (17.5) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 43.2 50.5 (7.3) Short-term debt 0.6 4.5 (3.9) Operating lease liabilities 12.4 10.5 1.9 Working capital 172.6 121.5 51.1 

24 

Table o f Contents 

 Historical Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 49.8 47.6 Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations 0.4 2.2 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations (7.1) (3.4) Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations (29.7) (55.0) Effects of exchange rates on cash (0.3) 0.0 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 13.1 (8.6) 
 
 Our primary liquidity needs are to support working capital requirements in our business, including inflationary cost pressures within inventory, funding recently declared and any future dividends, funding capital expenditures and inventory purchases related to our new distribution center in Canada, debt repayment, continuing investment in upgrading and expanding our technological capabilities and information technology infrastructure specifically related to our e-commerce shopping experience, sales force productivity and automation, continuing investment in upgrading and expanding our distribution footprint and funding acquisitions. We rely principally upon operating cash flows to meet these needs. We currently believe that current cash on hand, cash flow from operations and our availability under our credit facility will be sufficient to fund our working capital and other cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. We believe our current capital structure and cash resources are adequate for our internal growth initiatives. To the extent our growth initiatives expand, including major acquisitions, we would seek to raise additional capital. We believe that, if needed, we can access public or private funding alternatives to raise additional capital. 
 
 Our working capital increased 51.1 million primarily related to increased inventory balances and lower accounts payable and accrued expense balances. Our inventory balance increase is primarily associated with increased cost of capitalized freight associated with increased costs of inbound ocean freight, as well as an expansion of safety stock levels. Accounts receivable days outstanding were 38.3 in 2022 compared to 38.0 in 2021. Inventory turns were 3.8 in 2022 compared to 4.7 in 2021 and accounts payable days outstanding were 56.6 in 2022 compared to 69.1 in 2021. We expect that future accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable balances will fluctuate with net sales and the product mix of our net sales. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was 49.8 million attributable to cash generated from net income adjusted by other non-cash items which provided 88.0 million in 2022 compared to 76.3 million provided by these items in 2021. This increase is primarily related to the higher net income from continuing operations in 2022 compared to 2021, the deferred tax benefit recognized in 2021 and the increased equity compensation expense incurred during 2022 due to the Company's improved financial performance. Offsetting this increase are the changes in our working capital accounts, which used 38.2 million in cash compared 28.7 million used in 2021, primarily the result of changes in the inventory, accounts payable, income taxes and accounts receivable balances. Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations was 0.4 million and 2.2 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations totaled 7.1 million and 3.4 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, investing activities was used for warehouse machinery and equipment, primarily related to our new Canadian distribution center, leasehold improvements, computer equipment and software. In 2021, investing activities was used primarily for warehouse machinery and equipment related to our New Jersey distribution center and for other distribution centers, as well as, leasehold improvements. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 29.7 million and 55.0 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, net cash used in financing activities primarily related to the regular quarterly dividend of 0.18 per common share which totaled approximately 27.6 million and net repayments of short-term borrowings of 3.9 million. Offsetting these payments, were proceeds from the issuance of common stock from stock option exercises, net of payments for payroll taxes through shares withheld, totaled 0.4 million and proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our employee stock purchase plan totaled 1.4 million. In 2021, net cash used in financing activities primarily related to the special dividend and regular quarterly 
 25 

Table o f Contents 

 dividends, which totaled approximately 62.5 million. During 2021, the Company had net borrowings under its credit facility of approximately 4.5 million and proceeds from the issuance of common stock from stock option exercises, net of payments for payroll taxes through shares withheld, which totaled 1.9 million. Proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our employee stock purchase plan totaled 1.1 million. 
 
 In November 2022, the Company, amended its credit agreement to increase its existing 75.0 million secured revolving credit facility to 125.0 million. This credit facility is with one financial institution which has a five-year term, maturing on October 19, 2026 and provides for borrowings in the United States. The credit agreement contains certain operating, financial and other covenants, including limits on annual levels of capital expenditures, availability tests related to payments of dividends and stock repurchases and fixed charge coverage tests related to acquisitions. The revolving credit agreement requires that a minimum level of availability be maintained. If such availability is not maintained, the Company will be required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined). The borrowings under the agreement are subject to borrowing base limitations of up to 85 of eligible accounts receivable and the inventory advance rate computed as the lesser of 65 (previously 60 or 85 of the net orderly liquidation value NOLV ). Borrowings are secured by substantially all of the Borrower s assets, as defined, including all accounts, accounts receivable, inventory and certain other assets, subject to limited exceptions, including the exclusion of certain foreign assets from the collateral. The interest rate under the amended and restated facility is computed at applicable market rates based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York NYFRB or the Prime Rate, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin varies based on borrowing base availability. As of December 31, 2022, eligible collateral under the credit agreement was 116.4 million, total availability was 113.7 million, total outstanding letters of credit was 1.4 million, total outstanding borrowings was 0.6 million and total excess availability was 111.7 million. The Company was in compliance with all of the covenants of the credit agreement in place as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Levels of earnings and cash flows are dependent on factors such as consolidated gross margin and selling, distribution and administrative costs, product mix and relative levels of domestic and foreign sales. Unusual gains or expense items, such as special (gains) charges and settlements, may impact earnings and are separately disclosed. We expect that past performance may not be indicative of future performance due to the competitive nature of our business segments where the need to adjust prices to gain or hold market share is prevalent. 
 
 Macroeconomic conditions, such as business and consumer sentiment, may affect our revenues, cash flows or financial condition. However, we do not believe that there is a direct correlation between any specific macroeconomic indicator and our revenues, cash flows or financial condition. We are not currently interest rate sensitive, as we have minimal debt. 
 
 The expenses and capital expenditures described above will require significant levels of liquidity, which we believe can be adequately funded from our currently available cash resources, cash flow from operations and borrowing under our current credit facility. In 2023 we anticipate capital expenditures to be in the range of 6.0 to 8.0 million, though at this time we are not contractually committed to incur these expenditures. 
 
 In the past we have engaged in opportunistic acquisitions, choosing to pay the purchase price in cash, and may do so in the future as favorable situations arise. However, a deep and prolonged period of reduced business spending could adversely impact our cash resources and force us to either forego future acquisition opportunities or to pay the purchase price using stock, debt or a combination of consideration which could have an adverse effect on our earnings. We believe that our cash balances and future cash flows from operations and availability under our credit facility will be sufficient to fund our working capital and other cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
 
 We maintain our cash and cash equivalents in money market funds or their equivalent that have maturities of less than three months and in non-interest bearing accounts that partially offset banking fees. As of December 31, 2022, we had no investments with maturities of greater than three months. Accordingly, we do not believe that our cash balances have significant exposure to interest rate risk. At December 31, 2022 cash balances held in foreign subsidiaries totaled approximately 3.1 million. These balances are held in local country banks and are held primarily to support local working capital needs. The Company had in excess of 137 million of liquidity (cash and an undrawn line of credit) in the U.S. as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 
 We are obligated under non-cancelable operating leases for the rental of our facilities and certain of our equipment which expires at various dates through 2032. As of December 31, 2022 we were obligated for approximately 128.2 million under these non-cancelable operating leases. In 2023 we anticipate cash expenditures of approximately 17.7 million for these operating leases. We have sublease agreements for unused space, as well as excess space in facilities we are currently 
 26 

Table o f Contents 

 occupying, in the United States and Canada. In the event the sub lessee is unable to fulfill its obligations, we would be responsible for remaining rents due under the leases. 
 
 Our purchase and other obligations consist primarily of purchase commitments for certain employment, consulting and service agreements. As of December 31, 2022 we were obligated for approximately 31.7 million under these commitments. In 2023 we anticipate cash expenditures of approximately 7.9 million related to these commitments. In addition to the previously mentioned commitments, we had 1.4 million of standby letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We are party to certain litigation, the outcome of which we believe, based on discussions with legal counsel, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Tax contingencies are related to uncertain tax positions taken on income tax returns that may result in additional tax, interest and penalties being paid to taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no material uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Discontinued Operations 
 
 The Company's discontinued operations include the former North American Technology Group business sold in December 2015 (see Note 1 and Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 15 of this Form 10-K. Certain accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, and as a result, actual results could differ materially from those estimates. These judgments are based on historical experience, observation of trends in the industry, information provided by customers, forecasts of future economic conditions and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. Management believes that full consideration has been given to all relevant circumstances that we may be subject to, and the consolidated financial statements of the Company accurately reflect management's best estimate of the consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Company for the years presented. We identify below a number of policies that entail significant judgments or estimates, the assumptions and/or judgments used to determine those estimates and the potential effects on reported financial results if actual results differ materially from these estimates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue from contracts with its customers utilizing the following steps: 
 Identifying the contract with the customer 
 Identifying the performance obligations under the contract 
 Determine the transaction price 
 Allocate transaction price to performance obligations, if necessary 
 Recognizing revenue as performance obligations are satisfied 
 
 The Company's invoice, and the terms and conditions of sale contained therein, constitutes the evidence of an arrangement and is a contract with the customer. The performance obligations are generally delivery of the products listed on the invoice and the transaction price for each product is listed. Allocation of transaction price is generally not needed. Performance obligations are satisfied, and revenue is recognized upon the shipment of goods from one of the Company s distribution centers or drop shippers for most contracts or in certain cases revenue will be recognized upon delivery and acceptance by the customer. Customer acceptance occurs when the customer accepts the shipment. The Company's standard terms, provided on its invoices as well as on its websites, are included in communications with the customer and have standard payment terms of 30 days. Certain customers may have extended payment terms that have been pre-approved by the Company's credit department, but generally none extend longer than 90 days. 
 Provisions for sales returns and allowances are estimated based on historical data and are recorded concurrently with the recognition of revenue. These provisions are reviewed and adjusted periodically by the Company. Revenue is presented net of sales taxes collected from customers and remitted to government authorities. Revenue is reduced for any early payment discounts or volume incentive rebates offered to customers. 
 
 27 

Table o f Contents 

 The Company s revenue is shown as Net sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and is measured as the determined transaction price, net of any variable consideration consisting primarily of rights to return product. The Company has elected to treat shipping and handling revenues as activities to fulfill its performance obligation. Billings for freight and shipping and handling are recorded in net sales and costs of freight and shipping and handling are recorded in cost of sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The Company will record a contract liability in cases where customers pay in advance of the Company satisfying its performance obligation. The Company did not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations or liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company offers customers rights to return product within a certain time, usually 30 days. The Company estimates its sales returns liability quarterly based upon its historical returns rates as a percentage of historical sales for the trailing twelve-month period. The total accrued sales returns liability was approximately 2.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was recorded as a refund liability in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Inventory Valuation 
 
 We value our inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value; cost being determined on the first-in, first-out method. Excess and obsolete or unmarketable merchandise are written down based on historical experience, assumptions about future product demand and market conditions. If market conditions are less favorable than projected or if technological developments result in accelerated obsolescence, additional write-downs may be required. While obsolescence and resultant markdowns have been within expectations, there can be no guarantee that we will continue to experience the same level of markdowns we have in the past. The Company estimates the net realizable value of its inventory by considering factors such as inventory levels, historical write-off information, market conditions, estimated direct selling costs and physical condition of the inventory. 
 
 Our inventory reserve estimates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 have not been materially different than our actual experience. However, if in the future our estimates are materially different than our actual experience we could have a material loss adjustment. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For information about recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 We are exposed to market risks, which include changes in U.S. and international interest rates as well as changes in currency exchange rates (principally Canadian Dollars) as measured against the U.S. Dollar and each other. 
 
 The translation of the financial statements of our operations located outside of the United States is impacted by movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Changes in currency exchange rates as measured against the U.S. dollar may positively or negatively affect income statement, balance sheet and cash flows as expressed in U.S. dollars. Sales would have fluctuated by approximately 7.2 million and pretax income would have had a de minimis impact if average foreign exchange rates changed by 10 in 2022. We may enter into foreign currency options or forward exchange contracts aimed at limiting in part the impact of certain currency fluctuations, but as of December 31, 2022 we had no outstanding forward exchange contracts. 
 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our variable rate debt. Our variable rate debt consists of short-term borrowings under our credit facilities. As of December 31, 2022, 0.6 million was outstanding under our variable rate credit facility. A hypothetical change in average interest rates of one percentage point is not expected to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows over the next fiscal year. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 28 

Table o f Contents 

 The information required by Item 8 of Part II is incorporated herein by reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements filed with this report; see Item 15 of Part IV. 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 
 Inherent Limitations of Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 
 
 Management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, a copy of which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ending December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 
 29 

Table o f Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Global Industrial Company 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Global Industrial Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Global Industrial Company (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP New York, New York February 23, 2023 
 30 

Table o f Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 None. 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information required by Item 10 of Part III is hereby incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ). 
 
 We have adopted a Corporate Ethics Policy that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Any amendments to the Corporate Ethics Policy or any grant of a waiver from the provisions of the Corporate Ethics Policy requiring disclosure under applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules will be disclosed on the Company s website. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information required by Item 11 of Part III is hereby incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The information required by item 12 of Part III is hereby incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by Item 13 of Part III is hereby incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 The information required by Item 14 of Part III is hereby incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) 1. Consolidated Financial Statements of Global Industrial Company Reference Report of Ernst Young LLP Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 PCAOB ID: 
 36 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 43 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 44 

31 

Table o f Contents 

 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 3 Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to the Company's registration statement on Form S-1) (Registration No. 33-92052). 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated May 18, 1999). 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated June 21, 2021). 3.4 
 Second Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (effective as of June 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated June 21, 2021). 4.1 Stockholders Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 1995). 4.2 
 Description of Registrant's Securities (incorporated by reference to the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021). 10.1 
 Lease Agreement, dated December 8, 2005, between Hamilton Business Center, LLC (landlord) and Global Equipment Company Inc. (tenant) (Buford, GA facility) (the Buford Lease (incorporated by reference to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005). 10.2 
 First Amendment, to the Buford Lease, dated June 12, 2006, between Hamilton Business Center, LLC (landlord) and Global Equipment Company Inc. (tenant) (Buford, GA facility) (incorporated by reference to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005). 10.3 
 Lease Agreement, dated February 27, 2012, between PR I Washington Township NJ, LLC (landlord) and Global Equipment Company Inc. (tenant) (Robbinsville, NJ facility) (incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2012). 10.4 
 Form of 2010 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed April 29, 2010). 10.7 
 Lease Agreement, dated December 10, 2014, between Prologis, L.P. (landlord) and Global Industrial Distribution Inc. (tenant) (Las Vegas, NV facility) (incorporated by reference to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014). 10.8 
 Amendment to the Term of the 2010 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Supplemental Proxy Material filed May 18, 2015). 10.9 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 28, 2016, by and among the Company and certain affiliates thereof and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Sole Bookrunner and Sole Lead Arranger, and the lenders from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated November 3, 2016). 10.10 
 Third Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of October 28, 2016, by and among the Company and certain affiliates thereof and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the lenders party to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated November 3, 2016). 10.11 
 Amended and Restated Lease dated December 14, 2016, by and between Addwin Realty Associates, LLC (landlord) and Global Equipment Company Inc. (tenant) (Port Washington, NY facility) (incorporated by reference to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2016). 10.12 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 5, 2018, between the Company and Barry Litwin (incorporated by reference to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018). 10.13 
 Amendment No. 1, dated January 7, 2020, to the Employment Agreement, between the Company and Barry Litwin (incorporated by reference to the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019). 10.14 
 Form of Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed November 2, 2018). 10.15 
 Lease Agreement, dated April 18, 2019, by and between HLIT II CTC 3, L.P. (landlord) and Global Industrial Distribution Inc. (tenant) (DeSoto, TX facility) (exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K) (incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2019). 
 10.16 
 Lease Agreement, dated December 18, 2009, between Lakeview XII Ventures, LLC (landlord) and Global Industrial Distribution Inc. (as successor in interest through merger to C H Service, LLC) (tenant) (Pleasant Prairie, WI facility) (the "PP" Lease) (incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020). 
 32 

Table o f Contents 

 10.17 
 First Amendment, to the PP Lease, dated April 14, 2020, between Lakeview XII Ventures, LLC (landlord) and Global Industrial Distribution Inc.(as successor in interest through merger to C H Service, LLC) (tenant) (incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020). 10.18 
 Second Amendment to the Buford Lease, dated November 20, 2006, between Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, for the benefit of its separate real estate account (as successor-in-interest to Hamilton Mill Business Center, LLC) (landlord) and Global Equipment Company Inc. (tenant) (Buford, GA facility) (incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020). 10.19 
 Third Amendment to the Buford Lease Agreement, dated September 16, 2020 between Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, for the benefit of its separate real estate account (as successor-in-interest to Hamilton Mill Business Center, LLC) (landlord) and Global Equipment Company Inc. (tenant) (Buford, GA facility) (incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020). 10.20 
 Form of 2020 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed April 22, 2020). 10.21 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 12, 2021, between the Company and Adina Storch (incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021). 10.22 
 Amendment No. 1, dated December 2, 2021, to the Employment Agreement, between the Company and Adina Storch (incorporated by reference to the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021). 10.23 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of October 19, 2021, to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among the Company and certain affiliates thereof, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Sole Bookrunner and Sole Lead Arranger, and the lenders from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021). 10.24 
 Amendment No. 2, dated as of June 28, 2022, to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Global Industrial Company (f/k/a Systemax Inc.) and certain affiliates thereof, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Sole Bookrunner and Sole Lead Arranger, and the lenders from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022). 10.25 
 Amendment No. 3, dated as of November 29, 2022, to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Global Industrial Company (f/k/a Systemax Inc.) and certain affiliates thereof, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Sole Bookrunner and Sole Lead Arranger, and the lenders from time to time party thereto. (incorporated by reference to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated November 29, 2022). 14 
 Corporate Ethics Policy for Officers, Directors and Employees (revised as of October 2021) (incorporated by reference to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021). 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith). 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith). 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 
 33 

Table o f Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 

34 

Table o f Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 GLOBAL INDUSTRIAL COMPANY By: /s/ BARRY LITWIN Barry Litwin Chief Executive Officer Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ RICHARD B, LEEDS Executive Chairman and Director February 23, 2023 Richard B. Leeds /s/ BRUCE LEEDS Vice Chairman and Director February 23, 2023 Bruce Leeds /s/ ROBERT LEEDS Vice Chairman and Director February 23, 2023 Robert Leeds /s/ BARRY LITWIN Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 Barry Litwin and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ THOMAS CLARK Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 Thomas Clark (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ THOMAS AXMACHER Vice President and Controller February 23, 2023 Thomas Axmacher (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ ROBERT D. ROSENTHAL Director February 23, 2023 Robert D. Rosenthal /s/ CHAD M. LINDBLOOM Director February 23, 2023 Chad M. Lindbloom /s/ THOMAS R. SUOZZI Director February 23, 2023 Thomas R. Suozzi /s/ PAUL S. PEARLMAN Director February 23, 2023 Paul S. Pearlman 
 35 

Table o f Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Global Industrial Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Global Industrial Company (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 36 

Table o f Contents 

Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

Measurement of Inventory Valuation Reserves 
 Description of 
 the Matter 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s net inventory balance was 179.4 million. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, management records inventory at the lower of its cost or net realizable value. The valuation of inventory requires management to make assumptions and judgments about the net realizable value of inventory. To establish the inventory valuation reserves the Company considers factors and assumptions such as market conditions, inventory levels, historical write-off information and direct selling costs. 
 
 Auditing management s inventory valuation reserves was complex as auditor judgment was necessary in evaluating the amounts that should be reserved based on the assumptions described above. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the inventory reserve process, including controls over the inputs and assumptions described above, that are used in management s calculation. 
 
 Our audit procedures to test the adequacy of the inventory valuation reserve included, among others, evaluating the appropriateness of management s inputs to the inventory valuation reserve calculation, including testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used in management s calculation such as historical write-off activity, direct selling costs, and inventory levels for each product. We compared actual write-off activity in recent years to the inventory valuation reserve estimated by the Company in prior years. We also tested, the mathematical accuracy of the Company s reserve calculation, performed inquiries of the Company s management and obtained documentation to evaluate the Company s estimate. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 

February 23, 2023 

37 

Table o f Contents 

 GLOBAL INDUSTRIAL COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except for share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS: Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, (net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred income taxes Goodwill, intangibles and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Short term debt Operating lease liabilities 
 Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value per share, authorized million shares; issued 
 Common stock, par value per share, authorized million shares; issued and shares; outstanding and shares 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock at cost and shares 
 ) ) Retained earnings (deficit) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

Table o f Contents 

 GLOBAL INDUSTRIAL COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, distribution and administrative expenses Operating income from continuing operations Foreign currency exchange loss Interest and other expense Income from continuing operations before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income Net income per common share from continuing operations: Basic Diluted Net income per common share from discontinued operations: Basic Diluted Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common and common equivalent shares: Basic Diluted Dividends declared 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 39 

Table o f Contents 

 GLOBAL INDUSTRIAL COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

Table o f Contents 

 GLOBAL INDUSTRIAL COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile income from continuing operations to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization (Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes ) ) Provision for credit losses Compensation expense related to equity compensation plans Gain on dispositions and abandonment ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Income taxes ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses, other current liabilities and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Dividends paid ) ) ) Borrowings under credit facility Repayments under credit facility ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Payment of payroll taxes on stock-based compensation through shares withheld ) ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock from employee stock purchase plans Purchase of treasury shares ) Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations ) ) ) EFFECTS OF EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS END OF YEAR Supplemental disclosures: 
 41 

Table o f Contents 

 Interest paid Income taxes paid Supplemental disclosures of non-cash operating and investing activities: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental disclosures: Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 42 

Table o f Contents 

 GLOBAL INDUSTRIAL COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions, except share data in thousands) 
 Common Stock Number of Shares Outstanding Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock, At Cost Retained (Deficit) Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balances, December 31, 2019 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock ) Stock withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock ) Dividends ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Issuance of shares under employee stock purchase plan Change in cumulative translation adjustment Net income Balances, December 31, 2020 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock ) Stock withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock ) Dividends ) ) Issuance of shares under employee stock purchase plan Change in cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Net income Balances, December 31, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock ) Stock withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends ) ) Issuance of shares under employee stock purchase plan Change in cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Net income Balances, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 43 

Table o f Contents 

 GLOBAL INDUSTRIAL COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 
 reportable business segment. The Company sells a wide array of industrial and maintenance, repair and operation products, markets the Company has served since 1949. Because of the large number of products and product categories the Company offers, providing information on the amount of revenue derived from transactions with external customers for each product or groupings of products is impractical. 
 
 The Company's discontinued operations include its former North American Technology Group business, which was sold in December 2015 and has been winding down its operations since then. The sale of this business met the strategic shift with major impact criteria as defined under Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity , therefore, the results of the former North American Technology business are included in discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, net income from the discontinued North American Technology business totaled million, million and million, respectively. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded net income of approximately million primarily related to the resolution of certain liabilities of its previously discontinued operations. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 During 2022, the Company incurred a de minimis amount of related party transactions other than those disclosed within the leases disclosure. During 2021, the Company recorded approximately million in professional fee expense from a law firm which employs an immediate family member of one of the Company's Vice Chairmen. Amounts outstanding at December 31, 2021 were de minimis and were recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 During 2020, the Company made inventory purchases of approximately million from an entity owned by immediate family members of the Company's Executive Chairman. These transactions were carried out on an arm's length basis and with prior approval of the Company's Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

2. 

44 

Table o f Contents 

t have restricted cash. At December 31, 2020, the Company had restricted cash collateralizing letters of credit outstanding of million. Amounts included in restricted cash represent those required to be set aside by a contractual agreement with an insurer for the payment of workers' compensation claims. 

to . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful lives or the term of the respective leases. During 2022, the Company disposed of property, plant and equipment of approximately million and accumulated depreciation of approximately million. During 2021, the Company disposed of property, plant and equipment of approximately million and accumulated depreciation of million. 

45 

Table o f Contents 

t have any material unsatisfied performance obligations or liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company offers customers rights to return product within a certain time, usually 30 days. The Company estimates its sales returns liability quarterly based upon its historical return rates as a percentage of historical sales for the trailing twelve-month period. The total accrued sales returns liability was approximately million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was recorded as a refund liability in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

46 

Table o f Contents 

Net advertising expenses were million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The Company utilizes advertising programs to drive traffic to its websites, support vendors, including catalogs, internet and magazine advertising, and receives payments and credits from vendors, including consideration pursuant to volume incentive programs and cooperative marketing programs. The Company accounts for consideration from vendors as a reduction of cost of sales unless certain conditions are met showing that the funds are used for specific, incremental, identifiable costs, in which case the consideration is accounted for as a reduction in the related expense category, such as advertising expense. 

or more of their eligible compensation, limited to maximum amounts as determined by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company provides a matching contribution to the plan, determined as a percentage of the employees contributions. Aggregate expense to the Company for contributions to the plan was approximately million in 2022 and million in 2021 and 2020. 

The weighted average interest rate on short-term borrowings was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 

47 

Table o f Contents 

supplier accounted for 10 or more of our product purchases in 2022, 2021 and 2020. Most private brand products are manufactured by third parties to our specifications. 

3. 
 
 Current period provision Write-offs - trade accounts receivable ) ) Balance at end of period 

4. 
 million, million and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 years years Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 
 48 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) Total present value of lease liabilities 
 
 The Company currently leases its headquarters office facility from an entity owned by the Company s principal shareholders. Total rent expense recorded to related parties was million in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 million, million and million was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Future rent streams related to sublease agreements consists of million to be collected in less than one year, million to be collected between one and three years and million to be collected between three and five years. 

5. 

Canada Consolidated 

49 

6. 
 
 Intangibles Other assets Balances, December 31 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets : 

Definite-lived intangible assets: 
 
 - yrs 
 Domain name yrs 
 Total 
 
 The following table summarizes information related to definite-lived intangible assets as of December 31, 2021 (in millions): 
 December 31, 2021 Amortization Period (Years) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Weighted avg useful life Client lists - yrs 
 Domain name yrs 
 Total 
 
 million in 2022. The estimated amortization for future years ending December 31 is as follows (in millions): 
 2023 2024 Total 
 
 50 

7. 
 
 million primarily related to the classification of restitution receipts of approximately million to discontinued operations, offset by related professional fees of approximately million and resolution of certain liabilities of these discontinued operations of approximately million and recorded approximately million for the provision for income taxes. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded net income in its discontinued operations of approximately million primarily related to the dissolution of certain entities of these previously discontinued operations of million, pre-tax, and the classification of approximately million in restitution receipts to discontinued operations, offset by million of related professional fees and approximately million for the provision for income taxes. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company's discontinued operations recorded approximately million in restitution receipts classified to discontinued operations, offset by approximately million of professional fees and million for the provision for income taxes. 
 
 The Company has completed the wind-down activities related to the sale of the France business, as disclosed in previous 10-K filings, but may incur additional charges related to statutory tax and other indemnities given at closing. The Company has substantially completed the wind-down activities related to the former North American Technology Group business, although certain activities related to sublet facilities continue. The net assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are immaterial other than the exit costs disclosure below. The Company expects that total additional exit charges related to discontinued operations after this year may aggregate up to million. 
 Charged to expense Paid or otherwise settled ) Balance December 31, 2022 
 
 The following table details liabilities related to the exit costs of the sold businesses for 2021 (in millions): 
 Accrued exit costs Balance, January 1, 2021 Charged to expense Paid or otherwise settled ) Balance, December 31, 2021 

51 

8. 
 
 Furniture and fixtures, office, computer and other equipment and software Leasehold improvements Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 million, million and million, respectively, and is reported within selling, distribution and administrative expenses. During 2022, the Company disposed of property, plant and equipment of approximately million and accumulated depreciation of million and during 2021, the Company disposed of property, plant and equipment of approximately million and accumulated depreciation of million. 

9. 
 
 million secured revolving credit facility to million. This credit facility is with financial institution, which provides for borrowings in the United States and has a term, maturing on October 19, 2026. The credit agreement contains certain operating, financial and other covenants, including limits on annual levels of capital expenditures, availability tests related to payments of dividends and stock repurchases and fixed charge coverage tests related to acquisitions. The revolving credit agreement requires that a minimum level of availability be maintained. If such availability is not maintained, the Company will be required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined). The borrowings under the agreement are subject to borrowing base limitations of up to of eligible accounts receivable and the inventory advance rate computed as the lesser of (previously or of the net orderly liquidation value NOLV ). Borrowings are secured by substantially all of the borrower s assets, as defined, including all accounts, accounts receivable, inventory and certain other assets, subject to limited exceptions, including the exclusion of certain foreign assets from the collateral. The interest rate under the amended and restated facility is computed at applicable market rates based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York NYFRB or the Prime Rate, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin varies based on borrowing base availability. As of December 31, 2022, eligible collateral under the credit agreement was million, total availability was million, total outstanding letters of credit was million, total outstanding borrowings was million and total excess availability was million. The Company was in compliance with all of the covenants of the credit agreement in place as of December 31, 2022. 

10. 
 
 Sales and VAT tax payable Freight Income taxes payable Product returns liability Other 

11. 
 
 52 

Less: Distributed net income available to participating securities ) ) ) Less: Undistributed net income available to participating securities ) Numerator for basic net income per share: Undistributed and distributed net income available to common shareholders Add: Undistributed net income allocated to participating securities Less: Undistributed net income reallocated to participating securities ) Numerator for diluted net income per share: Undistributed and distributed net income available to common shareholders Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding for basic net income per share Effect of dilutive securities Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted net income per share Net income per share from continuing operations: Basic Diluted Net income from discontinued operations Less: Distributed net income available to participating securities Less: Undistributed net income available to participating securities ) Numerator for basic net income per share: Undistributed and distributed net income available to common shareholders Add: Undistributed net income allocated to participating securities Less: Undistributed net income reallocated to participating securities ) 
 53 

Net income per share from discontinued operations: Basic Diluted Net income per share: Basic Diluted Potentially dilutive securities 
 
 Potentially dilutive securities attributable to outstanding stock options, restricted stock units, and performance share units excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share where the combined exercise price and average unamortized fair value are greater than the average market price of Global Industrial Company's common stock, and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

12. 
 
 shares of the Company's common stock. During 2022 and 2021, shares were repurchased. In 2020, the Company repurchased common shares for approximately million. The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the Plan was approximately at December 31, 2022. 

13. 
 
 equity compensation plans which reserve shares of common stock for issuance to key employees, directors, consultants and advisors to the Company. The following is a description of these plans: 
 
 The 2010 Long-term Stock Incentive Plan 2010 Plan - This plan was adopted in April 2010 and allows the Company to issue incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units, performance awards and other stock based awards authorized by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Options and awards issued under this plan expire after the options and awards are granted. The maximum number of shares granted per type of award to any individual may not exceed in any calendar year. Restricted stock grants and common stock awards reduce stock options otherwise available for future grant. Awards for a maximum of shares may be granted under this plan. The Company is no longer granting options or awards under this plan. A total of options and restricted stock units were outstanding under this plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The 2020 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 2020 Omnibus Plan - This plan was adopted in June 2020 and allows the Company to issue incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards and other stock based awards authorized by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Options and awards issued under this plan expire after the options and awards are granted. The maximum number of shares granted per type of award to any individual may not exceed in any calendar year (or million in the case of cash performance awards). Restricted stock grants and common stock awards reduce stock options otherwise available for future grant. Awards for a maximum of shares may be granted under this plan. A total of options and restricted stock units were outstanding under this plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The fair value of employee share options is recognized in expense over the vesting period of the options, using the graded attribution method. The fair value of employee share options is determined on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company has calculated its dividend yield by dividing the annualized regular quarterly dividend 
 54 

million, million, and million respectively. The related future income tax benefits recognized for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected life in years 
 
 Granted Exercised ) ) ) Canceled or expired ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year Options exercisable at year end Weighted average fair value per option granted during the year 
 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 54 

to to to to to 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the tables above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the closing stock price on the last day of trading in 2022 and the exercise price) that would have been received by the option holders had all options been exercised on December 31, 2022. This value will change based on the fair market value of the Company s common stock. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The total fair value of stock options vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 

Yes None No 2019 Yes None Yes 2020 Yes None No 2020 Yes None Yes 2021 Yes None No 2021 Yes None Yes 2022 Yes None No 2022 Yes None Yes Total 
 
 55 

million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is recorded within selling, distribution and administrative expenses. A total of shares were granted to Directors during 2022 and a total of restricted stock units from the 2020 Omnibus Plan are outstanding to the Directors as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the unvested RSU's, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Total compensation expense related to RSU and performance RSU's reported within continuing operations was approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is recorded within selling, distribution and administrative expenses. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 shares of common stock has been established under this plan. The Company adopted this plan, the terms of which allow for eligible employees (as defined in the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan) to participate in the purchase, during each purchase period, up to a maximum of shares of the Company's common stock at a purchase price equal to of the closing price at either the start date or the end date of the stock purchase period, whichever is lower. Compensation expense recognized in selling, distribution and administrative expenses related to this plan totaled million, million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, shares remain reserved for issuance under this plan. Employees purchased shares of common stock during fiscal year 2022 at an average price per share of . During fiscal year 2021, employees purchased shares of common stock at an average per share price of and during fiscal year 2020, employees purchased shares of common stock at an average per share price of . 

14. 

Foreign ) Total 
 
 56 

State Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total tax provision 
 
 Tax expense from discontinued operations was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Income taxes are accrued and paid by each foreign entity in accordance with applicable local regulations. 
 
 State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Reversal of valuation allowances ) ) ) ) 2017 TCJA, net deferred tax remeasurement and repatriation tax impacts ) ) Stock based compensation ) ) ) ) Non-deductible items Other items, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax 

57 

Inventory Operating lease obligations Intangible other Net operating loss and credit carryforwards Valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred tax assets Liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total deferred tax liabilities ) 2021 ) ) ) 
 
 During 2022 the Company utilized approximately million in state NOL carryforwards to reduce the current year tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has foreign tax credits and NOLs of million which expire through 2034 and foreign tax credit carryforwards of million expiring in years through 2029. The Company has recorded valuation allowances of approximately million, including valuations against foreign NOLs of million and million against foreign tax carryforwards. Valuation allowances have been recorded against these assets as the Company believes it is more likely than not that these NOLs, temporary differences and foreign tax credits will not be utilized in the near future. 
 
 The Company has not provided for federal income taxes applicable to the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries, primarily in India and Canada, of approximately million as of December 31, 2022, since these earnings are considered permanently reinvested in the subsidiaries. The Company's permanent reinvestment assertion has not changed following the enactment of the TCJA. If the Company ceases to be permanently reinvested in its foreign subsidiaries, the Company may be subject to foreign withholding and other taxes on undistributed earnings and may need to record a deferred tax liability for any outside basis difference in its investments in its foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Under the TCJA each U.S. shareholder of a controlled foreign corporation ("CFC") must include in its gross taxable income in any tax year the aggregate net GILTI, or net income, of its CFCs. In 2022 the Company has included in taxable income the net income of its subsidiaries in the Netherlands, India, and Canada. The Company has elected to treat GILTI expense as a period cost when incurred. 
 
 The Company is routinely audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities with respect to its income taxes. The Company regularly reviews and evaluates the likelihood of audit assessments. The Company s federal income tax returns have been audited through 2016. The Company has not signed any consent to extend the statute of limitations for any subsequent years. The Company s significant state tax returns have been audited through 2016. The Company considers its significant tax jurisdictions in foreign locations to be Canada and India. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had uncertain tax positions. Interest and penalties, if any, are recorded in income tax expense. There were accrued interest or penalty charges related to unrecognized tax benefits recorded in income tax expense in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 58 

15. 

59 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex-2112312022.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF GLOBAL INDUSTRIAL COMPANY 
 
 Company Name Jurisdiction Avenue Industrial Supply Company Limited Canada C&H Distribution Holdings Inc. USA (DE) C&H Distributors, LLC USA (DE) Global Equipment Company Inc. USA (NY) Global Industrial Distribution Inc. USA (DE) Global Industrial Holdings LLC USA (DE) Global Industrial Services Inc. USA (DE) Industrialsupplies.Com, LLC USA (DE) Misco Germany Inc. USA (NY) 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 exhibit2312312022.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 Exhibit 23 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-176264) pertaining to the Systemax Inc. 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-226902) pertaining to the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-240228) pertaining to the Systemax Inc. 2020 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 of our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Global Industrial Company and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Global Industrial Company included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Global Industrial Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP New York, New York February 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31_112312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Barry Litwin, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Global Industrial Company (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter( the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated February 23, 2023 s BARRY LITWIN Barry Litwin, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31_212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Thomas Clark, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Global Industrial Company (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated February 23, 2023 s THOMAS CLARK Thomas Clark, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32_112312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer of Global Industrial Company, hereby certifies that Global Industrial Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Global Industrial Company. 
 
 Dated February 23, 2023 s BARRY LITWIN Barry Litwin, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32_212312022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of Global Industrial Company, hereby certifies that Global Industrial Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Global Industrial Company. 
 
 Dated February 23, 2023 s THOMAS CLARK Thomas Clark, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gic-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 gic-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gic-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gic-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gic-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

