<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1815849_0001815849-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>34541537</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>662549</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>23124927</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4288150</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3394467</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2840436</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001815849-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316161851
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001815849-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		225
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ATI Physical Therapy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001815849
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-NURSING & PERSONAL CARE FACILITIES [8050]
		IRS NUMBER:				851408039
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39439
		FILM NUMBER:		23739074

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		790 REMINGTON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			BOILINGBROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60440
		BUSINESS PHONE:		630-296-2223

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		790 REMINGTON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			BOILINGBROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60440

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200622

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001815849-23-000004.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 ati-20221231.htm
 10-K

ati-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022, based on the closing sale price reported on the NYSE on June 30, 2022, was approximately million. 
 As of March 6, 2023, there were approximately shares of the registrant's common stock legally outstanding. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 7 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 53 
 Item 2. Properties 
 53 
 Item 3 . Legal Proceedings 
 53 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 53 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 54 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 56 
 Item 7 . Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 57 
 Item 7A . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 85 
 Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 87 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 88 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 93 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 95 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 96 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 97 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 99 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 150 
 Item 9A . Controls and Procedures 
 150 
 Item 9B . Other Information 
 152 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 153 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 154 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 154 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 154 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 154 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 154 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 . Exhibits , Financial S tat ement Schedules 
 155 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 157 
 Signatures 
 157 

2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements included in this Form 10-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of the words such as believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, should, would, plan, project, forecast, predict, potential, seem, seek, future, outlook, target or similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the impact of physical therapist attrition and ability to achieve and maintain clinical staffing levels and clinician productivity, anticipated visit and referral volumes and other factors on the Company's overall profitability, and estimates and forecasts of other financial and performance metrics and projections of market opportunity. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this Form 10-K, and on the current expectations of the Company s management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Company. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 
 our liquidity position raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; 
 risks associated with liquidity and capital markets, including the Company's ability to generate sufficient cash flows, together with cash on hand, to run its business, cover liquidity and capital requirements and resolve substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern; 
 our ability to meet certain financial covenants as required by our 2022 Credit Agreement, including maintaining 30.0 million of minimum liquidity; 
 risks related to outstanding indebtedness and preferred stock, rising interest rates and potential increases in borrowing costs, compliance with associated covenants and provisions and the potential need to seek additional or alternative debt or capital financing in the future; 
 risks related to the Company's ability to access additional financing or alternative options when needed; 
 our dependence upon governmental and third-party private payors for reimbursement and that decreases in reimbursement rates, renegotiation or termination of payor contracts or unfavorable changes in payor, state and service mix may adversely affect our financial results; 
 federal and state governments continued efforts to contain growth in Medicaid expenditures, which could adversely affect the Company s revenue and profitability; 
 payments that we receive from Medicare and Medicaid being subject to potential retroactive reduction; 
 changes in Medicare rules and guidelines and reimbursement or failure of our clinics to maintain their Medicare certification and/or enrollment status; 
 compliance with federal and state laws and regulations relating to the privacy of individually identifiable patient information, and associated fines and penalties for failure to comply; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 risks associated with public health crises, including COVID-19 (and any existing and future variants) and its direct and indirect impacts on the business, which could lead to a decline in visit volumes and referrals; 
 risks related to the impact on our workforce of mandatory COVID-19 vaccination of employees; 
 our inability to compete effectively in a competitive industry, subject to rapid technological change and cost inflation, including competition that could impact our effectiveness of strategies to improve patient referrals and our ability to identify, recruit and retain skilled physical therapists; 
 our inability to maintain high levels of service and patient satisfaction; 
 risks associated with the locations of our clinics, including the economies in which we operate, size and expected growth of our addressable markets, and the potential need to close clinics and incur closure costs; 
 our dependence upon the cultivation and maintenance of relationships with customers, suppliers, physicians and other referral sources; 
 the severity of climate change or the weather and natural disasters that can occur in the regions of the U.S. in which we operate, which could cause disruption to our business; 
 risks associated with future acquisitions, which may use significant resources, may be unsuccessful and could expose us to unforeseen liabilities; 
 failure of third-party vendors, including customer service, technical and IT support providers and other outsourced professional service providers to adequately address customers requests and meet Company requirements; 
 risks associated with our reliance on IT infrastructure in critical areas of our operations including, but not limited to, cyber and other security threats; 
 a security breach of our IT systems or our third-party vendors IT systems may subject us to potential legal action and reputational harm and may result in a violation of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 or the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act; 
 maintaining clients for which we perform management and other services, as a breach or termination of those contractual arrangements by such clients could cause operating results to be less than expected; 
 our failure to maintain financial controls and processes over billing and collections or disputes with third-parties could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations; 
 our operations are subject to extensive regulation and macroeconomic uncertainty; 
 our ability to meet revenue and earnings expectations; 
 risks associated with applicable state laws regarding fee-splitting and professional corporation laws; 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 inspections, reviews, audits and investigations under federal and state government programs and payor contracts that could have adverse findings that may negatively affect our business, including our results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and reputation; 
 changes in or our failure to comply with existing federal and state laws or regulations or the inability to comply with new government regulations on a timely basis; 
 the outcome of any legal and regulatory matters, proceedings or investigations instituted against us or any of our directors or officers, and whether insurance coverage will be available and/or adequate to cover such matters or proceedings; 
 our facilities face competition for experienced physical therapists and other clinical providers that may increase labor costs and reduce profitability; 
 risks associated with our ability to attract and retain talented executives and employees amidst the impact of unfavorable labor market dynamics and wage inflation, including potential failure of steps being taken to reduce attrition of physical therapists and increase hiring of physical therapists; 
 risk resulting from the IPO Warrants, Earnout Shares and Vesting Shares being accounted for as liabilities; 
 further impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets, which represent a significant portion of our total assets, especially in view of the Company s recent market valuation; 
 our inability to remediate the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting related to income taxes and to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; 
 costs related to operating as a public company; and 
 risks associated with our ability to regain and sustain compliance with the listing requirements of our securities on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"). 
 If any of these risks materialize or our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 These and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those implied by the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K are more fully described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The risks described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors are not exhaustive. Other sections of this Form 10-K describe additional factors that could adversely affect the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible to predict all such risk factors, nor can the Company assess the impact of all such risk factors on the business of the Company or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligations to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, statements of belief and similar statements reflect the beliefs and opinions of the Company on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to the Company, as applicable, as of the date of this Form 10-K, and while the Company believes such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and statements should not be read to indicate that the Company has conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and its subsidiaries (herein referred to as "we," "us," "our," "the Company" or "ATI") is a nationally recognized outpatient physical therapy provider in the United States specializing in outpatient rehabilitation and adjacent healthcare services, with 923 clinics (as well as 20 clinics under management service agreements) located in 25 states as of December 31, 2022. We operate with a commitment to providing our patients, medical provider partners, payors and employers with evidence-based, patient-centric care. 
 We offer a variety of services within our clinics, including physical therapy to treat spine, shoulder, knee and neck injuries or pain; work injury rehabilitation services, including work conditioning and work hardening; hand therapy; and other specialized treatment services. Our Company's team of professionals is dedicated to helping return patients to optimal physical health. 
 Physical therapy patients receive team-based care, standardized techniques and individualized treatment plans in an encouraging environment. To achieve optimal results, we use an extensive array of techniques including therapeutic exercise, manual therapy and strength training, among others. Our physical therapy model aims to deliver optimized outcomes and time to recovery for patients, insights and service satisfaction for referring providers and predictable costs and measurable value for payors. 
 In addition to providing services to physical therapy patients at outpatient rehabilitation clinics, we provide services through our ATI Worksite Solutions ("AWS") program, Management Service Agreements ("MSA"), and Sports Medicine arrangements. AWS provides an on-site team of healthcare professionals at employer worksites to promote work-related injury prevention, facilitate expedient and appropriate return-to-work follow-up and maintain the health and well-being of the workforce. Our MSA arrangements typically include the Company providing management and physical therapy-related services to physician-owned physical therapy clinics. Sports Medicine arrangements provide certified healthcare professionals to various schools, universities and other institutions to perform on-site physical therapy and rehabilitation services. 
 Our mission is to exceed the expectations of the hundreds of thousands of patients we serve each year by providing high quality of care in a friendly and encouraging environment. 
 Our strategy includes: 
 Exceeding customer expectations and providing the right care at the right place at the right time; 
 Building new and strengthening existing relationships with referral sources, payors and employees; and 
 Allocating available capital to support initiatives and business plans. 
 Recent Developments 
 On April 28, 2022, the Company appointed Sharon Vitti as its Chief Executive Officer and to the Board of Directors. Ms. Vitti has 30 years of healthcare experience, including nearly two decades of executive leadership in clinical and consumer-focused healthcare companies. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 On February 24, 2022, the Company entered into various financing arrangements to refinance its existing long-term debt (the "2022 Debt Refinancing"). The Company entered into a new 2022 Credit Agreement which is comprised of a senior secured term loan which matures on February 24, 2028, and a "super priority" senior secured revolver, which matures on February 24, 2027. In connection with the 2022 Debt Refinancing, the Company issued shares of non-convertible preferred stock and warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock. 
 On June 16, 2021 (the Closing Date ), a Business Combination transaction (the Business Combination was finalized pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Merger Agreement"), dated February 21, 2021 between the operating company, Wilco Holdco, Inc. Wilco Holdco ), and Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. II (herein referred to as "FAII" and "FVAC"), a special purpose acquisition company. In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company changed its name from Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. II to ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol ATIP. 
 This description of our business should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes contained in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Transaction Support Agreement 
 On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into a Transaction Support Agreement (the TSA with certain of its first lien lenders under the 2022 Credit Agreement (the "First Lien Lenders"), the administrative agent under the 2022 Credit Agreement, holders of its Series A Senior Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Equityholders") and holders of the majority of its common stock (together with the First Lien Lenders and the Preferred Equityholders, the Parties ), setting forth the principal terms of a comprehensive transaction to enhance the Company's liquidity (the "Transaction"). Pursuant to the TSA, and subject to the terms and conditions thereof, the Parties have agreed to support, act in good faith and take all steps reasonably necessary and desirable to consummate the transactions referenced therein by June 15, 2023 (the Outside Closing Date ). 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 The TSA contemplates, among other things, (i) a delayed draw new money financing, available under certain circumstances until the 18 month anniversary of the closing date of the transactions, in an aggregate principal amount equal to 25.0 million in the form of new second lien PIK exchangeable notes Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes ), (ii) exchange of 100.0 million of the aggregate principal amount of the term loans under the 2022 Credit Facility held by certain of the Preferred Equityholders for Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes, (iii) a reduction of the thresholds applicable to the minimum liquidity financial covenant under the 2022 Credit Agreement for certain periods, (iv) a waiver of the requirement to comply with the Secured Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant under the 2022 Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 and a modification of the levels and certain component definitions applicable thereto in the fiscal quarters ending after December 31, 2024, (v) waiver of the requirement for the Company to deliver audited financial statements without certain going concern qualifications for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2024, (vi) an increase in the interest rate payable on the existing term loans and revolving loans until the achievement of a specified financial metric and (vii) board representation and observer rights, and other changes to the governance of the Company. The Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes would be exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock of the Company at a fixed price of 0.25, and the holders thereof would have the right to vote on corporate matters on an as-exchanged basis. The TSA contains certain representations, warranties and other agreements by the Company and Parties. In accordance with the TSA, the First Lien Lenders agreed that, prior to the Outside Closing Date, they will forbear in the exercise of any rights, remedies, powers, privileges and defenses under the 2022 Credit Agreement arising on account of an alleged default or event of default (if any) resulting from the going concern explanatory paragraph in the independent auditors' report accompanying the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Credit Agreement Forbearance"). The Parties' obligations under the TSA are, and the closing of the Transaction is, subject to various customary terms and conditions set forth therein, including the execution and delivery of definitive documentation and approval by the Company's stockholders. 
 There is no assurance that the transactions contemplated by the TSA will be consummated on the terms as described above, on a timely basis or at all. 
 Our Operating Model 
 We operate under a single "ATI" brand and own the operations of nearly all of our clinics, which we believe enables us to more consistently align the clinical and patient experience, align incentives across our teams, track and analyze clinical outcome data, and promote efficiency in our operations. The key components of our operating model include: 
 Patients. We are highly focused on providing the best possible patient experience. In our clinics, we strive to maintain a consistently positive look, feel and experience. Additionally, we aim to deliver functional outcomes that meet or exceed national physical therapy industry outcomes across all body regions, which enables patients to return to their normal activities. We are proud of our average Net Promoter Score NPS of 75 and our average Google Review rating of 4.9 stars across our clinics over the trailing four quarters as of December 31, 2022. We believe these metrics are indicative of our patients overall satisfaction with our services and the ATI brand. 
 Medical Provider Partners. We believe our medical provider partners also benefit from our customer-driven culture, expansive patient outcomes database, and case management approach, which facilitate end-to-end patient care with musculoskeletal ("MSK") issues. Our proprietary electronic medical records ("EMR") system includes a variety of custom tools and analytics to evaluate patient performance, providing medical partner providers with simple, intuitive reports on shared patients regarding functional outcomes and performance. These scorecards are used to drive continuous quality improvement and deliver more predictable results. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Payors. We derive revenue from a diverse range of payor sources, including commercial health plans, government programs (i.e., Medicare and Medicaid), workers compensation insurance and auto/personal injury insurance. We believe we offer value to payors not only through quality outcomes that may reduce downstream costs, but also through our national footprint, convenient locations and high customer ratings, which help ensure patients are satisfied with their plan offerings and benefits. 
 Our Platform 
 Key elements of our platform include: 
 Our People. Our business strategy relies on attracting, training, developing and retaining a skilled workforce. We experienced elevated levels of attrition during periods of 2021 and 2022 and have taken actions in an effort to improve hiring and attrition levels. While we observed improvement in hiring and attrition levels since implementing these actions in 2021, attrition remained above historical levels during periods of 2022 due to a continued tight labor market for available physical therapy and other healthcare providers in the workforce. We operate on a team-based approach that works to match physical therapists, physical therapy assistants and operational support specialists with patients based on acuity to ensure patients can be seen in a timely fashion and in compliance with healthcare laws and regulations and licensure requirements. Our employees' success is measured primarily by patient outcomes and customer satisfaction. We have invested in clinical and leadership development programs offering our clinical and support staff opportunities to enhance their clinical skills and take on increasing leadership responsibilities. Combined with a competitive compensation model, we strive to be an attractive employer in the physical therapy industry. 
 Our Clinical Systems Data. Our proprietary, internally developed EMR platform supports our clinical workflows and leverages our database of more than two and half million unique patient cases as well as peer-reviewed best practices guidelines and care protocols to maximize outcomes for our patients. Our EMR is purpose-built for physical therapy and has diagnosis-specific guidelines in place covering the majority of our patient cases. Our clinical systems and data enhance our ability to effectively manage, deliver and track patient outcomes. 
 Our Technology-Enabled Infrastructure. We strive to incorporate data and analytics into the ongoing management of our operations, including monitoring operating performance metrics at various levels. We continually evaluate our technology and tools to determine how best our tools can support the business. 
 Our Services 
 Physical Therapy 
 We offer a variety of services within our clinics, including physical therapy to treat spine, shoulder, knee and neck injuries or pain; work injury rehabilitation services, including work conditioning and work hardening; hand therapy; and other specialized treatment services. 
 To supplement our traditional outpatient physical therapy services, we introduced a tele-physical therapy offering in early 2020, amidst state lockdowns nationwide in response to COVID-19 (as defined below). We believe that, while virtual visits will not fully replace the need for in-person treatment, our tele-physical therapy offering serves as a convenient option for patients who either lack immediate access to a clinic or are looking to supplement traditional treatments. This offering also allows us to serve patients in locations where we do not have a physical presence today. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 ATI Worksite Solutions ("AWS") 
 AWS is an on-site service that provides customized cost-saving injury prevention programs, work-related injury assessment services, wellness offerings and consultations for employers, ranging from Fortune 100 companies to small local businesses. We staff athletic trainers, physical therapy assistants and other clinicians as Early Intervention Specialists at the employer's site to provide early interventions and promote physical health and wellness. 
 Management Service Agreements ("MSA") 
 We partner with physician-owned practices to improve their performance, drive efficiencies and optimize patient outcomes. Utilizing our resources and infrastructure, we provide dedicated service teams to oversee the integration of our programs into physical therapy practices. This includes proprietary EMR integration, caseload management and continuing education in therapy treatments. 
 Sports Medicine 
 Our Sports Medicine athletic trainers work with athletes at all levels of competition to prevent, evaluate and treat sports injuries. We offer on-site sports physical therapy services, clinical evaluation and diagnosis, immediate and emergency care, nutrition programs and concussion management, among others. 
 Industry Factors and Competition 
 MSK conditions affect individuals of all ages and represent some of the most common causes of health problems in the United States. Physical therapy and related services are low-cost solutions that can address a variety of MSK conditions. We believe that the following factors, among others, affect the market and industry trends for outpatient physical therapy services: 
 Outpatient physical therapy services growth. Outpatient physical therapy continues to play a key role in treating musculoskeletal conditions for patients. According to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ("CMS"), musculoskeletal conditions impact individuals of all ages and include some of the most common health issues in the U.S. As healthcare trends in the U.S. continue to evolve, with a growing focus on value-based care emphasizing up-front, conservative care to deliver better outcomes, quality healthcare services addressing such conditions in lower cost outpatient settings may continue increasing in prevalence. 
 U.S. population demographics. The population of adults aged 65 and older in the U.S. is expected to continue to grow and thus expand the Company's market opportunity. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the population of adults over the age of 65 is expected to grow 30 from 2020 through 2030. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Federal funding for Medicare and Medicaid. Federal and state funding of Medicare and Medicaid and the terms of access to these reimbursement programs affect demand for physical therapy services. In recent years, through legislative and regulatory actions, the federal government has made substantial changes to various payment systems under the Medicare program. Beginning in January 2022, the physical therapy industry observed a reduction of Medicare reimbursement rates of approximately 0.75 , as well as a 15 decrease in payments for services performed by physical therapy assistants. Additionally, a further reduction through resuming sequestration was postponed. Sequestration reductions resumed at 1 after March 31, 2022, and by an additional 1 after June 30, 2022, which resulted in an overall reduction of 2 in reimbursement rates related to sequestration after June 30, 2022. In July 2022, the CMS released its proposed 2023 Medicare Physician Fee Schedule, which called for an approximate 4.5 reduction in the calendar year 2023 conversion factor. In December 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act (2023) was signed into law. The Consolidated Appropriations Act (2023) provides partial relief related to Medicare cuts including 2.5 relief in 2023 and 1.25 relief in 2024. As a result, the reimbursement rate reduction beginning in January 2023 was approximately 2.0 . 
 Workers' compensation funding. Payments received under certain workers' compensation arrangements may be based on predetermined state fee schedules, which may be impacted by changes in state funding. 
 Number of people with private health insurance. Physical therapy services are often covered by private health insurance. Individuals covered by private health insurance may be more likely to use healthcare services because it helps offset the cost of such services. As health insurance coverage rises, demand for physical therapy services tends to also increase. 
 The outpatient physical therapy market is highly fragmented, rapidly evolving and highly competitive. Competition within the industry may intensify in the future as existing competitors and new entrants introduce new physical therapy services and platforms and consolidation in the healthcare industry continues. We currently face competition from the following categories of principal competitors: 
 National physical therapy providers; 
 Regional physical therapy providers; 
 Physician-owned physical therapy providers; 
 Individual practitioners or local physical therapy operators, which number in the thousands across the nation; and 
 Vertically integrated hospital systems and scaled physician practices. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We believe the principal competitive factors in the outpatient physical therapy market include the quality of care, cost of care, treatment outcomes, breadth of location and geographic convenience, breadth of patient insurance coverage accepted by clinics, brand awareness and relations with referral sources and key industry participants. We compete in our existing markets by leveraging our unified brand, advertising to increase patient awareness, utilizing sales efforts to establish new and enhance existing relationships with referral sources, applying our team-based approach to care, leveraging our proprietary EMR and data-driven operating platform and striving for high quality of care expectations. Beginning in 2019, physical therapy providers were included in the CMS Quality Payment Program and were eligible to report quality metrics for the Merit-based Incentive Payment System ("MIPS"). We opted to report 2019 performance as an early adopter, and we received an 'exceptional' rating based on the data submitted across our platform and received a quality 'bonus' on 2021 billed CMS payments. Beginning in 2020, the CMS MIPS measures reporting became mandatory for all physical therapy providers. In November 2021, the 2020 scores were finalized and based on our performance we again received an 'exceptional' rating while scoring in the 99th percentile across all clinics and accordingly received the highest possible quality 'bonus' with respect to 2022 billed CMS payments. Furthermore, in August 2022 the 2021 scores were finalized and based on our performance we received an 'exceptional' rating while scoring in the 99th percentile across all clinics. As such, we expect to receive the highest possible quality 'bonus' with respect to 2023 billed CMS payments. We believe the 'exceptional' rating by CMS reflects our commitment to delivering a high quality of care. Additionally, in January 2022 we achieved Credentialing Accreditation status by the National Committee for Quality Assurance ("NCQA"). As an accredited organization, we have demonstrated that our credentialing processes are in accordance with the highest quality standards. 
 Clinic Fleet 
 ATI is a nationally recognized outpatient physical therapy provider in the United States specializing in outpatient rehabilitation and adjacent healthcare services, with 923 clinics (as well as 20 clinics under management service agreements) located in 25 states as of December 31, 2022. We opened 110 standalone de novo and acqui-novo clinics over the three years ended December 31, 2022. We have built proprietary methods to identify future sites in urban and suburban, high-traffic areas. By incorporating various datasets, including CMS and census data, we are able to compile a comprehensive assessment of potential new locations. Through our proprietary site-selection tools, we believe there continues to be significant whitespace opportunity within our existing states, with further opportunity available beyond our existing states. However, our capital expenditure, acquisition, de novo and acqui-novo spend depends on many factors, including, but not limited to, the targeted number of new clinic openings, patient volumes, clinician labor market, revenue growth rates and level of operating cash flows. As a result of negative operating cash flows, net losses and liquidity constraints, the number of new clinic openings has decreased in recent years relative to historical years and may continue at lower than historical levels. As a result of these and other factors, we also closed 23 clinics in both 2022 and 2021, and we may continue to right size our clinic fleet through clinic closures and divestitures. 
 Our Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 Our business strategy relies on attracting, training, developing, and retaining a skilled workforce. Our clinicians are a driving force for favorable patient outcomes and are key to our success. The Company has aimed to increase its clinical staffing levels by hiring clinicians and reducing levels of clinician attrition that were elevated in recent periods, which was caused, in part, by changes made during the COVID-19 pandemic related to compensation, staffing levels and support for clinicians. We have implemented a range of actions related to compensation, staffing levels, clinical and professional development and other initiatives in an effort to retain and attract therapists across our platform. While we observed improvements in hiring and attrition levels since implementing these actions in 2021, attrition remained above historical levels during periods of 2022 due to a continued tight labor market for available physical therapy and other healthcare providers in the workforce. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 We offer comprehensive Total Rewards in an effort to attract new candidates and retain existing employees. Our Total Rewards program includes, but is not limited to, incentive compensation plans, healthcare and insurance benefits, a 401(k) plan, paid time off and other work-life and wellness benefits. We have focused on adding greater efficiency and effectiveness around accountability and decision rights, acted swiftly and decisively in the advent of COVID-19 to continue our strong commitment to workplace safety and the health and welfare of our clinicians and patients and created leadership and development programs to support clinician career development and growth. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive work environment. Employees are treated with dignity and respect in an environment free from harassment and discrimination regardless of race, color, age, gender, disability, minority, sexual orientation or any other protected class. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion enables employees to realize their full potential and drives high performance through innovation and collaboration. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 5,700 employees. This number is not inclusive of any contractors or temporary staff but does include our on-call clinicians. We do not have any employees who are represented by a labor union or are party to a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Impact of COVID-19 
 COVID-19 has had a significant impact on the outpatient physical therapy industry. In March 2020, as the pandemic began to affect all aspects of daily life, hospitals and surgical centers began to postpone elective and non-essential surgeries, reducing the volume of individuals requiring physical therapy services. Additionally, closures of non-essential businesses, stay-at-home orders, and social-distancing guidelines all adversely impacted the flow of visits to clinics. 
 We kept the vast majority of our clinics open during this period to ensure that we continued to provide the convenience and services that our patients need. As a substitute to in-person visits, we also quickly introduced our tele-physical therapy offering to improve access for our patients that require physical therapy but were not comfortable with in-person sessions. In response to the suppressed volumes, we quickly down-sized our workforce to better match clinicians to demand at the local level. At the same time, we took significant measures to make sure our employees were cared for, including maintaining health benefits for furloughed workers and reducing executive compensation to establish an employee relief pool that provided assistance to our employees most in need. 
 Governmental Regulations and Supervision 
 We are subject to extensive federal, state and local government laws and regulations, including Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rules and regulations, anti-kickback laws, self-referral prohibition statutes, false claims statutes, exclusions statutes, civil monetary penalty statutes and associated regulations, among others. We are also subject to federal and state laws that regulate the reimbursement of our services and that are designed to prevent fraud and abuse, and impose state licensure and corporate practice of medicine restrictions, as well as federal and state laws and regulations relating to the privacy of individually identifiable information. We maintain a robust compliance program, have made significant investments around our controls across the organization, and we periodically conduct compliance audits and reviews along with compliance training designed to keep our officers, directors and employees educated and up-to-date and to emphasize our policy of strict compliance. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Reimbursement; Fraud and Abuse 
 We are subject to laws regulating reimbursement under various federal and state healthcare programs. The marketing, billing, documenting and other practices of healthcare companies are all subject to government scrutiny. To ensure compliance with Medicare, Medicaid and other regulations, health insurance carriers and state agencies often conduct audits and request customer records and other documents to support our claims submitted for payment of services rendered to customers. Similarly, government agencies and their contractors periodically open investigations and obtain information from us and from healthcare providers pursuant to the legal process. Violations of federal and state regulations can result in severe criminal, civil and administrative penalties and sanctions, including disqualification from Medicare and other reimbursement programs, which could significantly impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Various federal and state laws prohibit the submission of false or fraudulent claims, including claims to obtain payment under Medicare, Medicaid, and other government healthcare programs. These laws include the federal False Claims Act, which prohibits persons or entities from knowingly submitting or causing to be submitted a claim that the person knew or should have known (i) to be false or fraudulent; (ii) for items or services not provided or provided as claimed; or (iii) was provided by an individual not otherwise qualified or who was excluded from participation in federal healthcare programs. The False Claims Act also imposes penalties for requests for payment that otherwise violate conditions of participation in federal healthcare programs or other healthcare compliance laws. In recent years, federal and state government agencies have increased the level of enforcement resources and activities targeted at the healthcare industry. Additionally, the False Claims Act and similar state statutes allow individuals to bring lawsuits on behalf of the government, in what are known as qui tam or whistleblower actions, and can result in civil and criminal fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs. The use of these private enforcement actions against healthcare providers has increased dramatically in recent years, in part because the individual filing the initial complaint is entitled to share in a portion of any settlement or judgment. Revisions to the False Claims Act enacted in 2009 expanded significantly the scope of liability, provided for new investigative tools, and made it easier for whistleblowers to bring and maintain False Claims Act suits on behalf of the government. 
 Anti-Kickback Regulations 
 We are subject to federal and state laws regulating financial relationships involving federally-reimbursable healthcare services. These laws include Section 1128B(b) of the Social Security Act (the Anti-Kickback Law ), under which civil and criminal penalties can be imposed upon persons who, among other things, offer, solicit, pay or receive remuneration in return for (i) the referral of patients for the rendering of any item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, by a federal health care program (including Medicare and Medicaid); or (ii) purchasing, leasing, ordering, or arranging for or recommending purchasing, leasing, ordering any good, facility, service, or item for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, by a federal health care program (including Medicare and Medicaid). We believe that our business procedures and business arrangements are in compliance with these laws and regulations. However, the provisions are broadly written and the full extent of their specific application to specific facts and arrangements to which we are a party is uncertain and difficult to predict. In addition, several states have enacted state laws similar to the Anti-Kickback Law, many of which are more restrictive than the federal Anti-Kickback Law. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 The Office of the Inspector General OIG of the Health and Human Services Department has issued regulations describing compensation arrangements that fall within a Safe Harbor and, therefore, are not viewed as illegal remuneration under the Anti-Kickback Law. Failure to fall within a Safe Harbor does not mean that the Anti-Kickback Law has been violated; however, the OIG has indicated that failure to fall within a Safe Harbor may subject an arrangement to increased scrutiny under a facts and circumstances test. Federal case law provides limited guidance as to the application of the Anti-Kickback Law to these arrangements. However, we believe our arrangements, including our compensation and financial arrangements, comply with the Anti-Kickback Law. If our arrangements are found to violate the Anti-Kickback Law, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Penalties for violations include denial of payment for the services, significant criminal and civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. In addition, claims resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Law are considered false for purposes of the False Claims Act. 
 Physician Self-Referral 
 Provisions of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 1395nn) (the Stark Law prohibit referrals by a physician of designated health services which are payable, in whole or in part, by Medicare or Medicaid, to an entity in which the physician or the physician s immediate family member has an investment interest or other financial relationship, subject to several exceptions. The Stark Law is a strict liability statute and proof of intent to violate the Stark Law is not required. Physical therapy services are among the designated health services subject to the Stark Law. Further, the Stark Law has application to our management contracts with individual physicians and physician groups, as well as, any other financial relationship between us and referring physicians, including medical advisor arrangements and any financial transaction resulting from a clinic acquisition. The Stark Law also prohibits billing for services rendered pursuant to a prohibited referral. Several states have enacted laws similar to the Stark Law. These state laws may cover all (not just Medicare and Medicaid) patients. As with the Anti-Kickback Law, we consider the Stark Law in planning our clinics, establishing contractual and other arrangements with physicians, marketing and other activities, and believe that our operations are in compliance with the Stark Law. If we violate the Stark Law or any similar state laws, our financial results and operations could be adversely affected. Penalties for violations include denial of payment for the services, significant civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
 Corporate Practice; Fee-Splitting; Professional Licensure 
 The laws of some states restrict or prohibit the corporate practice of medicine, meaning business corporations cannot provide medical services through the direct employment of medical providers, or by exercising control over medical decisions by medical providers. In some states, the specific restrictions explicitly apply to physical therapy services, in others the specific restrictions have been interpreted to apply to physical therapy services or are not fully developed. The specific restrictions with respect to enforcement of the corporate practice of medicine or physical therapy vary from state to state and certain states in which we operate may present higher risk than others. 
 Many states also have laws that prohibit a non-physical therapy entity, individual, or provider fee-splitting. Generally, these laws restrict business arrangements that involve a physical therapist sharing professional fees with a referral source, but in some states, these laws have been interpreted to extend to management agreements between physical therapists and business entities under some circumstances. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that each of our facilities and medical provider partners comply with any current corporate practice and fee-splitting laws of the state in which they are located. However, such laws and regulations vary from state to state and are enforced by governmental, judicial, law enforcement or regulatory authorities with broad discretion. We cannot be certain that our interpretation of certain laws and regulations is correct with respect to how we have structured our operations, service agreements and other arrangements with physical therapists in the states in which we operate. Future interpretations of corporate practice and fee-splitting laws, the enactment of new legislation, or the adoption of new regulations relating to these laws could cause us to have to restructure our business operations or close our facilities in a particular state. 
 Health Information Practices 
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA") required the Health and Human Services Department to adopt standards to protect the privacy and security of individually identifiable health-related information. HIPAA created a source of funding for fraud control to coordinate federal, state and local healthcare law enforcement programs, conduct investigations, provide guidance to the healthcare industry concerning fraudulent healthcare practices, and establish a national data bank to receive and report final adverse actions. HIPAA also criminalized certain forms of health fraud against all public and private payors. Additionally, HIPAA mandates the adoption of standards regarding the exchange of healthcare information in an effort to ensure the privacy and electronic security of patient information and standards relating to the privacy of health information. Sanctions for failing to comply with HIPAA include criminal penalties and civil sanctions. In February of 2009, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 ARRA was signed into law. Title XIII of ARRA, HITECH, provided for substantial Medicare and Medicaid incentives for providers to adopt electronic health records EHRs and grants for the development of health information exchange HIE ). Recognizing that HIE and EHR systems will not be implemented unless the public can be assured that the privacy and security of patient information in such systems is protected, HITECH also significantly expanded the scope of the privacy and security requirements under HIPAA. Most notable are the mandatory breach notification requirements and a heightened enforcement scheme that includes increased penalties, and which now apply to business associates as well as to covered entities. In addition to HIPAA, a number of states have adopted laws and/or regulations applicable in the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information that can be more stringent than comparable provisions under HIPAA. 
 In addition to HIPAA, there are numerous federal and state laws and regulations addressing patient and consumer privacy concerns, including unauthorized access or theft of personal information. State statutes and regulations vary from state to state, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA. 
 We believe that our operations comply with applicable standards for privacy and security of protected healthcare information. We cannot predict what negative effect, if any, HIPAA/HITECH or any applicable state law or regulation will have on our business. 
 Other Regulatory Factors 
 Political, economic and regulatory influences are fundamentally changing the healthcare industry in the United States. Congress, state legislatures and the private sector continue to review and assess alternative healthcare delivery and payment systems. Potential alternative approaches could include mandated basic healthcare benefits, controls on healthcare spending through limitations on the growth of private health insurance premiums and Medicare and Medicaid spending, the creation of large insurance purchasing groups, and price controls. Legislative debate is expected to continue in the future and market forces are expected to demand only modest increases or reduced costs. For instance, managed care entities are demanding lower reimbursement rates from healthcare providers and, in some cases, are requiring or encouraging providers to accept capitated payments that may not allow providers to cover their full costs or realize traditional levels of profitability. We cannot reasonably predict what impact the adoption of federal or state healthcare reform measures or future private sector reform may have on our business. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information 
 We are subject to the information and periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, therefore, file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such periodic reports, proxy statements and other information are available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 Our website address is www.atipt.com. Our filings with the SEC, as well as other pertinent financial and Company information, are available at no cost on our website through the investor relations section as soon as reasonably practicable after the filing of such reports with the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated as a part of this Annual Report. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below before deciding to invest in our Common Stock, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
 The following risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our Common Stock could decline. The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 We are providing the following summary of the risk factors contained in our Form 10-K to enhance the readability and usefulness of our risk factor disclosures. This summary should be read in conjunction with the full risk factors contained in this Form 10-K and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. The order of presentation is not necessarily indicative of the level of risk that each factor poses to us. 
 Our liquidity position raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; 
 If we fail to comply with covenants related to our debt agreement or our Series A Senior Preferred Stock, it could result in the acceleration of some or all of our debt and preferred stock obligations; 
 We depend upon governmental payors through Medicare and Medicaid; 
 Growth in Medicaid expenditures is not anticipated; 
 Payments we receive from Medicare and Medicaid are subject to potential retroactive reduction; 
 We depend upon reimbursement by third-party payors; 
 Payments from workers compensation payors may be reduced or eliminated; 
 Our payor contracts are subject to renegotiation or termination; 
 We are subject to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics / pandemics; 
 We are subject to risks related to COVID-19, including the impact on our workforce of mandatory COVID-19 vaccinations and reduced clinic visits; 
 We may be adversely affected by natural disasters, pandemics and other catastrophic events; 
 We are subject to increases in cost inflation and risks related to a potential recession; 
 We operate in a competitive industry; 
 We may be unable to use our net operating loss carryforwards; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Rapid technological change in our industry presents us with significant risks and challenges; 
 We may be unable to maintain high levels of service and patient satisfaction; 
 Our current locations may become unattractive and attractive new locations may not be available for a reasonable price, if at all; 
 We may incur closure costs and losses; 
 Our ability to generate revenue is highly sensitive to the strength of the economies, demographics and populations of the local communities that we serve; 
 The size and expected growth of our addressable market has not been established with precision and may be smaller than estimated; 
 Our financial results could vary significantly from quarter to quarter and are difficult to predict; 
 As participants in Medicare and Medicaid programs, we are subject to various governmental laws and regulations; 
 An adverse inspection, review, audit or investigation could result in fines, penalties and other sanctions, including license revocation or exclusion from participation in the Medicare or Medicaid programs or one or more managed care payor networks; 
 The issuance of additional equity securities in the future would result in dilution to existing holders of our Common Stock; 
 We may issue debt or debt securities convertible into equity securities that are senior to our Common Stock as to distributions or in liquidation; 
 Future issuances of our Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock, as well as sales of our Common Stock in the public markets, or the perception of such issuances or sales, could depress the trading price of our Common Stock; 
 The price and volume of our Common Stock have been volatile and fluctuates substantially; 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention; 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified members of our Board of Directors; 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud which could subject us to regulatory sanctions, harm our business and operating results and cause the trading price of our Common Stock to decline; 
 Our efforts to regain compliance and continue operating as an NYSE-listed public company involve continued significant costs and devotion of substantial management time, and may ultimately not be successful; and 
 Inaccurate or unfavorable analyst research reports or reduced analyst coverage could adversely affect our stock price and trading volume. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Liquidity 
 Our liquidity position raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 The Company has negative operating cash flows, operating losses and net losses in the current year. Based on current liquidity and projected cash use, the Company anticipates violation of its 30.0 million minimum liquidity covenant under its 2022 Credit Agreement within the next twelve months. As a result of the above factors, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within the twelve months following the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the period ended December 31, 2022. 
 If the Company does not complete the Transaction as contemplated by the TSA or otherwise access additional financing, the Company will need to consider other alternatives, including pursuing separate amendments to or waivers of the minimum liquidity covenant, the requirement to deliver audited financial statements without certain going concern qualifications, and other requirements under the 2022 Credit Agreement, as well as raising funds from other sources, obtaining alternate financing, disposal of assets, or pursuing other strategic alternatives to improve its liquidity position and business results. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in completing the Transaction or accessing such alternative options or financing when needed. Failure to do so could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may lead to events including bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency. 
 In addition, the report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm accompanying the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contains an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Absent an amendment or waiver, the 2022 Credit Agreement provides that the receipt of a report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm containing an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern could be an event of default, subject to certain exceptions. Pursuant to the TSA, the First Lien Lenders have agreed that, prior to the Outside Closing Date, they will forbear in the exercise of any rights, remedies, powers, privileges and defenses under the 2022 Credit Agreement arising on account of a default, alleged default or event of default (if any) resulting from the going concern explanatory paragraph in the report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm accompanying the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. However, if the transactions contemplated by the TSA are not consummated on its terms or at all, the First Lien Lenders could claim that a default or event of default has occurred under the 2022 Credit Agreement. If such claim is not waived by the First Lien Lenders and the Company is unsuccessful in disputing any such claims (including with respect to the applicability of one of the enumerated exceptions to the 2022 Credit Agreement requirement), the Company could be considered to have an event of default after the expiration of the applicable cure periods. In such event, all amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Facility, together with any accrued interest, could then be declared immediately due and payable and could be reclassified to current in the Company's consolidated financial statements for the period. A default on our obligations and an acceleration of our indebtedness by our lenders would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may lead to events including bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency. 
 On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into a Transaction Support Agreement (the TSA with certain of its first lien lenders under the 2022 Credit Agreement (the "First Lien Lenders"), the administrative agent under the 2022 Credit Agreement, holders of its Series A Senior Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Equityholders") and holders of the majority of its common stock (together with the First Lien Lenders and the Preferred Equityholders, the Parties ), setting forth the principal terms of a comprehensive transaction to enhance the Company's liquidity (the "Transaction"). Pursuant to the TSA, and subject to the terms and conditions thereof, the Parties have agreed to support, act in good faith and take all steps reasonably necessary and desirable to consummate the transactions referenced therein by June 15, 2023 (the Outside Closing Date ). 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 The TSA contemplates, among other things, (i) a delayed draw new money financing, available under certain circumstances until the 18 month anniversary of the closing date of the transactions, in an aggregate principal amount equal to 25.0 million in the form of new second lien PIK exchangeable notes Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes ), (ii) exchange of 100.0 million of the aggregate principal amount of the term loans under the 2022 Credit Facility held by certain of the Preferred Equityholders for Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes, (iii) a reduction of the thresholds applicable to the minimum liquidity financial covenant under the 2022 Credit Agreement for certain periods, (iv) a waiver of the requirement to comply with the Secured Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant under the 2022 Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 and a modification of the levels and certain component definitions applicable thereto in the fiscal quarters ending after December 31, 2024, (v) waiver of the requirement for the Company to deliver audited financial statements without certain going concern qualifications for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2024, (vi) an increase in the interest rate payable on the existing term loans and revolving loans until the achievement of a specified financial metric and (vii) board representation and observer rights, and other changes to the governance of the Company. The Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes would be exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock of the Company at a fixed price of 0.25, and the holders thereof would have the right to vote on corporate matters on an as-exchanged basis. The TSA contains certain representations, warranties and other agreements by the Company and Parties. In accordance with the TSA, the First Lien Lenders agreed that, prior to the Outside Closing Date, they will forbear in the exercise of any rights, remedies, powers, privileges and defenses under the 2022 Credit Agreement arising on account of an alleged default or event of default (if any) resulting from the going concern explanatory paragraph in the independent auditors' report accompanying the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Credit Agreement Forbearance"). The Parties' obligations under the TSA are, and the closing of the Transaction is, subject to various customary terms and conditions set forth therein, including the execution and delivery of definitive documentation and approval by the Company's stockholders. 
 There is no assurance that the transactions contemplated by the TSA will be consummated on the terms as described above, on a timely basis or at all. 
 We may be unable to generate sufficient cash and may be required to take other actions, which may not be successful, to satisfy our obligations. 
 To the extent our operating cash flows, together with our cash on hand and access to our revolving credit facility, become insufficient to cover our liquidity and capital requirements, including funds for any future acquisitions and other corporate transactions, we may be required to seek third-party financing or an alternative liquidity or capital transaction. There can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain any required financing, or complete an alternative liquidity or capital transaction, on a timely basis or at all. Further, lenders and other financial institutions could require us to agree to more restrictive covenants, grant liens on our assets as collateral and/or accept other terms that are not commercially beneficial to us in order to obtain financing. Such terms could further restrict our operations and exacerbate any impact on our results of operations and liquidity. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 We have outstanding indebtedness and may incur additional debt in the future. 
 We have outstanding indebtedness that could have detrimental consequences on our ability to obtain additional debt or other financing as needed for working capital, acquisition costs, other capital expenditures or general corporate purposes. We cannot be certain that cash flow from operations will be sufficient to allow us to pay principal and interest on the debt, support operations and meet other obligations. If we do not have the resources to meet our obligations, we may be required to refinance all or part of our outstanding debt, sell assets or borrow more money. We may not be able to do so on acceptable terms, in a timely manner, or at all. If we are unable to refinance our debt on acceptable terms, we may be forced to dispose of our assets on disadvantageous terms, potentially resulting in losses. Defaults under our debt agreement could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Certain of our borrowings and other obligations are based upon variable rates of interest, which could result in higher expense in the event of increases in interest rates. 
 Borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement are subject to variable rates of interest and subject us to interest rate risk. During 2022, a rising interest rate environment was observed and interest rates may continue to rise again in the future. Such increases in interest rates would increase interest payment obligations under the 2022 Credit Agreement and could have a negative effect on our cash flow and/or financial condition. 
 At times, we have sought to reduce our exposure to interest rate fluctuations by entering into interest rate hedging arrangements. However, any hedging arrangements we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk, may prove disadvantageous or may create additional risks. 
 Our outstanding indebtedness and our Series A Senior Preferred Stock contains covenants that may limit certain operating and financial decisions. Non-compliance with these covenants may result in the acceleration of our indebtedness which could lead to bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency. 
 Our credit agreement contains restrictive and financial covenants, and the Certificate of Designation for our Series A Senior Preferred Stock contains provisions that impose significant operating and financial restrictions that may limit our ability to take actions that may be in our long-term best interest. Our credit agreement contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, reporting and other affirmative covenants and negative covenants including, but not limited to, requirements related to the delivery of independent audit reports without certain going concern qualifications, limitations on indebtedness, liens, investments, negative pledges, dividends, junior debt payments, fundamental changes and asset sales and affiliate transactions. The financial covenants also require us to maintain minimum liquidity or a secured net leverage ratio as of each fiscal quarter end, which we may be unable to meet. 
 In addition, the Certificate of Designation for our Series A Senior Preferred Stock contains provisions that may likewise impose significant operating and financial restrictions on our business. If an Event of Noncompliance (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) occurs, then the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Senior Preferred Stock (but excluding any shares of Series A Senior Preferred Stock then held by Advent International Corporation or its controlled affiliates) (the Majority Holders have the right to demand that the Company engage in a sale/refinancing process for the Series A Senior Preferred Stock. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to comply with our debt agreement or our Series A Senior Preferred Stock could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition or results of operation. If we are unable to cure covenant defaults within any applicable grace periods or obtain waivers or acceptable refinancing, such defaults could result in the acceleration of some or all of our indebtedness, which could lead to bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency. 
 Risks Relating to our Business and Industry 
 We depend upon governmental payors through Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement and decreases in Medicare reimbursement rates may adversely affect our financial results. 
 A significant portion of our net patient revenue is derived from governmental third-party payors. In 2022, approximately 24.2 of our net patient revenue was derived from Medicare and Medicaid. In recent years, through legislative and regulatory actions, the federal government has made substantial changes to various payment systems under the Medicare program. Additional reforms or other changes to these payment systems may be proposed or adopted, either by the U.S. Congress Congress or by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), including bundled payments, outcomes-based payment methodologies and a shift away from traditional fee-for-service reimbursement. If revised regulations are adopted, the availability, methods and rates of Medicare reimbursements for services of the type furnished at our facilities could change. Some of these changes and proposed changes could adversely affect our business strategy, operations and financial results. The Medicare program reimburses outpatient rehabilitation providers based on the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule MPFS ). Beginning in January 2021, the physical therapy industry observed a reduction of Medicare reimbursement rates of approximately 3 in accordance with the MPFS for therapy services. Beginning in January 2022, the physical therapy industry observed a reduction of Medicare reimbursement rates of approximately 0.75 , as well as a 15 decrease in payments for services performed by physical therapy assistants. Additionally, a further reduction through resuming sequestration was postponed. Sequestration reductions resumed at 1 after March 31, 2022, and by an additional 1 after June 30, 2022, which resulted in an overall reduction of 2 in reimbursement rates related to sequestration after June 30, 2022. In July 2022, the CMS released its proposed 2023 MPFS which called for an approximate 4.5 reduction in the calendar year 2023 conversion factor. In December 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act (2023) was signed into law. The Consolidated Appropriations Act (2023) provides partial relief related to Medicare cuts including 2.5 relief in 2023 and 1.25 relief in 2024. As a result, the reimbursement rate reduction beginning in January 2023 was approximately 2.0 . 
 Statutes, regulations and payment rules governing the delivery of therapy services to Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries are complex and subject to interpretation. Compliance with such laws and regulations requires significant expense and management attention and can be subject to future government review and interpretation, as well as significant regulatory actions, including fines, penalties and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs if we are found to be in non-compliance. Any required actions to return to compliance, or any challenges to such regulatory actions, could be costly and time consuming and may not result in a favorable reversal of any such fines, penalties or exclusions. 
 Given the history of frequent revisions to the Medicare and Medicaid programs and their complexity, reimbursement rates and rules, we may not continue to receive reimbursement rates from Medicare or Medicaid that sufficiently compensate us for services or, in some instances, cover operating costs. Limits on reimbursement rates or the scope of services being reimbursed could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, any delay or default by the federal or state governments in making Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement payments could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We anticipate the federal and state governments to continue their efforts to contain growth in Medicaid expenditures, which could adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 
 Medicaid spending has increased rapidly in recent years, becoming a significant component of state budgets. This, combined with slower state revenue growth, has led the federal government and many states to institute measures aimed at controlling the growth of Medicaid spending, and in some instances reducing aggregate Medicaid spending. We expect these state and federal efforts to continue for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, not all of the states in which we operate have elected to expand Medicaid as part of federal healthcare reform legislation. There can be no assurance that the program, on the current terms or otherwise, will continue for any particular period of time beyond the foreseeable future. Historically, state budget pressures have translated into reductions in state spending. In addition, an economic downturn, coupled with sustained unemployment, may also impact the number of enrollees in managed care programs as well as the profitability of managed care companies, which could result in reduced reimbursement rates. If Medicaid reimbursement rates are reduced or fail to increase as quickly as our costs, or if there are changes in the rules governing the Medicaid program that are disadvantageous to our business, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Payments we receive from Medicare and Medicaid are subject to potential retroactive reduction. 
 Payments we receive from Medicare and Medicaid can be retroactively adjusted during the claims settlement process or as a result of post-payment audits. Payors may disallow our requests for reimbursement, or recoup amounts previously reimbursed, based on determinations by the payors or their third-party audit contractors that certain costs are not reimbursable because the documentation provided was inadequate or because certain services were not covered or were deemed medically unnecessary. Significant adjustments, recoupments or repayments of our Medicare or Medicaid revenue, and the costs associated with complying with audits and investigations by regulatory and governmental authorities, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, from time to time we become aware, either based on information provided by third-parties and/or the results of internal reviews, of payments from payor sources that were either wholly or partially in excess of the amount that we should have been paid for the services provided. We are also subject to regular post-payment inquiries, investigations and audits of the claims we submit to Medicare and Medicaid for payment for our services. These post-payment reviews have increased as a result of government cost-containment initiatives. Overpayments may result from a variety of factors, including insufficient documentation to support the services rendered or the medical necessity of such services, or other failures to document the satisfaction of the necessary conditions of payment. We are required by law in most instances to refund the full amount of the overpayment after becoming aware of it, and failure to do so within requisite time limits imposed by applicable law could lead to significant fines and penalties being imposed on us. Furthermore, initial billing of and payments for services that are unsupported by the requisite documentation and satisfaction of any other conditions of payment, regardless of our awareness of the failure at the time of the billing or payment, could expose us to significant fines and penalties. We and/or certain of our operating companies could also be subject to exclusion from participation in the Medicare or Medicaid programs in some circumstances, in addition to any monetary or other fines, penalties or sanctions that we may incur under applicable federal and/or state law. Our repayment of any overpayments, as well as any related fines, penalties or other sanctions that we may be subject to, and any costs incurred in responding to requests for records or pursuing the reversal of payment denials, could be significant and could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time we are also involved in various external governmental investigations, subpoenas, audits and reviews, including in connection with our claims for reimbursement and associated payments. Reviews, audits and investigations of this sort can lead to governmental subpoenas or other actions, which can result in the assessment of damages, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other sanctions, including restrictions or changes in the way we conduct business, loss of licensure or exclusion from participation in government programs. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, becoming subject to these governmental subpoenas, investigations, audits and reviews can require us to incur significant legal and document production expenses as we cooperate with the governmental authorities, regardless of whether the particular investigation, audit or review leads to the identification of underlying issues. 
 We depend upon reimbursement by third-party payors. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is derived from third-party payors. In 2022, approximately 57.6 of our net patient revenue was derived from commercial payors. These private third-party payors attempt to control healthcare costs by contracting with healthcare providers to obtain services on a discounted basis. We believe that this trend may continue and may limit reimbursement for healthcare services in the future. In addition, Company claims are closely scrutinized, and failure to submit accurate and complete clinical documentation, including specific documentation by the service provider, could result in adverse actions taken by the payor. Further, if insurers or managed care companies from whom we receive substantial payments were to reduce the amounts they pay for services, our profit margins may decline, or we may lose patients if we choose not to renew our contracts with these insurers at lower rates. In addition, in certain geographical areas, our clinics must be approved as providers by key health maintenance organizations and preferred provider plans. Failure to obtain or maintain these approvals would adversely affect our financial results. 
 If payments from workers compensation payors are reduced or eliminated, our revenue and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 In 2022, approximately 12.4 of our net patient revenue was derived from workers compensation payors. State workers compensation laws and regulations vary and changes to state laws could result in decreased reimbursement by third-party payors for physical therapy services, which could have an adverse impact on our revenue. Further, payments received under certain workers compensation arrangements may be based on pre-determined state fee schedules, which may be impacted by changes in state funding. Any modification to such schedules that reduces our ability to receive payments from workers compensation payors could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We may continue to experience unfavorable changes in rates and payor and service mix shifts toward lower reimbursing payor classes as opposed to higher reimbursing classes such as workers' compensation and auto personal injury. These changes may reflect longer term trends in our markets. Adverse changes in payor mix and/or payor rates are likely to adversely affect our results of operations in future periods, which effects may be material. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Our payor contracts are subject to renegotiation or termination, which could result in a decrease in our revenue or profits. 
 The majority of our payor contracts are subject to termination by either party. Such contracts are routinely amended (sometimes through unilateral action by payors with respect to payment policies), renegotiated, subjected to bidding processes with our competitors, or terminated altogether. Oftentimes in the renegotiation process, certain lines of business may not be renewed or a payor may enlarge its provider network or otherwise change the way it conducts its business in a way that adversely impacts our revenue. In other cases, a payor may reduce its provider network in exchange for lower payment rates. Our revenue from a payor may also be adversely affected if the payor alters its utilization management expectations and/or administrative procedures for payments and audits, changes its order of preference among the providers to which it refers business or imposes a third-party administrator, network manager or other intermediary. 
 We are subject to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics / pandemics, such as COVID-19 (including variants and any future emerging variants). 
 Our operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics / pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic that has spread globally since early 2020. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic (including variants and any future emerging variants) has had, and may continue to have, a material and adverse impact on our operations, including through restrictions on the operation of physical locations, potential cancellations of physical therapy patient appointments, clinical staff unavailable to work due to sickness or exposure and a decline in the scheduling of new or additional patient appointments. Due to these impacts and measures, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant and unpredictable reductions and cancellations of patient visits. 
 The spread of COVID-19, and the related global, national and regional policy response has also led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which increases economic uncertainty and the cost of, and adversely impacts access to, capital. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused economic impacts with potentially extended duration, and could directly or indirectly cause a global recession, continued elevated wage inflation, inflation in the cost of goods, services and other operating inputs, changes in the market interest rate environment and other economic impacts. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted the global economy and caused significant macroeconomic uncertainty. Infection rates have varied across the country in which we operate. As we have experienced with recent variants, there may be additional waves of infection, which could be more contagious than prior waves. Governmental authorities have implemented numerous and constantly evolving measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, masking recommendations and mandates, vaccine recommendations and mandates, limits on gatherings, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and business shutdowns. Government measures intended to address the COVID-19 pandemic, such as mandatory quarantines, vaccine mandates and regular testing requirements, could also impact the availability of our employees or other workers or could lead to attrition of key employees or reduced visits. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Our financial results have been, and are expected to continue to be, negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Visits per day decreased approximately 50.5 , 27.9 and 24.4 in the quarters ended June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2020, respectively, in relation to the comparative prior year periods. While we have experienced relative increases in quarterly visits per day following the low point in the quarter ended June 30, 2020, we continue to experience lower aggregate patient volumes in many geographic areas in which we operate as compared to prior to the pandemic. Visits per day during the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 86.7 of visits per day during the year ended December 31, 2019. The current economic conditions resulting from COVID-19 have significantly impacted consumer behavior, which have reduced, and could continue to reduce, customer spend on certain medical procedures, including physical therapy, in both the short- and medium-term. Furthermore, we are unable to predict the impact that COVID-19 may have going forward on our business, results of operations or financial position of any of our major payors, which could impact each payor to a varying degree and at different times and could ultimately impact our own financial performance. Certain of our competitors may also be better equipped to weather the impact of COVID-19 and be better able to address changes in customer demand. 
 Additionally, enhanced cleaning, sanitization and social distancing protocols, mask policy for all clinicians, patients and support staff and screening protocols for all employees and patients designed to identify possible COVID-19 symptoms, and initiatives we may take in the future, require expenditures of time and resources that we would otherwise be investing in growing the business and could result in slower growth and opportunity costs. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic could cause any of the impacts described above to recur or could cause other unpredictable events, including events that could impact our ability to access funds from financial institutions and capital markets on terms favorable to us, or at all, and there can be no assurance that the COVID-19 pandemic will not materially impact our results of operations and financial position in the future. Further, even though certain vaccines have been widely distributed and accepted in some geographies, there can be no assurance that the vaccines will ultimately be successful in limiting or stopping the spread of COVID-19, either over the long-term or against new, emerging variants of COVID-19. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, the U.S. economy and other major global economies may experience a recession, and we anticipate our business and operations could be materially adversely affected by a prolonged recession in the U.S. and other major markets. Therefore, it remains difficult to predict the ultimate impact of the pandemic on our results of operations and financial position. In addition to the extent that COVID-19 adversely affects our results of operations or financial position, it may also heighten the other risks described in this Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the various governmental responses to it impact our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous other evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: 
 the duration and scope of the pandemic; 
 the effectiveness of vaccines against COVID-19 (including against emerging variant strains); 
 governmental, business and individual actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic, and the resulting impacts on our patient volumes and other aspects of our business; 
 the impact on our workforce of mandatory COVID-19 vaccination of employees; 
 availability and size of the clinical labor force, competition for the employment of clinical labor and wage inflation related to clinical labor; 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to comply with the requirements necessary to retain the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act provider relief funds we received; 
 the effect on our patient, physician and facility referral sources and demand and ability to pay for physical therapy services; 
 disruptions of or restrictions on the ability of our employees to travel and to work, including as a result of their health and well-being; 
 availability of third-party providers to whom we outsource portions of our internal business functions, including billing and administrative functions relating to revenue cycle management; 
 increased cybersecurity risks as a result of remote working conditions; 
 the availability and cost of accessing the capital markets; 
 our ability to pursue, diligence, finance and integrate acquisitions; 
 our ability to comply with financial and operating covenants in our debt, preferred stock and operating lease agreements; and 
 potential for goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges. 
 Furthermore, COVID-19 could increase the magnitude of many of the other risks described herein and have other adverse effects on our operations that we are not currently able to predict. Additionally, we may also be required to delay or limit our internal strategies in the short- and medium-term by, for example, redirecting significant resources and management attention away from implementing our strategic priorities or executing opportunistic corporate development transactions. 
 The magnitude of the effect of COVID-19 on our business will depend, in part, on the length and severity of the COVID-19- related restrictions (including the effects of any re-opening actions and plans) and other limitations on our ability to conduct its business in the ordinary course. The longer the pandemic continues, the more severe the impacts described above will be on our business (which may also be disproportionately larger in certain local areas compared to the national level). The extent, length and consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic are uncertain and impossible to predict. COVID-19 and other similar outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and could cause significant volatility in the trading prices of our securities. 
 We are subject to risks related to the impact on our workforce of mandatory COVID-19 vaccination of employees. 
 We operate in certain states that currently mandate COVID-19 vaccines for healthcare workers. While certain states have removed vaccination requirements, or allow for alternative methods to comply with such vaccination requirements, it is not possible to predict potential changes to these regulations or the impact that these regulations may have on the Company or its workforce. Similar mandatory vaccination or testing requirements that may become applicable to our employees, at the federal, state or local levels, may result in employee attrition and could have a material adverse effect on our business, including future revenue, costs and results of operations. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to increases in the cost inflation necessary for the provision of our services and we may not be able to fully offset this cost inflation on a timely basis or at all. 
 Many of the components of our cost of services are subject to price increases that are attributable to factors beyond our control, including but not limited to, costs of clinician services and other professional services, contract labor, janitorial services, support staff services and clinic supplies. In the latter part of 2021 and continuing in 2022, input costs have increased materially and at a historically high rate. The pressures of input cost inflation may continue. To the extent we are unable to offset present and future input cost increases, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We operate in a competitive industry, and if we are not able to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. 
 Current or potential patients may seek competitive services in lieu of our services. If we are unable to compete successfully in the physical therapy industry, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 The outpatient physical therapy market is rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and subject to vertical integration. Such vertical integration could reduce the market opportunity for our services. Competition may intensify in the future as existing competitors and new entrants introduce new physical therapy services and platforms. We currently face competition from a range of companies, including other incumbent providers of physical therapy consultation services, that are continuing to grow and enhance their service offerings and develop more sophisticated and effective service platforms. In addition, since there are limited capital expenditures required for providing physical therapy services, there are few financial barriers to enter the industry. Other companies could enter the healthcare industry in the future and divert some or all of our business. Competition from specialized physical therapy service providers, healthcare providers, hospital systems and other parties may result in continued pricing and volume pressures, which would be likely to lead to price and volume declines in certain of our services, all of which could negatively impact our sales, profitability and market share. 
 Referrals and other methods of driving patient volumes are important to our profitability. We have implemented and are implementing strategies to improve our level of referrals, and if these measures are not successful, or if we are not able to successfully capture referrals or visit demand, it could lead to a decline in patient volumes and revenues, which could negatively impact our profitability and market share. 
 Some competitors may have greater name recognition, longer operating histories and significantly greater resources than us. Further, our current or potential competitors may be acquired by third-parties with greater available resources. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than us to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or client requirements and may have the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition. In addition, current and potential competitors have established, and may in the future establish, cooperative relationships with vendors of complementary products, technologies or services to increase the availability of their services in the marketplace. Accordingly, new competitors or alliances may emerge that have greater market share, a larger client base, more widely adopted proprietary technologies, greater marketing expertise, greater financial resources or larger sales forces than ours, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Our competitors could also be better positioned to serve certain geographies or segments of the physical therapy market, which could create additional price and volume pressure. As we expand into new geographical areas, we may encounter competitors with stronger relationships or recognition in the community in such new areas, which could give those competitors an advantage in obtaining new patients or retaining existing ones. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 We also compete for physical therapists and we experienced elevated levels of attrition during periods of 2021 and 2022, which has had and may continue to have adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, as well as our ability to open new clinics. We have taken and are continuing to take actions to increase hiring, reduce attrition and optimize clinician hours based on available workforce, but the impact of hiring and attrition has impacted overall profitability through wage inflation, greater benefits, and increases in other employee costs, as well as required a higher use of contract labor in difficult to staff markets. These labor market dynamics and level of competition are likely to continue. The ultimate impact on our business and industry remains difficult to predict, but may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Moreover, we expect that competition will continue to increase as a result of consolidation in the healthcare industry. Many healthcare industry participants are consolidating to create integrated healthcare systems with greater market power, including, in some cases, integrating physical therapy services with their core medical practices. As provider networks and managed care organizations consolidate, thus decreasing the number of market participants, competition to provide services like ours may become more intense, and the importance of establishing and maintaining relationships with key industry participants will become greater. 
 Rapid technological change in our industry presents us with significant risks and challenges. 
 The healthcare market is characterized by rapid technological change, changing consumer requirements, short product lifecycles and evolving industry standards. Our success will depend on our ability to enhance our brands with next-generation technologies and to develop, acquire and market new services to access new consumer populations. Moreover, we may not be successful in developing, using, selling or maintaining new technologies effectively or adapting solutions to evolving client requirements or emerging industry standards, and, as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, we have limited insight into trends that might develop and later affect our business, and which could lead to errors in our analysis of available data or in predicting and reacting to relevant business, legal and regulatory trends and healthcare reform. Further, there can be no assurance that technological advances by one or more of our current or future competitors will not result in our present or future solutions and services becoming uncompetitive or obsolete. If any of these events occur, it could harm our business. 
 Inability to maintain high levels of service and patient satisfaction could adversely affect our business. 
 Failure to retain and attract sufficient numbers of qualified personnel could strain our human resources department and impede our growth or result in ineffective growth. In addition, if demand for our services increases, we need to increase our patient services and other personnel, as well as our network of partners, to provide personalized patient service. If we are not able to continue to provide high quality physical therapy services with high levels of patient satisfaction, our reputation, as well as our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Our current locations may become unattractive, and attractive new locations may not be available for a reasonable price, if at all, which could adversely affect our business. 
 The success of any of our clinics depends in substantial part on their locations. There can be no assurance that the current locations will continue to be attractive as demographic patterns and trade areas change. For example, neighborhood or economic conditions where our clinics are located could decline in the future, thus resulting in potentially reduced patient visits. In addition, rising real estate prices in some areas may restrict our ability to lease new desirable locations or increase the cost of operating in such locations. If desirable locations cannot be obtained at reasonable prices, our ability to execute our growth strategies could be adversely affected, and we may be impacted by declines in patient visits as a result of the deterioration of certain locations, each of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We may continue to close clinics and incur closure costs and losses. 
 The competitive, economic or reimbursement conditions in the markets in which we operate, in addition to labor market conditions and liquidity considerations, may require us to reorganize or close certain clinics. Additionally, there is no guarantee that we will not have to close clinics in the future as a result of COVID-19 or its variants, execute measures designed to reduce the spread of COVID-19, or experience clinical staffing challenges, whether related to COVID-19 or labor market dynamics. Any clinic closures, reorganization or related business disruptions may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. In each of fiscal year 2022 and 2021, we closed 23 clinics. In the event a clinic is reorganized or closed, we may incur losses and closure costs, including, but not limited to, lease obligations, severance and write-down or write-off of goodwill, intangible assets or other assets. 
 We may determine to sell one or more of our clinics, and any such divestiture could adversely affect our continuing business. 
 We periodically evaluate our various businesses, services lines and clinics and may, as a result, consider the divestiture, wind down or exit of one or more of those clinics. Divestitures have inherent risks, including the inability to find potential buyers with favorable terms, the expense of selling the service line or clinic, the possibility that any anticipated sale will be delayed or will not occur and the potential delay or failure to realize the perceived strategic or financial merits of the divestment. 
 Our ability to generate revenue is highly sensitive to the strength of the economies in which we operate and the demographics and populations of the local communities that we serve. 
 Our revenues depend upon a number of factors, including, among others, the size and demographic characteristics of local populations and the economic condition of the communities that our locations serve. In the case of an economic downturn in a market, the utilization of physical therapy services by the local population of such market, and our resulting revenues and profitability in that market, could be adversely affected. Our revenues could also be affected by negative trends in the general economy that affect consumer spending, such as a recession or similar economic downturn. Furthermore, significant demographic changes in, or significant outmigration from, the neighborhoods where our clinics are located could reduce the demand for our services, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The size and expected growth of our addressable market has not been established with precision and may be smaller than estimated. 
 Our estimates of the addressable market are based on a number of internal and third-party estimates and assumptions. While we believe our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates are reasonable, these assumptions and estimates may not be correct. Accordingly, the expected growth in the market for physical therapy services may prove to be inaccurate, and the actual size of our total addressable market and resulting growth rates may be materially lower than expected. 
 Risks Relating to Our Operations 
 We depend upon the cultivation and maintenance of relationships with the physicians and other referral sources in our markets. 
 Our success is partially dependent upon referrals from physicians in the communities our clinics serve and our ability to maintain good relationships with these physicians and other referral sources. Physicians referring patients to our clinics are free to refer their patients to other therapy providers or to their own physician owned therapy practices. If we are unable to successfully cultivate and maintain strong relationships with such physicians and other referral sources (including as a result of negative publicity (whether true or not)), our business may be negatively impacted and our net revenues may decline. In addition, our relationships with referral sources are subject to extensive laws and regulations, and if those relationships with referral sources are found to be in violation of those requirements, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties, exclusion from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and/or reputational harm. 
 We operate our business in regions subject to natural disasters and other catastrophic events, and any disruption to our business resulting from such natural disasters or climate change would adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 
 We operate our business in regions subject to severe weather and natural disasters, including hurricanes, floods, fires, earthquakes and other catastrophic events. For example, in February 2021, the state of Texas experienced unprecedented cold weather, resulting in power outages across the state. Nearly all of our clinics in Texas were impacted by the weather, with all clinics closing for at least one day. Additionally, in September and October 2022, the effects of Hurricane Ian negatively impacted certain clinic operations in the southeast region of the U.S. Any natural disaster or impacts from climate change could adversely affect our ability to conduct business and provide services to our customers, and the insurance we maintain may not be adequate to cover losses resulting from any business interruption resulting from a natural disaster or other catastrophic event. 
 Future acquisitions may use significant resources, may be unsuccessful and could expose us to unforeseen liabilities. 
 We have historically acquired outpatient physical therapy clinics and it is an important part of our long-term growth strategy. Failure to successfully identify and complete acquisitions would likely result in slower growth. Even if we are able to identify appropriate acquisition targets, we may not be able to execute transactions on favorable terms or integrate targets in a manner that allows us to fully realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions. Acquisitions may involve significant cash expenditures, potential debt incurrence and operational losses, dilutive issuances of equity securities and expenses that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Acquisitions also involve numerous risks, including: 
 the difficulty and expense of integrating acquired personnel into our business; 
 the diversion of management's time from existing operations; 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 the potential loss of key employees of acquired companies and existing customers of the acquired companies that may not be familiar with our brand or services; 
 the difficulty of assignment and/or procurement of managed care contractual arrangements; and 
 the assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies, including liabilities for failure to comply with healthcare regulations. 
 Failure of our third-party customer service and technical support providers to adequately address customers requests could harm our business and adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our customers rely on our customer service support organization to resolve issues with our services. We outsource a portion of our customer service and technical support activities to third-party service providers. We depend on these third-party customer service and technical support representatives working on our behalf, and expect to continue to rely on third-parties in the future. This strategy presents risks to the business due to the fact that we may not be able to influence the quality of support as directly as we would be able to do if our own employees performed these activities. Our customers may react negatively to providing information to, and receiving support from, third-party organizations, especially if these third-party organizations are based overseas. If we encounter problems with our third-party customer service and technical support providers, our reputation may be harmed, our ability to sell our services could be adversely affected, and we could lose customers and associated revenue. 
 Our systems infrastructure may not adequately support our operations. 
 We believe our future success will depend in large part on establishing an efficient and productive information technology IT systems infrastructure that is able to provide operational intelligence and support our platform. Our systems infrastructure is designed to address interoperability challenges across the healthcare continuum and any failure of our systems infrastructure to identify efficiencies or productivity may impact the execution of our strategies and have a significant impact on our business and operating results. Our inability to continue improving our clinical systems and data infrastructure could impact our ability to perform and continue improving outcomes for patients. 
 Failure by us to maintain financial controls and processes over billing and collections or disputes with third-parties could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The collection of accounts receivable requires constant focus and involvement by management, as well as ongoing enhancements of information systems and billing center operating procedures. There can be no assurance that we will be able to improve upon or maintain our current levels of collectability and days sales outstanding in future periods. Further, some of our patients or payors may experience financial difficulties, or may otherwise fail to pay accounts receivable when due, resulting in increased write-offs. If we are unable to properly bill and collect our accounts receivable, our financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. In addition, from time to time we are involved in disputes with various parties, including our payors and their intermediaries regarding their performance of various contractual or regulatory obligations. These disputes sometimes lead to legal and other proceedings and cause us to incur costs or experience delays in collections, increases in our accounts receivable or loss of revenue. In addition, in the event such disputes are not resolved in our favor or cause us to terminate our relationships with such parties, there may be an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Legal and Regulatory Risks Relating to Our Business 
 Our operations are subject to extensive regulation. 
 Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local government laws and regulations, such as: 
 Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rules and regulations (as discussed above); 
 federal and state anti-kickback laws, which prohibit the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any bribe, kickback, rebate or other remuneration in return for ordering, leasing, purchasing or recommending or arranging for, or to induce, the referral of an individual, or the ordering, purchasing or leasing of items or services covered, in whole or in part, by any federal healthcare program, such as Medicare and Medicaid; 
 the Physician Self-Referral Law and analogous state self-referral prohibition statutes, which, subject to limited exceptions, prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to an entity for the provision of certain "designated health services," including physical therapy, if the physician or a member of such physician's immediate family has a direct or indirect financial relationship (including an ownership interest or a compensation arrangement) with an entity, and prohibits the entity from billing Medicare or Medicaid for such "designated health services"; 
 the federal False Claims Acts (the "False Claims Acts"), which impose civil and/or criminal penalties against any person or entity that knowingly submits or causes to be submitted a claim that the person knew or should have known (i) to be false or fraudulent; (ii) for items or services not provided or provided as claimed; or (iii) was provided by an individual not otherwise qualified or who was excluded from participation in federal healthcare programs. The False Claims Acts also impose penalties for requests for payment that otherwise violate conditions of participation in federal healthcare programs or other healthcare compliance laws; 
 U.S.C. 42 U.S. Code 1320a 7, the Exclusions Statute of the Social Security Act, which subjects healthcare providers to exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs if they engage in Medicare fraud, patient neglect or abuse / felony convictions related to fraud, breach of fiduciary duties or other financial misconduct related to healthcare service delivery; 
 the civil monetary penalty statute and associated regulations, which authorizes the government agency to impose civil money penalties, an assessment, and program exclusion for various forms of fraud and abuse; and 
 the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Law, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 In recent years, there have been heightened coordinated civil and criminal enforcement efforts by both federal and state government agencies relating to the healthcare industry, and physical therapy providers, in particular, have been subject to increased enforcement. We believe we are in substantial compliance with all laws, but differing interpretations or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our current practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our methods of operations, facilities, equipment, personnel, services and capital expenditure programs and increase our operating expenses. If we fail to comply with these extensive laws and government regulations, we could become ineligible to receive government program reimbursement, suffer civil or criminal penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations. In addition, we could be forced to expend considerable resources responding to an investigation or other enforcement action under these laws or regulations. 
 In conducting our business, we are required to comply with applicable state laws regarding fee-splitting and professional corporation laws. 
 The laws of some states restrict or prohibit the corporate practice of medicine, meaning business corporations cannot provide medical services through the direct employment of medical providers, or by exercising control over medical decisions by medical providers. In some states, such restrictions explicitly apply to physical therapy services; in others, those restrictions have been interpreted to apply to physical therapy services or are not fully developed. 
 Specific restrictions with respect to enforcement of the corporate practice of medicine or physical therapy vary from state to state and certain states in which we operate may present higher risk than others. Each state has its own professional entity laws and unique requirements for entities that provide professional services. Further, states impose varying requirements on the licenses that the stockholders, directors, officers, and professional employees of professional corporations must possess. 
 Many states also have laws that prohibit non-physical therapy entities, individuals or providers from sharing in or splitting professional fees for patient care fee-splitting ). Generally, these laws restrict business arrangements that involve a physical therapist sharing professional fees with a referral source, but in some states, these laws have been interpreted to extend to management agreements between physical therapists and business entities under some circumstances. 
 Such laws and regulations vary from state to state and are enforced by governmental, judicial, law enforcement or regulatory authorities with broad discretion. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that our interpretation of certain laws and regulations is correct with respect to how we have structured our operations, service agreements and other arrangements with physical therapists in the states in which we operate. 
 The enforcement environment in any state in which we operate could also change, leading to increased enforcement of existing laws and regulations. If a court or governing body determines that we, or the physical therapists whom we support, have violated any of the fee-splitting laws or regulations, or if new fee-splitting laws or regulations are enacted, we or the physical therapists whom we support could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, our contracts could be found legally invalid and unenforceable (in whole or in part), or we could be required to restructure our contractual arrangements with our licensed providers of physical therapy (which may not be completed on a timely basis, if at all, and may result in terms materially less favorable to us), all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 We face inspections, reviews, audits and investigations under federal and state government programs and payor contracts. These audits could have adverse findings that may negatively affect our business, including our results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and reputation. 
 As a result of our participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, we are subject to various governmental inspections, reviews, audits, subpoenas and investigations to verify our compliance with these programs and applicable laws and regulations. Payors may also reserve the right to conduct audits. We also periodically conduct reviews of our regulatory compliance. While our facilities intend to comply with the federal requirements for properly billing, coding and documenting claims for reimbursement, there can be no assurance that these audits will determine that all applicable requirements are fully met at the facilities that are reviewed. An adverse inspection, review, audit or investigation could result in: 
 refunding amounts we have been paid pursuant to the Medicare or Medicaid programs or from payors; 
 state or federal agencies imposing fines, penalties and other sanctions on us; 
 temporary suspension of payment for new patients; 
 decertification or exclusion from participation in the Medicare or Medicaid programs or one or more payor networks; 
 self-disclosure of violations to applicable regulatory authorities; 
 damage to our reputation; and 
 loss of certain rights under, or termination of, our contracts with payors. 
 We may be subject to various external governmental investigations, subpoenas, audits and reviews. Certain adverse governmental investigations, subpoenas, audits and reviews may require us to refund amounts we have been paid and/or pay fines and penalties as a result of these inspections, reviews, audits and investigations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. Furthermore, the legal, document production and other costs associated with complying with these inspections, reviews, subpoenas, audits or investigations could be significant. 
 Our facilities are subject to extensive federal and state laws and regulations relating to the privacy of individually identifiable information. 
 HIPAA required the Health and Human Services Department to adopt standards to protect the privacy and security of individually identifiable health-related information. The privacy regulations extensively regulate the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health-related information. The regulations also provide patients with significant rights related to understanding and controlling how their health information is used or disclosed. The security regulations require healthcare providers to implement administrative, physical and technical practices to protect the security of individually identifiable health information that is maintained or transmitted electronically. The Health Information Technology for Electronic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), which was signed into law in 2009, enhanced the privacy, security and enforcement provisions of HIPAA by, among other things establishing security breach notification requirements, allowing enforcement of HIPAA by state attorneys general and increasing penalties for HIPAA violations. Violations of HIPAA or HITECH could result in civil or criminal penalties. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to HIPAA, there are numerous federal and state laws and regulations addressing patient and consumer privacy concerns, including unauthorized access or theft of personal information. State statutes and regulations vary from state to state. Lawsuits, including class actions and actions by state attorneys general, directed at companies that have experienced a privacy or security breach also can occur. 
 We have established policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with these privacy related requirements. However, if there is a breach of these privacy related requirements, we may be subject to various penalties and damages and may be required to incur costs to mitigate the impact of the breach on affected individuals. 
 Our business may be adversely impacted by healthcare reform efforts, including repeal of or significant modifications to the ACA. 
 In recent years, Congress and certain state legislatures have considered and passed a number of laws that are intended to result in significant changes to the healthcare industry. However, there is significant uncertainty regarding the future of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ACA ), the most prominent of these reform efforts. The law has been subject to legislative and regulatory changes and court challenges, and the prior presidential administration and certain members of Congress have stated their intent to repeal or make additional significant changes to the ACA, its implementation or its interpretation. In 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Acts was enacted, which, effective January 1, 2019, among other things, removed penalties for not complying with ACA s individual mandate to carry health insurance. Because the penalty associated with the individual mandate was eliminated, a federal judge in Texas ruled in December 2018 that the entire ACA was unconstitutional. On December 18, 2019, the Fifth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals upheld the lower court s finding that the individual mandate is unconstitutional and remanded the case back to the lower court to reconsider its earlier invalidation of the full ACA. On March 2, 2020, the United States Supreme Court (the Supreme Court granted the petitions for writs of certiorari to review this case and on June 17, 2021, the Supreme Court dismissed this case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. These and other efforts to challenge, repeal or replace the ACA may result in reduced funding for state Medicaid programs, lower numbers of insured individuals, and reduced coverage for insured individuals. There is uncertainty regarding whether, when and how the ACA will be further changed or challenged, what alternative provisions, if any, will be enacted, and the impact of alternative provisions on providers and other healthcare industry participants. Government efforts to repeal or change the ACA or to implement alternative reform measures could cause our revenues to decrease to the extent such legislation reduces Medicaid and/or Medicare reimbursement rates. 
 Our failure to comply with labor and employment laws could result in monetary fines and penalties. 
 Worker health and safety (OSHA and similar state and local agencies); family medical leave (the Family Medical Leave Act), wage and hour laws and regulations, equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination requirements, among other laws and regulations relating to employment, apply to us. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in the imposition of consent orders or civil and criminal penalties, including fines, which could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. The regulatory framework for privacy issues is rapidly evolving and future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules or regulations and/or future enforcement actions or investigations could have a materially adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 There is an inherent risk of liability in the provision of healthcare services; damage to our reputation or our failure to adequately insure against losses, including from substantial claims and litigation, could have an adverse impact on our operations, financial condition or prospects. 
 From time to time, we are party to legal proceedings, governmental audits and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of our business. There is an inherent risk of liability in the provision of healthcare services. We are also subject to actual and potential claims, lawsuits and investigations outside of the ordinary course of business. Refer to Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies of our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for examples of claims to which we are subject. 
 Such claims, legal proceedings, governmental audits and investigations may involve large claims and significant costs to defend. In such cases, coverage under our insurance programs would not be adequate to protect us. Additionally, our insurance policies are subject to annual renewal and our insurance premiums could be subject to material increases in the future. We cannot ensure that we will be able to maintain our insurance on acceptable terms in the future, or at all. A successful claim in excess of, or not covered by, our insurance policies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, capital resources and liquidity. Even where our insurance is adequate to cover claims against us, damage to our reputation in the event of a judgment against us, or continued increases in our insurance costs, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, capital resources, liquidity, or prospects. 
 Risks Relating to Our Human Resources 
 Our facilities face competition for experienced physical therapists and other clinical providers and clinical staff that may increase labor costs and reduce profitability. 
 Our ability to retain and attract clinical talent is critical to our ability to provide high quality care to patients and successfully cultivate and maintain strong relationships in the communities we serve. If we cannot recruit and retain our base of experienced and clinically skilled therapists and other clinical providers, management and support personnel, our business may decrease and our revenues may decline and/or operating margins may decrease as a result of higher use of contract labor in difficult to staff markets. We compete with other healthcare providers in recruiting and retaining qualified management, physical therapists and other clinical staff and support personnel responsible for the daily operations of our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have recently experienced elevated rates of attrition when compared to historical levels, which has had and may continue to have adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, as well as our ability to open new clinics. 
 As we implement actions aimed to reduce attrition, increase hiring of physical therapists and optimize clinician hours based on available workforce, we expect to experience increases in our labor costs, primarily due to higher wages and greater benefits required to retain and attract qualified healthcare personnel, as well as higher contract labor costs until clinical staffing levels are achieved, and such increases may adversely affect our profitability. Furthermore, while we attempt to manage overall labor costs in the most efficient way, our efforts to manage them may have limited effectiveness and may lead to increased turnover and other challenges. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to attract and retain talented executives and corporate employees. 
 We are dependent on our ability to retain and attract corporate talent. We have recently experienced significant turnover in our senior management team and across our corporate organization. Our business may be adversely affected by the transitions in our senior management team, and turnover at the senior management level may create instability within the Company, which could disrupt and impede our day-to-day operations, internal controls and our ability to fully implement our business plan and initiatives. In addition, management transition inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge, which can negatively affect strategy and execution, and our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted as a result. We compete for corporate talent within the healthcare industry and more broadly. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain other highly qualified corporate personnel in the future. The inability to attract and retain the necessary personnel could cause increased employee turnover and harm to our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 We face licensing and credentialing barriers, and associated variability across states is a risk to timely delivery of productive talent. 
 The scope of licensing laws differs from state to state, and the application of such laws to the activities of physical therapists and other clinical providers is often unclear. Given the nature and scope of the solutions and services that we provide, we are required to maintain physical therapy licenses and registrations for us and our providers in certain jurisdictions and to ensure that such licenses and registrations are in good standing. These licenses require us and our providers to comply with the rules and regulations of the governmental bodies that issued such licenses. Our providers are also required to be credentialed with payors prior to providing services to health plan patients, and completion of the credentialing process, if delayed, may delay our ability to provide services to health plan patients. Our providers failure to comply with such rules and regulations could result in significant administrative penalties or the suspension of a license or the loss of a license, as well as credentialing delays, all of which could negatively impact our business. 
 Risks Relating to Our Information Technology 
 We rely on information technology in critical areas of our operations, and a disruption relating to such technology could harm our financial condition. 
 We rely on IT systems in critical areas of our operations, including our electronic medical records system and systems supporting revenue cycle management, and financial and operational reporting, among others. We have legacy IT systems that IT is continuing to upgrade and modernize. If one of these systems were to fail or cause operational or reporting interruptions, or if we decide to change these systems or hire outside parties to provide these systems, we may fail to execute on such system changes or suffer disruptions, which could have a material adverse effect on our operation, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may underestimate the costs, complexity and time required to develop and implement new systems. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 We use software vendors and network and cloud providers in our business and if they cannot deliver or perform as expected or if our relationships with them are terminated or otherwise change, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to provide our services and support our operations requires that we work with certain third-party providers, including software vendors and network and cloud providers, and depends on such third-parties meeting our expectations in timeliness, quality, quantity and economics. Our third-party suppliers may be unable to meet such expectations due to a number of factors. We might incur significant additional liabilities if the services provided by these third-parties do not meet our expectations, if they terminate or refuse to renew their relationships with us or if they were to offer their services on less advantageous terms. We rely on internally developed software applications and systems to conduct our critical operating and administrative functions. We also depend on our software vendors to provide long-term software maintenance support for our information systems. In addition, while there are backup systems in many of our operating facilities, we may experience an extended outage of network services supplied by these vendors or providers that could impair our ability to deliver our solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are a target of attempted cyber and other security threats and must continuously monitor and develop our IT networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact or which may cause a violation of HIPAA or HITECH and subject us to potential legal and reputational harm. 
 In the normal course of business, our IT systems hold sensitive patient information including patient demographic data, eligibility for various medical plans including Medicare and Medicaid and protected health information subject to HIPAA and HITECH. We also contract with third-party vendors to maintain and store our patients individually identifiable health information. Numerous state and federal laws and regulations address privacy and information security concerns resulting from our access to our patients and employees personal information. Additionally, we utilize those same systems to perform our day-to-day activities, such as receiving referrals, assigning clinicians to patients, documenting medical information and maintaining an accurate record of all transactions. 
 While we have not experienced any known attacks on our IT systems that have compromised patient data, our IT systems and those of our vendors that process, maintain and transmit such data are subject to computer viruses, cyber-attacks, including ransomware attacks, or breaches. We maintain our IT systems with safeguard protection against cyber-attacks including active intrusion protection, firewalls and virus detection software. We adhere to (and require our third-party vendors to adhere to) policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with HIPAA and HITECH regulations. We have developed and tested a response plan in the event of a successful attack and maintain commercial insurance related to a cyber-attack. However, these safeguards do not ensure that a significant cyber-attack could not occur. A successful attack on our or our third-party vendors IT systems could have significant consequences to the business, including liability for compromised patient information, business interruption, significant civil and criminal penalties, lawsuits, reputational harm and increased costs to us, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, insider or employee cyber and security threats are increasingly a concern for all large companies, including us. Our future results could be adversely affected due to the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of protected health information, other confidential data or proprietary business information, operational or business delays resulting from the disruption of IT systems and subsequent mitigation activities, or regulatory action taken as a result of such incidents. We provide our employees with training and regular reminders on important measures they can take to prevent breaches. We routinely identify attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems. However, given the rapidly evolving nature and proliferation of cyber threats, there can be no assurance our training and network security measures or other controls will detect, prevent or remediate security or data breaches in a timely manner or otherwise prevent unauthorized access to, damage to, or interruption of our systems and operations. Accordingly, we may be vulnerable to losses associated with the improper functioning, security breach, or unavailability of our information systems, as well as any systems used in acquired company operations. 
 Risks Relating to Our Accounting and Financial Policies 
 We currently outsource, and from time to time in the future may outsource, a portion of our internal business functions to third-party providers. Outsourcing these functions has significant risks, and our failure to manage these risks successfully could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We currently, and from time to time in the future, may outsource portions of our internal business functions, including billing and administrative functions relating to revenue cycle management, to third-party providers. These third-party providers may not comply on a timely basis with all of our requirements, or may not provide us with an acceptable level of service. In addition, reliance on third-party providers could have significant negative consequences, including significant disruptions in our operations and significantly increased costs to undertake such operations, either of which could damage our relationships with our customers. We could experience a reduction in revenue due to inability to collect from patients, overpayments, claim denials, recoupments or governmental and third-party audits all of which may impact our profitability and cash flow. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant estimates and judgments used in preparing financial statements include those related to the determination of the revenue transaction price for current transactions and estimation of expected collections on our accounts receivable, assumptions and estimates related to realizability of deferred tax assets, assumptions and estimates related to the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, among others. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 The IPO Warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of the IPO Warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 
 The Company accounts for its outstanding Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants assumed as part of the Business Combination in accordance with the guidance contained in Accounting Standards Codification 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity ASC 815-40 ). As such, the IPO Warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. Changes in fair value are reported in earnings as a non-cash gain or loss in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may materially fluctuate quarterly, based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect to recognize non-cash gains or losses on the IPO Warrants each reporting period and the amount of such gains or losses could be material and variable. 
 The Earnout Shares and Vesting Shares are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of these shares could have a material effect on our financial results. 
 We account for the potential Earnout Shares and the Vesting Shares as liabilities in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, and 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity, which provide for the remeasurement of the fair value of such shares at each balance sheet date and changes in fair value are recognized in our statements of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may materially fluctuate quarterly, based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect to recognize non-cash gains or losses each reporting period and the amount of such gains or losses could be material and variable. 
 During 2022 and 2021, we recognized impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets, which represent a significant portion of our total assets. Any further impairment charges may be material and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 286.5 million of goodwill and 246.6 million of trade name and other intangible assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, excluding amounts reclassified as held for sale. We test such assets for impairment at least annually on the first day of the fourth quarter of each year or on an interim basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Impairment may result from, among other things, increased attrition, adverse market conditions, adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including changes that affect the services we offer, lower visit volumes, lower revenue reimbursement rates, compressed operating margins and a variety of other factors. The amount of any quantified impairment must be expensed immediately as a charge to results of operations. Depending on future circumstances, it is possible that we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. Refer to Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 5 - Goodwill, Trade Name and Other Intangible Assets to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K for further discussion of our goodwill and intangible assets. 
 During 2022, the Company determined that factors primarily driven by potential changes in discount rates and decreases in share price constituted interim triggering events requiring further analysis with respect to potential impairments to goodwill and the trade name intangible asset. Accordingly, we performed interim quantitative impairment testing as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, and, as a result thereof, we recorded non-cash impairment charges in the line item goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges of 486.3 million in the Company s consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. Further impairments of all or part of our goodwill or other identifiable assets may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates and market factors. Estimating the fair value of the Company's reporting unit and the indefinite-lived intangible asset requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans, as well as industry, economic and regulatory conditions. These assumptions and estimates include projected future revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins, terminal growth rates, discount rates, relevant market multiples, royalty rates and other market factors. If current expectations of future growth rates, margins and cash flows are not met, or if market factors outside of our control change significantly, then our reporting unit or the indefinite-lived intangible asset might become impaired in the future, negatively impacting our operating results and financial position. As the carrying amounts of the Company's goodwill and trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset were impaired during 2022, those amounts are more susceptible to an impairment risk if there are unfavorable changes in assumptions and estimates. To the extent that business conditions deteriorate further, or if changes in key assumptions and estimates differ significantly from management's expectations, it may be necessary to record additional impairment charges in the future. 
 Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 We have incurred significant cumulative net taxable losses in the past. Our deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 include federal net operating losses, or NOLs, of 68.9 million and state NOLs of 35.5 million. Our unused NOLs generally carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire, if subject to expiration. The earliest net operating loss will expire by statute in 2023 for state net operating losses, and in 2036 for federal net operating losses. We may be unable to use these NOLs to offset income before such unused NOLs expire. 
 In addition, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage-point cumulative change in the equity ownership of certain stockholders over a rolling three-year period) under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset future taxable income or taxes may be limited. This limitation is based in part on the pre-change equity value of the corporation, with a lower equity value resulting in a lower and more severe limitation. We may experience an ownership change as a result of future changes in our stock ownership (including the impact of issuance or conversion of new shares, or other transactions or events impacting our stock ownership), some of which changes may not be within our control. If we are unable to use NOL carryforwards before they expire or they become subject to limitation, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to income taxes, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, this may result in material misstatements of our consolidated financial statements or failure to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 In connection with the preparation of the Company's consolidated financial statements, material weaknesses related to the income tax provision were identified in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. The Company did not design and maintain an effective control environment commensurate with our financial reporting requirements as we did not maintain a sufficient complement of tax personnel with the appropriate mix of competent resources and financial reporting experience. Additionally, the Company did not design and maintain effective controls related to the income tax provision, including controls related to valuation allowances associated with the realizability of deferred tax assets. 
 The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until management completes the remediation plan described in Part II, Item 9A of this Form 10-K, and the enhanced controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that the related controls are effective. The Company will monitor the effectiveness of its remediation plan and will refine its remediation plan as appropriate. 
 If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weaknesses could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to remediate the Company's material weaknesses related to income taxes or to avoid potential additional future material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price may change significantly and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result. 
 The trading price of our Common Stock is volatile. You may not be able to resell your shares at an attractive price due to a number of factors such as those listed in Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry and the following: 
 results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates and investment recommendations by securities analysts and investors or other unexpected adverse developments in our financial results, guidance or other forward-looking information, or industry, geographical or market sector trends; 
 declines in the market prices of stocks generally; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint ventures, other strategic relationships or capital commitments; 
 any significant change in our management; 
 changes in general economic or market conditions or trends in our industry or markets; 
 changes in business or regulatory conditions, including new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 future sales of our Common Stock or other securities; 
 investor perceptions or the investment opportunity associated with our Common Stock relative to other investment alternatives; 
 the public's response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third-parties, including 
 our filings with the SEC; 
 our liquidity position and the potential risks relating to refinancing, alternative liquidity arrangements or capital transactions; 
 failure to comply with covenants related to our debt agreement or our Series A Senior Preferred Stock; 
 litigation involving us, our industry, or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 
 guidance, if any, that we provide to the public, any changes in this guidance or our failure to meet this guidance; 
 the development and sustainability of an active trading market for our stock; 
 actions by institutional or activist stockholders; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism, health pandemics or responses to these events. 
 These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our Common Stock is low. 
 Because there are no current plans to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future, you are unlikely to receive any return on investment unless you sell your Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 We intend to retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and there are no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. The declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends on shares of our Common Stock will be at the sole discretion of our Board. We have no direct operations and no significant assets other than our ownership of our subsidiaries from whom we will depend on for distributions, and whose ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of our current and any future indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you are unlikely to receive any return on an investment in our Common Stock unless you sell our Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they downgrade our stock or our sector, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our Common Stock will rely in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We will not control these analysts. In addition, some financial analysts may have limited expertise with our model and operations. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover us downgrade our stock or industry, or the stock of any of our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 Future issuances or sales, or the perception of future issuances or sales, by us or our stockholders of Common Stock or other voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock in the public market or otherwise could cause the market price for our Common Stock to decline. 
 The issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock or other voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock in the public market or otherwise, or the perception that such issuances or sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market price of shares of Common Stock. These issuances or sales, or the possibility that these issuances or sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that the Company deems appropriate. 
 The Common Stock reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans will become eligible for sale in the public market once those shares are issued, subject to provisions relating to various vesting agreements, lock-up agreements and, in some cases, limitations on volume and manner of sale applicable to affiliates under Rule 144. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans is 10.9 million. The compensation committee of our Board may determine the exact number of shares to be reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans at its discretion. We have filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to our equity incentive plans and, accordingly, such shares are available for sale in the open market. 
 In addition, the exchange of some or all of the Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes that may be issued in the future as contemplated by the TSA would dilute the ownership interests and voting rights of the Company s existing stockholders, as we would be required to deliver shares of Common Stock to the exchanging noteholders with respect to any principal upon exchange of any of the Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes. Pursuant to the TSA, when issued, the Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes would be exchangeable at the option of their holders prior to their maturity. Prior to any such exchange, the holders of the Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes would have the right to vote on corporate matters on an as-exchanged basis. Any sales in the public market of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exchange could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our Common Stock. In addition, the anticipated exchange of the Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes into shares of our Common Stock could depress the price of our Common Stock. There is no assurance that the transactions contemplated by the TSA will be consummated on the terms as described above, on a timely basis or at all. 
 In the future, we may also issue our securities in connection with investments or acquisitions. The amount of shares of Common Stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of Common Stock. Any issuance of additional securities in connection with investments or acquisitions may result in additional dilution to ATI s stockholders. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 We may redeem unexpired IPO Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to the warrantholders, thereby making such warrantholders warrants worthless. 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding IPO Warrants prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we give notice of redemption. Redemption of the outstanding IPO Warrants could force warrantholders to (i) exercise the IPO Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous to do so, (ii) sell the IPO Warrants at the then-current market price when the warrantholder might otherwise wish to hold onto such IPO Warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding IPO Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of the IPO Warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 
 In addition, we may redeem the IPO Warrants after they become exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Common Stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. 
 If we are unable to maintain compliance with New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") listing standards, our securities may be delisted, which could negatively impact the price of our securities and your ability to sell them. 
 In order to maintain our listing on the NYSE, we are required to comply with certain rules and listing standards of the NYSE, including those regarding minimum stockholders' equity, minimum share price, minimum market value of publicly held shares and various additional requirements. The NYSE has notified the Company that, due to the average closing price of the Company's Common Stock, it was below the trading price criteria of the exchange. The notice has no immediate impact on the listing of the Company's Common Stock on the NYSE, subject to the Company's compliance with the NYSE's other continued listing requirements. The Company has submitted a plan of compliance to the NYSE addressing how we intend to regain compliance. If we are unable to satisfy the NYSE rules and listing standards, or are unable to make progress on our plan of compliance, our securities could be subject to delisting. 
 If the NYSE were to delist our securities from trading, we could face significant consequences, including: 
 a limited availability for market quotations for our securities; 
 reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; 
 a determination that our Common Stock is a "penny stock," which will require brokers trading in our Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our Common Stock; 
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. 
 Certain provisions of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction deemed undesirable by our Board that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. 
 These provisions provide for, among other things: 
 there is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of our Board; 
 the division of our Board into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year; 
 the ability of our Board to issue one or more series of preferred stock; 
 advance notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at our annual meetings; 
 certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings; 
 limiting the ability of stockholders to act by written consent; 
 the ability of our Board to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director in certain circumstances; 
 providing that our Board is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter or repeal our bylaws; 
 the removal of directors only for cause; and 
 that certain provisions may be amended only by the affirmative vote of at least 65 (for amendments to the indemnification provisions) or 66.7 (for amendments to the provisions relating to the board of directors) of the shares of our Common Stock entitled to vote generally in the election of our directors. 
 These anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if the third-party s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Our Amended and Restated Bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 
 Our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that, subject to limited exceptions, any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, stockholder or employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or our Amended and Restated Bylaws or (iv) action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Court of Chancery" or the "Court of Chancery") or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws also provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of the Amended and Restated Bylaws described above. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. This exclusive forum provision does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act but does apply to other state and federal law claims including actions arising under the Securities Act. Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a forum selection provision as written in connection with claims arising under the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. If a court were to find these provisions of our Amended and Restated Bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 A recent decision of the Delaware Court of Chancery may create uncertainty regarding the validity of some of our authorized and issued shares of Common Stock. 
 On March 2, 2023, we filed a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery pursuant to Section 205 of the DGCL, seeking validation of an amendment to our certificate of incorporation increasing the authorized shares of our Class A Common Stock (as further described below) and the shares issued pursuant thereto. 
 At a special meeting of the stockholders of the Company held on June 15, 2021 (the Special Meeting ), a majority of the then-outstanding shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class F Common Stock, voting together as a single class, voted to approve the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which, among other things, increased the authorized shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock from 200,000,000 shares to 450,000,000 shares (the Class A Increase Amendment ). Notwithstanding the fact that the proxy statement relating to the Special Meeting did not disclose that a separate vote of the Class A Common Stock was required, a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock voted in favor of the Class A Increase Amendment. 
 A recent decision of the Court of Chancery has created uncertainty regarding the validity of the Class A Increase Amendment and whether a separate vote of the majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock would have been required under Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 The Company continues to believe that a separate vote of Class A Common Stock was not required to approve the Class A Increase Amendment. However, in light of the recent Court of Chancery decision, the Company filed a petition in the Court of Chancery pursuant to Section 205 of the DGCL seeking validation of the Class A Increase Amendment and the shares issued pursuant thereto to resolve any uncertainty with respect to those matters. Section 205 of the DGCL permits the Court of Chancery, in its discretion, to validate potentially defective corporate acts and stock after considering a variety of factors. 
 While the Company believes that a separate vote of Class A Common Stock was not required to approve the Class A Increase Amendment at the Special Meeting, and therefore that all of the currently outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company are validly issued, if the Company is not successful in the Section 205 proceeding, the uncertainty with respect to the Company s capitalization resulting from the Court of Chancery s decision referenced above could have a material adverse effect on the Company, including its ability to complete financing transactions, until the underlying issues are definitively resolved. 
 On March 3, 2023, the Court of Chancery granted the motion to expedite and set a hearing date for the petition to be heard. The hearing has been set for March 17, 2023. 
 As a controlled company within the meaning of NYSE listing standards, we qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. We have the opportunity to elect any of the exemptions afforded a controlled company. 
 Because Advent International Corporation Advent controls more than a majority of our total voting power, we are a controlled company within the meaning of NYSE Listing Standards. Under NYSE rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by another person or group of persons acting together is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with the following NYSE rules regarding corporate governance: 
 the requirement that a majority of its board of directors consist of independent directors; 
 the requirement that compensation of its executive officers be determined by a majority of the independent directors of the board or a compensation committee comprised solely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities; and 
 the requirement that director nominees be selected, or recommended for the board's selection, either by a majority of the independent directors of the board or a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities. 
 We are utilizing the benefits of a controlled company currently but remain subject to and comply with the requirements that our independent directors hold regular executive sessions and that our audit committee consists entirely of independent directors. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Advent has significant influence over us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Advent beneficially owns approximately 56.1 of our Common Stock. As long as Advent owns or controls a significant percentage of our outstanding voting power, it will have the ability to significantly influence all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors and the size of our Board, any amendment to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or the approval of any merger or other significant corporate transaction, including a sale of substantially all of our assets. Advent s influence over our management could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us, which could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline or prevent stockholders from realizing a premium over the market price for our Common Stock. 
 Advent s interests may not align with our interests as a company or the interests of our other stockholders. Accordingly, Advent could cause us to enter into transactions or agreements of which other stockholders would not approve or make decisions with which other stockholders would disagree. Further, Advent is in the business of making investments in companies and may acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Advent may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In recognition that partners, members, directors, employees, stockholders, agents and successors of Advent and its successors and affiliates and any of their respective managed investment funds and portfolio companies may serve as our directors or officers, the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides, among other things, that none of Advent or any partners, members, directors, employees, stockholders, agents or successors of Advent and its successors and affiliates and any of their respective managed investment funds and portfolio companies has any duty to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business that we do (except as otherwise expressly provided in any agreement entered into between us and such exempted person). In the event that any of these persons or entities acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for itself and us, we will not have any expectancy in such corporate opportunity, and these persons and entities will not have any duty to communicate or offer such corporate opportunity to us and may pursue or acquire such corporate opportunity for themselves or direct such opportunity to another person. These potential conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if, among other things, attractive corporate opportunities are allocated by Advent to themselves or their other affiliates. 
 There is currently no market for our Series I Warrants and Series II Warrants and a market for our Series I Warrants and Series II Warrants may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our Series I Warrants and Series II Warrants. 
 Our Series I Warrants and Series II Warrants are not listed or traded on any stock exchange and there is currently no market for our Series I Warrants and Series II Warrants. Warrantholders therefore have no access to trading price or volume information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Furthermore, an active trading market for our Series I Warrants and Series II Warrants may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your Series I Warrants and Series II Warrants unless a market can be established and sustained. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 923 clinics (as well as 20 clinics under management service agreements) located in 25 states. We lease all of the properties used for our clinics under operating leases with initial lease terms typically ranging from seven (7) to ten (10) years with options to renew. We intend to lease the premises for any new clinic locations. Our typical clinic occupies approximately 1,000 to 5,000 square feet. 
 We also lease our executive offices located in Bolingbrook, Illinois, under an operating lease expiring in December 2032. We currently lease approximately 135,000 square feet of space at our corporate offices. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, the Company may be involved in legal proceedings or subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of business. The outcome of any litigation and claims against the Company cannot be predicted with certainty, and the resolution of these matters could materially affect our future results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. Refer to Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies in the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K for further details. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information and Holders 
 Our Class A common stock and Public Warrants are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbols "ATIP" and "ATIP WS," respectively. As of March 6, 2023, there were approximately 229 holders of record of our outstanding common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A common stock to date. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operations of our business and do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Refer to Note 10 - Share-Based Compensation in the consolidated financial statements for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return to stockholders from the closing price on June 17, 2021 (the date our Class A common stock began trading on the NYSE following the Business Combination) through December 31, 2022, relative to the performance of the NYSE Composite Index and the NYSE Health Care Index. The stock performance graph assumes 100 was invested in our Class A common stock and the common stock of each of the companies listed on the NYSE Composite Index and the NYSE Health Care Index on June 17, 2021, and that any dividends were reinvested. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 On February 24, 2022, the Company entered into a Series A Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with the purchasers signatory thereto, including funds affiliated with Knighthead Capital Management, LLC (the Investors ), pursuant to which the Investors purchased from the Company, in the aggregate, 165,000 shares of Series A Senior Preferred Stock with an initial stated value of 1,000 per share, or 165,000,000 of stated value in the aggregate, and warrants to purchase up to 11,498,401 shares of common stock of the Company, for an aggregate purchase price of 163,350,000 Preferred Stock Financing Proceeds ). Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of the Company's Class A common stock. The warrants are exercisable within 5 years from issuance. The strike price is 3.00 per share for 5,226,546 of the issued warrants, and the strike price is 0.01 per share for 6,271,855 of the issued warrants. The Preferred Stock Financing Proceeds reflected an original issue discount of 1.0 of the stated value of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock. The Company used the Preferred Stock Financing Proceeds to refinance a portion of its existing indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company and its applicable subsidiaries, with remaining cash to the Company s balance sheet. The Series A Senior Preferred Stock and warrants were not registered under the Securities Act, and were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration requirements thereof provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering without any form of general solicitation or general advertising. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company withheld shares of our common stock in connection with employee minimum statutory tax withholding obligations payable upon the vesting of restricted stock, as follows: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans of Programs October 1 - October 31, 2022 November 1 - November 30, 2022 17,406 0.51 December 1 - December 31, 2022 4,130 0.31 Total 21,536 0.47 
 (1) Represents shares delivered to or withheld by us in connection with employee minimum tax withholding obligations upon exercise or vesting of stock awards. No shares were purchased in the open market pursuant to a repurchase program. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 Not applicable. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and its subsidiaries (herein referred to as we, us, the Company, our Company, or "ATI") should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. For management's discussion and analysis on the Company's financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. 
 We make statements in this discussion that are forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements contain forward-looking information relating to the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business of the Company. The forward-looking statements are based on our current views and assumptions, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements due to factors including, but not limited to, those discussed under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Many factors are beyond our control. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we are under no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, regardless of the reason the statement may no longer be accurate. 
 Certain amounts in this Management's Discussion and Analysis may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 All dollar amounts are presented in thousands, unless indicated otherwise. 
 
 Company Overview 
 We are a nationally recognized outpatient physical therapy provider in the United States specializing in outpatient rehabilitation and adjacent healthcare services, with 923 clinics (as well as 20 clinics under management service agreements) located in 25 states as of December 31, 2022. We operate with a commitment to providing our patients, medical provider partners, payors and employers with evidence-based, patient-centric care. 
 We offer a variety of services within our clinics, including physical therapy to treat spine, shoulder, knee and neck injuries or pain; work injury rehabilitation services, including work conditioning and work hardening; hand therapy; and other specialized treatment services. Our Company s team of professionals is dedicated to helping return patients to optimal physical health. 
 Physical therapy patients receive team-based care, leading-edge techniques and individualized treatment plans in an encouraging environment. To achieve optimal results, we use an extensive array of techniques including therapeutic exercise, manual therapy and strength training, among others. Our physical therapy model aims to deliver optimized outcomes and time to recovery for patients, insights and service satisfaction for referring providers and predictable costs and measurable value for payors. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to providing services to physical therapy patients at outpatient rehabilitation clinics, we provide services through our ATI Worksite Solutions AWS program, Management Service Agreements MSA and Sports Medicine arrangements. AWS provides an on-site team of healthcare professionals at employer worksites to promote work-related injury prevention, facilitate expedient and appropriate return-to-work follow-up and maintain the health and well-being of the workforce. Our MSA arrangements typically include the Company providing management and physical therapy-related services to physician-owned physical therapy clinics. Sports Medicine arrangements provide certified healthcare professionals to various schools, universities and other institutions to perform on-site physical therapy and rehabilitation services. 
 Appointment of Chief Executive Officer 
 On April 28, 2022, the Company appointed Sharon Vitti as its Chief Executive Officer and to the Board of Directors. Ms. Vitti has 30 years of healthcare experience, including nearly two decades of executive leadership in clinical and consumer-focused healthcare companies. 
 In connection with Ms. Vitti s appointment, John (Jack) Larsen stepped down as Executive Chairman of the Company, effective April 28, 2022 and continued in his role as Chairman of the Board of the Company. Mr. Larsen was appointed Executive Chairman of the Company on August 9, 2021. In addition, effective April 28, 2022, John (Jack) Larsen, Joseph Jordan, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, and Ray Wahl, the Company s former Chief Operating Officer, no longer fulfilled the role of Principal Executive Officer. 
 Recent changes in company leadership 
 Effective July 8, 2022, Joe Zavalishin, Chief Development Officer, resigned from the Company. The Company and Mr. Zavalishin entered into a mutual release pursuant to which Mr. Zavalishin is eligible for the payments and benefits in accordance with his employment agreement. 
 Effective August 29, 2022, the Company appointed Eimile Tansey as its Chief People Officer. Ms. Tansey has more than 20 years of experience in human resources and operations, including more than 15 years in leadership and executive roles. 
 Effective November 4, 2022, Diana Chafey, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, resigned from the Company. The Company appointed Erik Kantz as the Company's Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary effective November 4, 2022. Mr. Kantz previously served as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of the Company, and has over 20 years of experience in corporate and securities law. 
 Effective December 16, 2022, Ray Wahl, Chief Operating Officer, resigned from the Company. The Company and Mr. Wahl entered into a mutual release pursuant to which Mr. Wahl is eligible for the payments and benefits in accordance with his employment agreement. The Company appointed Chris Cox as the Company's Chief Operating Officer effective December 16, 2022. Mr. Cox has nearly 15 years of progressively higher-level leadership positions in the healthcare industry. 
 Effective January 3, 2023, the Company appointed Scott Gregerson as the Company's Chief Growth Officer. Mr. Gregerson has 20 years of healthcare experience including chief executive, presidential and vice-presidential roles in which he developed and led strategic business development and growth, often connecting large-scale provider groups with hospital and health systems. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 2022 Debt Refinancing and Preferred Stock Financing 
 On February 24, 2022, the Company entered into various financing arrangements to refinance its existing long-term debt (the "2022 Debt Refinancing"). The Company entered into a new 2022 Credit Agreement which is comprised of a senior secured term loan which matures on February 24, 2028, and a "super priority" senior secured revolver, which matures on February 24, 2027. Refer to Note 8 - Borrowings in the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 In connection with the 2022 Debt Refinancing, the Company issued shares of non-convertible preferred stock and warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock. Refer to Note 11 - Mezzanine and Stockholders' Equity in the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 The Business Combination 
 On June 16, 2021 (the Closing Date ), a Business Combination transaction (the Business Combination was finalized pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Merger Agreement"), dated February 21, 2021 between the operating company, Wilco Holdco, Inc. Wilco Holdco ), and Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. II (herein referred to as "FAII" and "FVAC"), a special purpose acquisition company. In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company changed its name from Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. II to ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol ATIP. Refer to Note 3 - Business Combinations and Divestitures in the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 Home Health divestiture 
 On October 1, 2021, the Company divested its Home Health service line for a sale price of 7.3 million. The major classes of assets and liabilities associated with the Home Health service line consisted predominantly of accounts receivable, accrued expenses and other liabilities which were not material. 
 2021 acquisitions 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company completed 3 acquisitions consisting of 7 total clinics. The Company paid approximately 4.5 million in cash and 1.4 million in future payment consideration, subject to certain time or performance conditions set out in the purchase agreements, to complete the acquisitions. 
 
 Trends and Factors Affecting the Company s Future Performance and Comparability of Results 
 During 2022, we observed the following trends in our operations: 
 Improved referral and patient visit volumes relative to the comparative periods in 2021 and relative to volume softness experienced during the beginning of 2022 which was driven, in part, by an increase in COVID-19 cases due to the outbreak of additional variants. 
 A continued tight labor market for available physical therapy and other healthcare providers in the workforce, contributing to competition in hiring, attrition, clinical staffing level challenges, increased use of contract labor and continued wage inflation in the physical therapy industry and at ATI. 
 Decrease in rate per visit primarily driven by Medicare rate cuts that became effective on January 1, 2022, Medicare sequestration reductions that began after March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022 and less favorable payor and state mix when compared to prior periods. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to achieve our business plan depends upon a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the success of a number of continued steps being taken related to increasing clinical staffing levels, increasing clinician productivity, controlling costs and capital expenditures, increasing visit volumes and referrals and stabilizing rate per visit. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company identified interim triggering events as a result of factors including potential changes in discount rates and decreases in share price. The Company determined that the combination of these factors constituted interim triggering events that required further analysis with respect to potential impairment to goodwill, trade name indefinite-lived intangible and other assets. Accordingly, the Company performed interim quantitative impairment testing as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022 and determined that the fair value amounts were below the respective carrying amounts. As a result, the Company recorded non-cash impairment charges of 318.9 million related to goodwill and 164.4 million related to the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset during the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 5 - Goodwill, Trade Name and Other Intangible Assets in the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 COVID-19 pandemic and volume impacts 
 The coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic in the United States resulted in changes to our operating environment. We continue to closely monitor the impact of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business, and our priorities remain protecting the health and safety of employees and patients, maximizing the availability of services to satisfy patient needs, and improving the operational and financial stability of our business. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, visits per day ("VPD") decreased to a low point of 12,643 during the quarter ended June 30, 2020. The Company has experienced relative increases in quarterly VPD following the low point, as local restrictions in certain markets, referral levels and individual routines evolved compared to prior periods. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we observed volume softness caused, in part, by an increase in COVID-19 cases due to the outbreak of additional variants, which continued to impact visit volumes in the beginning of 2022. Through the remainder of the first quarter of 2022 and the second quarter of 2022, we experienced increases in visit volumes relative to the beginning of 2022. Additionally, while we observed volume softness during the third quarter due, in part, to seasonality, we experienced increases in quarterly VPD through the fourth quarter of 2022 relative to the comparative quarters in 2021. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 The chart below reflects the quarterly trend in VPD. 
 
 As demand for physical therapy services has increased in the market since its low point during the quarter ended June 30, 2020, the Company has focused on attempting to increase its clinical staffing levels by hiring clinicians, optimizing clinician hours based on available workforce and attempting to reduce levels of clinician attrition that have been elevated relative to historical levels. The elevated levels of attrition were initially caused, in part, by changes made during the COVID-19 pandemic related to compensation, staffing levels and support for clinicians. We have implemented a range of actions related to compensation, staffing levels, clinical and professional development and other initiatives in an effort to retain and attract therapists across our platform, which has increased our current and future expectations for labor costs. While the Company has observed improvement in hiring and attrition levels since implementing these actions, attrition remains above historical levels due to a continued tight labor market for available physical therapy and other healthcare providers in the workforce which may impede our progress toward increasing visit volumes. In an effort to drive more volume and visits per day, in addition to focusing on clinical staffing levels and clinician productivity, we are working to establish relationships with new referral sources and strengthen relationships with our partner providers and existing referral sources across our geographic footprint. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic is still evolving and the full extent of its future impact remains unknown and difficult to predict. The future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our performance will depend on certain developments, including the duration and spread of the virus and its newly identified strains, effectiveness and adoption rates of vaccines and other therapeutic remedies, the potential for continued or reinstated restrictive policies enforced by federal, state and local governments, and the impact of the virus and vaccination requirements on our workforce, all of which create uncertainty and cannot be predicted. While we expect the disruption caused by COVID-19 and resulting impacts to diminish over time, we cannot predict the length of such impacts, and if such impacts continue for an extended period, it could have a continued effect on the Company s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, which could be material. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 CARES Act 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act") was signed into law providing reimbursement, grants, waivers and other funds to assist health care providers during the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company has realized benefits under the CARES Act including, but not limited to, the following: 
 In 2020, the Company received approximately 91.5 million of general distribution payments under the Provider Relief Fund. These payments have been recognized in other expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of operations throughout 2020 in a manner commensurate with the reporting and eligibility requirements issued by the U.S. Department of Health Human Services ("HHS"). Based on the terms and conditions of the program, including reporting guidance issued by HHS in 2021, the Company believes that it has met the applicable terms and conditions. This includes, but is not limited to, the fact that the Company s COVID-19 related expenses and lost revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020 exceeded the amount of funds received. To the extent that reporting requirements and terms and conditions are subsequently modified, it may affect the Company s ability to comply and ability to retain the funds. 
 The Company applied for and obtained approval to receive 26.7 million of Medicare Accelerated and Advance Payment Program ("MAAPP") funds during the quarter ended June 30, 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company applied 12.3 million and 12.6 million in MAAPP funds against the outstanding liability, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company transferred 1.8 million in MAAPP funds as part of the divestiture of its Home Health Service line. During the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company met the required performance obligations and performed the remaining services related to the MAAPP funds. Therefore, the remaining funds were applied and repaid during the quarter ended September 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, zero and 12.3 million of the funds are recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively. 
 The Company elected to defer depositing the employer portion of Social Security taxes for payments due from March 27, 2020 through December 31, 2020, interest-free and penalty-free. The Company repaid the remaining deferred payments during the fourth quarter of 2022. Related to these payments, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, zero and 5.9 million is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively. 
 Market and industry trends and factors 
 Outpatient physical therapy services growth. Outpatient physical therapy continues to play a key role in treating musculoskeletal conditions for patients. According to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ("CMS"), musculoskeletal conditions impact individuals of all ages and include some of the most common health issues in the U.S. As healthcare trends in the U.S. continue to evolve, with a growing focus on value-based care emphasizing up-front, conservative care to deliver better outcomes, quality healthcare services addressing such conditions in lower cost outpatient settings may continue increasing in prevalence. 
 U.S. population demographics. The population of adults aged 65 and older in the U.S. is expected to continue to grow and thus expand the Company s market opportunity. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the population of adults over the age of 65 is expected to grow 30 from 2020 through 2030. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Federal funding for Medicare and Medicaid. Federal and state funding of Medicare and Medicaid and the terms of access to these reimbursement programs affect demand for physical therapy services. In recent years, through legislative and regulatory actions, the federal government has made substantial changes to various payment systems under the Medicare program. Beginning in January 2022, the physical therapy industry observed a reduction of Medicare reimbursement rates of approximately 0.75 , as well as a 15 decrease in payments for services performed by physical therapy assistants. Additionally, a further reduction through resuming sequestration was postponed. Sequestration reductions resumed at 1 after March 31, 2022, and by an additional 1 after June 30, 2022, which resulted in an overall reduction of 2 in reimbursement rates related to sequestration after June 30, 2022. In July 2022, the CMS released its proposed 2023 Medicare Physician Fee Schedule which called for an approximate 4.5 reduction in the calendar year 2023 conversion factor. In December 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act (2023) was signed into law. The Consolidated Appropriations Act (2023) provides partial relief related to Medicare cuts including 2.5 relief in 2023 and 1.25 relief in 2024. As a result, the reimbursement rate reduction beginning in January 2023 was approximately 2.0 . 
 Workers compensation funding. Payments received under certain workers compensation arrangements may be based on predetermined state fee schedules, which may be impacted by changes in state funding. 
 Number of people with private health insurance. Physical therapy services are often covered by private health insurance. Individuals covered by private health insurance may be more likely to use healthcare services because it helps offset the cost of such services. As health insurance coverage rises, demand for physical therapy services tends to also increase. 
 
 Key Components of Operating Results 
 Net patient revenue. Net patient revenues are recorded for physical therapy services that the Company provides to patients including physical therapy, work conditioning, hand therapy, aquatic therapy and functional capacity assessment. Net patient revenue is recognized based on contracted amounts with payors or other established rates, adjusted for the estimated effects of any variable consideration, such as contractual allowances and implicit price concessions. Visit volume is primarily driven by conversion of physician referrals and marketing efforts. 
 Other revenue. Other revenue consists of revenue generated by our AWS, MSA and Sports Medicine service lines. 
 Salaries and related costs. Salaries and related costs consist primarily of wages and benefits for our healthcare professionals engaged directly and indirectly in providing services to patients. 
 Rent, clinic supplies, contract labor and other. Comprised of non-salary, clinic related expenses consisting of rent, clinic supplies, contract labor and other costs including travel expenses and depreciation at our clinics. 
 Provision for doubtful accounts. Provision for doubtful accounts represents the Company s estimate of accounts receivable recorded during the period that may ultimately prove uncollectible based upon several factors, including the age of outstanding receivables, the historical experience of collections, the impact of economic conditions and, in some cases, the specific customer account's ability to pay. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of wages and benefits for corporate personnel, corporate outside services, marketing costs, depreciation of corporate fixed assets, amortization of intangible assets and certain corporate level professional fees, including those related to legal, accounting and payroll. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges. Goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges represent non-cash charges associated with the write-down of goodwill, trade name indefinite-lived intangible and other assets. 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability. Represents non-cash amounts related to the change in the estimated fair value of the IPO Warrants. 
 Change in fair value of contingent common shares liability. Represents non-cash amounts related to the change in the estimated fair value of Earnout Shares and Vesting Shares. 
 Loss on settlement of redeemable preferred stock. Represents the loss on settlement of the Wilco Holdco redeemable preferred stock liability based on the value of cash and equity provided to preferred stockholders in relation to the outstanding Wilco Holdco redeemable preferred stock liability at the time of the closing of the Business Combination . 
 Interest expense, net. Interest expense includes the cost of borrowing under the Company s credit facility and amortization of deferred financing costs. 
 Interest expense on redeemable preferred stock. Represents interest expense related to accruing dividends on the Wilco Holdco redeemable preferred stock based on contract terms. 
 Other expense (income), net. Other expense (income), net is comprised of income statement activity not related to the core operations of the Company. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Key Business Metrics 
 When evaluating the results of operations, management has identified a number of metrics that allow for specific evaluation of performance on a more detailed basis. See Results of Operations for further discussion on financial statement metrics such as net revenue, net income, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Patient visits 
 As the main operations of the Company are driven by physical therapy services provided to patients, management considers total patient visits to be a key volume measure of such services. In addition to total patient visits, management analyzes (1) average VPD calculated as total patient visits divided by business days for the period, as this allows for comparability between time periods with an unequal number of business days, and (2) average VPD per clinic, calculated as average VPD divided by the average number of clinics open during the period (excluding clinics under management service agreements). 
 Net patient revenue ("NPR") per visit 
 The Company calculates net patient revenue per visit, its most significant reimbursement metric, by dividing net patient revenue in a period by total patient visits in the same period. 
 Clinics 
 To better understand geographical and location-based trends, the Company evaluates metrics based on the 923 clinics (excluding clinics under management service agreements) and 20 managed clinic locations as of December 31, 2022. De novo clinics represent organic new clinics opened during the current period based on sophisticated site selection analytics. Acqui-novo clinics represent new clinics opened during the current period, that were existing clinic operations not previously owned by the Company, in a target geography that provides the Company with an immediate presence, available staff and referral relationships of the former owner within the surrounding areas. Acquired clinics represent new clinics from purchases of physical therapy practices. Same clinic revenue growth rate identifies revenue growth year over year on clinics that have been owned and operating for over one year. This metric is determined by isolating the population of clinics that have been open for at least 12 months and calculating the percentage change in revenue of this population between the current and prior comparable periods. 
 The following table presents selected operating and financial data that we believe are key indicators of our operating performance: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Number of clinics (end of period) 923 910 875 Number of clinics managed (end of period) 20 20 22 New clinics during the period 36 58 23 Business days 255 257 257 Average visits per day 21,817 20,608 18,274 Average visits per day per clinic 23.6 23.1 21.0 Total patient visits 5,563,243 5,296,161 4,696,475 Net patient revenue per visit 103.53 105.94 112.76 Same clinic revenue growth rate 1.8 4.6 (26.9) 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a rollforward of activity related to the number of clinics during the corresponding periods: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Number of clinics (beginning of period) 910 875 872 Add: New clinics opened during the period 36 51 23 Add: Clinics acquired during the period 7 Less: Clinics closed/sold during the period 23 23 20 Number of clinics (end of period) 923 910 875 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table summarizes the Company s consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) in thousands, except percentages) of Revenue of Revenue Net patient revenue 575,940 90.6 561,080 89.4 14,860 2.6 Other revenue 59,731 9.4 66,791 10.6 (7,060) (10.6) Net revenue 
 635,671 100.0 627,871 100.0 7,800 1.2 Cost of services: Salaries and related costs 
 357,982 56.3 336,496 53.6 21,486 6.4 Rent, clinic supplies, contract labor and other 
 202,568 31.9 180,932 28.8 21,636 12.0 Provision for doubtful accounts 
 13,869 2.2 16,369 2.6 (2,500) (15.3) Total cost of services 
 574,419 90.4 533,797 85.0 40,622 7.6 Selling, general and administrative expenses 114,724 18.0 111,809 17.8 2,915 2.6 Goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges 486,262 76.5 962,303 153.3 (476,041) (49.5) Operating loss 
 (539,734) (84.9) (980,038) (156.1) 440,304 (44.9) Change in fair value of warrant liability (4,243) (0.7) (22,595) (3.6) 18,352 (81.2) Change in fair value of contingent common shares liability (42,525) (6.7) (175,140) (27.9) 132,615 (75.7) Loss on settlement of redeemable preferred stock 14,037 2.2 (14,037) n/m Interest expense, net 45,278 7.1 46,320 7.4 (1,042) (2.2) Interest expense on redeemable preferred stock 10,087 1.6 (10,087) n/m Other expense, net 3,333 0.5 241 3,092 n/m Loss before taxes 
 (541,577) (85.2) (852,988) (135.9) 311,411 (36.5) Income tax benefit (48,530) (7.6) (70,960) (11.3) 22,430 (31.6) Net loss 
 (493,047) (77.6) (782,028) (124.6) 288,981 (37.0) 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Net patient revenue. Net patient revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 575.9 million compared to 561.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of approximately 14.9 million or 2.6 . 
 The increase in net patient revenue was primarily driven by increased visit volumes as a result of higher clinician staffing, higher clinician productivity and higher clinic count in the current period, partially offset by unfavorable net patient revenue per visit and two less business days in the current period. Total patient visits increased by approximately 0.3 million visits, or 5.0 , driving an increase in average visits per day of 1,209, or 5.9 . Net patient revenue per visit decreased 2.41, or 2.3 , to 103.53 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 105.94 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net patient revenue per visit during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by Medicare rate cuts and unfavorable mix shifts related to payor classes and states. 
 The following chart reflects additional detail with respect to drivers of the change in year-to-date net patient revenue (in millions): 
 
 Other revenue. Other revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 59.7 million compared to 66.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 7.1 million or 10.6 . The decrease in other revenue was primarily driven by the absence of Home Health service line revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of its divestiture on October 1, 2021. 
 Salaries and related costs. Salaries and related costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 358.0 million compared to 336.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of approximately 21.5 million or 6.4 . Salaries and related costs as a percentage of net revenue was 56.3 and 53.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 21.5 million was primarily driven by higher compensation due to wage inflation for clinic labor and increased clinician and support staff due to higher visit volumes. The increase as a percentage of net revenue was primarily driven by higher compensation due to wage inflation for clinic labor, higher share-based compensation for clinical employees and lower net patient revenue per visit during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Rent, clinic supplies, contract labor and other. Rent, clinic supplies, contract labor and other costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 202.6 million compared to 180.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of approximately 21.6 million or 12.0 . Rent, clinic supplies, contract labor and other costs as a percentage of net revenue was 31.9 and 28.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 21.6 million and increase as a percentage of net revenue was primarily driven by higher contract labor costs and a higher clinic count during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Provision for doubtful accounts. Provision for doubtful accounts for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 13.9 million compared to 16.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 2.5 million or 15.3 . Provision for doubtful accounts as a percentage of net revenue was 2.2 and 2.6 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease of 2.5 million and decrease as a percentage of net revenue was primarily driven by favorable cash collections during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 114.7 million compared to 111.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2.9 million or 2.6 . Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenue was 18.0 and 17.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 2.9 million and increase as a percentage of net revenue was primarily due to a loss on legal settlement, higher public company operating costs and non-ordinary legal and regulatory costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by lower reorganization and severance costs and lower transaction costs incurred relative to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges. Goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 486.3 million compared to 962.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The amount primarily relates to the non-cash write-down of goodwill and the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset as a result of factors including increases in discount rates, decreases in share price and lower public company comparative multiples in 2022, and revised forecasts reflecting lower than expected patient visit volumes, the acceleration of clinician attrition, competition for clinicians in the labor market and net patient revenue per visit decreases primarily driven by unfavorable payor, state and service mix shifts in 2021. Refer to Note 5 - Goodwill, Trade Name and Other Intangible Assets in the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability. Change in fair value of warrant liability for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a gain of 4.2 million compared to a gain of 22.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The gain in each period relates to the decrease in the estimated fair value of the Company s IPO Warrants, primarily driven by decreases in price of the Company's Public Warrants during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Change in fair value of contingent common shares liability. Change in fair value of contingent common shares liability for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a gain of 42.5 million compared to a gain of 175.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The gain in each period relates to the decrease in the estimated fair value of the Company s Earnout Shares and Vesting Shares, primarily driven by decreases in the Company's share price during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Loss on settlement of redeemable preferred stock. Loss on settlement of redeemable preferred stock for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 14.0 million. The loss is based on the value of cash and equity provided to preferred stockholders in relation to the outstanding Wilco Holdco redeemable preferred stock liability at the time of the closing of the Business Combination. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Interest expense, net. Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 45.3 million compared to 46.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1.0 million or 2.2 . The decrease in interest expense was primarily driven by lower outstanding principal balances under the Company's credit agreement and higher cash flow hedge benefits recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by higher interest rates under the Company s credit agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Interest expense on redeemable preferred stock. Interest expense on redeemable preferred stock for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 10.1 million. The redeemable preferred stock was fully settled in June 2021 and no longer accrued interest following the Business Combination. 
 Other expense, net. Other expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.3 million compared to 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of approximately 3.1 million. The increase was driven by 2.8 million in loss on debt extinguishment related to the derecognition of the unamortized deferred financing costs and original issuance discount associated with the full repayment of the 2016 first lien term loan during the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded 5.5 million in loss on debt extinguishment related to the derecognition of the unamortized deferred financing costs and original issue discount associated with the partial and full repayment of the 2016 first and second lien term loans, respectively, and recorded a 5.8 million gain on the sale of its Home Health service line. 
 Income tax benefit. Income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 48.5 million compared to 71.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease in benefit of approximately 22.4 million. The decrease was primarily driven by the difference in the effective tax rate for the respective periods. The effective tax rate was different between the respective periods primarily due to higher nondeductible impairment charges, nondeductible transaction costs, nondeductible loss on settlement of redeemable preferred stock, interest expense on redeemable preferred stock and fair value adjustments related to liability-classified share-based instruments for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net loss. Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 493.0 million compared to 782.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease in loss of approximately 289.0 million. The comparatively lower loss was primarily driven by lower goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges, partially offset by lower gains related to changes in fair value of warrant liability and contingent common shares liability, lower income tax benefit and no expenses related to redeemable preferred stock during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following table reconciles the supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, as defined under the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), presented herein to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company has provided the non-GAAP financial measures, which are not calculated or presented in accordance with GAAP, as supplemental information and in addition to the financial measures that are calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are defined as net income from continuing operations calculated in accordance with GAAP, less net income attributable to non-controlling interests, plus the sum of income tax expense, interest expense, net, depreciation and amortization EBITDA and further adjusted to exclude certain items of a significant or unusual nature, including but not limited to, goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges, changes in fair value of warrant liability and contingent common shares liability, share-based compensation, non-ordinary legal and regulatory matters, loss on legal settlement, loss on debt extinguishment, transaction and integration costs, reorganization and severance costs, pre-opening de novo costs, gain on sale of Home Health service line, business optimization costs, loss on settlement of redeemable preferred stock and charges related to lease terminations Adjusted EBITDA ). 
 We present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA because they are key measures used by our management team to evaluate our operating performance, generate future operating plans and make strategic decisions. The Company believes EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are useful to investors for the purposes of comparing our results period-to-period and alongside peers and understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team and board of directors. 
 These supplemental measures should not be considered superior to, as a substitute for or as an alternative to, and should be considered in conjunction with, the GAAP financial measures presented. In addition, since these non-GAAP measures are not determined in accordance with GAAP, they are susceptible to varying calculations and may not be comparable to other similarly titled non-GAAP measures of other companies. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP Financial Measures) 
 The following is a reconciliation of net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (each of which is a non-GAAP financial measure) for each of the periods indicated. For additional information on these non-GAAP financial measures, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures above. 
 Year Ended in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net loss (493,047) (782,028) (298) Plus (minus): Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests 
 668 3,700 (5,073) Interest expense, net 
 45,278 46,320 69,291 Interest expense on redeemable preferred stock 
 10,087 19,031 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (48,530) (70,960) 2,065 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 39,841 37,995 39,700 EBITDA (455,790) (754,886) 124,716 Goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges (1) 
 486,262 962,303 Goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges attributable to non-controlling interests (1) 
 (2,415) (7,949) Changes in fair value of warrant liability and contingent common shares liability (2) 
 (46,768) (197,735) Share-based compensation 
 7,432 5,769 1,936 Non-ordinary legal and regulatory matters (3) 
 6,408 2,914 Loss on legal settlement (4) 
 3,000 Loss on debt extinguishment (5) 
 2,809 5,534 Transaction and integration costs (6) 
 3,289 9,788 4,790 Reorganization and severance costs (7) 
 1,797 3,913 7,512 Pre-opening de novo costs (8) 
 992 1,929 1,565 Gain on sale of Home Health service line, net (199) (5,846) Business optimization costs (9) 
 (105) 10,377 Loss on settlement of redeemable preferred stock (10) 
 14,037 Charges related to lease terminations (11) 
 4,253 Adjusted EBITDA 6,712 39,771 155,149 
 (1) Represents non-cash charges related to the write-down of goodwill, trade name indefinite-lived intangible and other assets. Refer to Note 5 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 (2) Represents non-cash amounts related to the change in the estimated fair value of IPO Warrants, Earnout Shares and Vesting Shares. Refer to Notes 3, 13 and 14 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 (3) Represents non-ordinary course legal costs related to the previously disclosed ATIP stockholder class action complaints, derivative complaint and SEC inquiry. Refer to Note 18 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 (4) Represents charge for net settlement liability related to billing dispute. Refer to Note 18 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 (5) Represents charges related to the derecognition of the unamortized deferred financing costs and original issuance discount associated with the full repayment of the 2016 first lien term loan and the partial and full repayment of the 2016 first and second lien term loans, respectively. Refer to Note 8 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 (6) Represents costs related to the Business Combination, non-capitalizable debt and capital transaction costs and consulting and planning costs related to preparation to operate as a public company. 
 (7) Represents severance, consulting and other costs related to discrete initiatives focused on reorganization and delayering of the Company s labor model, management structure and support functions. 
 (8) Represents expenses associated with renovation, equipment and marketing costs relating to the start-up and launch of new locations incurred prior to opening. 
 (9) Represents non-recurring costs to optimize our platform and ATI transformative initiatives. Costs primarily relate to duplicate costs driven by IT and Revenue Cycle Management conversions, labor related costs during the transition of key positions and other incremental costs of driving optimization initiatives. 
 (10) Represents loss on settlement of redeemable preferred stock based on the value of cash and equity provided to preferred stockholders in relation to the outstanding redeemable preferred stock liability at the time of the closing of the Business Combination. 
 (11) Represents charges related to lease terminations prior to the end of term for corporate facilities no longer in use. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are historical operating cash flows, borrowings under our credit agreement and proceeds from equity issuances. We have used these funds for our short-term and long-term capital needs, which include salaries, benefits and other employee-related expenses, rent, clinical supplies, outside services, capital expenditures, acquisitions, de novos, acqui-novos and debt service. Our capital expenditure, acquisition, de novo and acqui-novo spend will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the targeted number of new clinic openings, patient volumes, clinician labor market, revenue growth rates and level of operating cash flows. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , we had 83.1 million and 48.6 million in cash and cash equivalents, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had no available capacity under our 2022 revolving credit facility. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had operating cash outflows of 65.5 million driven by items including net losses and the application and repayment of MAAPP funds and deferred employer Social Security taxes. Our ability to generate future operating cash flows depends on many factors, including clinical staffing levels and productivity, costs and capital expenditures, patient volumes, referrals and re venue growth rates. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had zero and 12.3 million of MAAPP funds included in the balance of cash and cash equivalents, respectively. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , the Company had zero and 5.9 million of deferred Social Security taxes included in the balance of cash and cash equivalents. The Company began applying MAAPP funds to Medicare billings in the second quarter of 2021 and began remitting payments on its deferred employer Social Security taxes in the third and fourth quarters of 2021. The remaining MAAPP funds and deferred employer Social Security taxes were applied and repaid during 2022. The repayment of CARES Act funds, together with net losses and other operational activity, led to a net operating cash outflow for 2022. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 We make reasonable and appropriate efforts to collect accounts receivable, including payor amounts and applicable patient deductibles, co-payments and co-insurance, in a consistent manner for all payor types. Claims are submitted to payors daily, weekly or monthly in accordance with our policy or payor s requirements. When possible, we submit our claims electronically. The collection process is time consuming and typically involves the submission of claims to multiple payors whose payment of claims may be dependent upon the payment of another payor. Claims under litigation and vehicular incidents can take a year or longer to collect. 
 Liquidity and going concern 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 205-40, Going Concern , the Company has evaluated whether there are certain conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within twelve months after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. This evaluation includes considerations related to the covenants contained in the Company s 2022 Credit Agreement as well as the Company s liquidity position overall. 
 As detailed in Note 8 - Borrowings , the Company s 2022 Credit Agreement contains customary covenants and restrictions, including financial and non-financial covenants. The financial covenants require the Company to maintain 30.0 million of minimum liquidity, as defined in the agreement, at each test date through the first quarter of 2024. Additionally, beginning in the second quarter of 2024, the Company must maintain a Secured Net Leverage Ratio, as defined in the agreement, not to exceed 7.00:1.00. The net leverage ratio covenant decreases in the third quarter of 2024 to 6.75:1.00 and further decreases in the first quarter of 2025 to 6.25:1.00, which level remains applicable through maturity. The financial covenants are tested as of each fiscal quarter end for the respective periods. Failure to comply with these covenants and restrictions would result in an event of default, subject to customary cure periods. 
 In addition, the 2022 Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, reporting and other affirmative covenants and negative covenants, including requirements related to the delivery of independent audit reports without certain going concern qualifications, limitations on indebtedness, liens, investments, negative pledges, dividends, junior debt payments, fundamental changes and asset sales and affiliate transactions. Failure to comply with the 2022 Credit Facility covenants and restrictions, including the provision related to certain going concern qualifications for any fiscal year, including the year ended December 31, 2022, could result in an event of default under the 2022 Credit Facility, subject to customary cure periods. In such an event, all amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Facility, together with any accrued interest, could then be declared immediately due and payable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 83.1 million in cash and cash equivalents and no available capacity under its 2022 revolving credit facility. As measured based on the definitions in the Company s 2022 Credit Agreement, liquidity was 72.9 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has negative operating cash flows, operating losses and net losses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had cash flow used in operating activities of 65.5 million, operating loss of 539.7 million and net loss of 493.0 million. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 1,339.5 million. These results are, in part, due to trends experienced by the Company including a tight labor market for available physical therapy and other healthcare providers in the workforce, visit volume softness, decreases in rate per visit and increases in interest costs. Based on current liquidity and projected cash use, the Company anticipates violation of its 30.0 million minimum liquidity covenant under its 2022 Credit Agreement within the next twelve months. As a result of the above factors, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within twelve months following the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the period ended December 31, 2022. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Improving operating results and cash flow is dependent upon the Company s ability to achieve its business plan to increase clinical staffing levels and clinician productivity, control costs and capital expenditures, increase patient visit volumes and referrals and stabilize rate per visit. However, there can be no assurance that it will be successful in any of these respects. 
 If the Company does not complete the Transaction as contemplated by the TSA or otherwise access additional financing, the Company will need to consider other alternatives, including pursuing separate amendments to or waivers of the minimum liquidity covenant, the requirement to deliver audited financial statements without certain going concern qualifications, and other requirements under the 2022 Credit Agreement, as well as raising funds from other sources, obtaining alternate financing, disposal of assets, or pursuing other strategic alternatives to improve its liquidity position and business results. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in completing the Transaction or accessing such alternative options or financing when needed. Failure to do so could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may lead to events including bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency. 
 In addition, the report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm accompanying the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contains an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Absent an amendment or waiver, the 2022 Credit Agreement provides that the receipt of a report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm containing an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern could be an event of default, subject to certain exceptions. Pursuant to the TSA, the First Lien Lenders have agreed that, prior to the Outside Closing Date, they will forbear in the exercise of any rights, remedies, powers, privileges and defenses under the 2022 Credit Agreement arising on account of a default, alleged default or event of default (if any) resulting from the going concern explanatory paragraph in the report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm accompanying the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. However, if the transactions contemplated by the TSA are not consummated on its terms or at all, the First Lien Lenders could claim that a default or event of default has occurred under the 2022 Credit Agreement. If such claim is not waived by the First Lien Lenders and the Company is unsuccessful in disputing any such claims (including with respect to the applicability of one of the enumerated exceptions to the 2022 Credit Agreement requirement), the Company could be considered to have an event of default after the expiration of the applicable cure periods. In such event, all amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Facility, together with any accrued interest, could then be declared immediately due and payable and could be reclassified to current in the Company's consolidated financial statements for the period. A default on our obligations and an acceleration of our indebtedness by our lenders would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may lead to events including bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency. 
 On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into a Transaction Support Agreement (the TSA with certain of its first lien lenders under the 2022 Credit Agreement (the "First Lien Lenders"), the administrative agent under the 2022 Credit Agreement, holders of its Series A Senior Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Equityholders") and holders of the majority of its common stock (together with the First Lien Lenders and the Preferred Equityholders, the Parties ), setting forth the principal terms of a comprehensive transaction to enhance the Company's liquidity (the "Transaction"). Pursuant to the TSA, and subject to the terms and conditions thereof, the Parties have agreed to support, act in good faith and take all steps reasonably necessary and desirable to consummate the transactions referenced therein by June 15, 2023 (the Outside Closing Date ). 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 The TSA contemplates, among other things, (i) a delayed draw new money financing, available under certain circumstances until the 18 month anniversary of the closing date of the transactions, in an aggregate principal amount equal to 25.0 million in the form of new second lien PIK exchangeable notes Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes ), (ii) exchange of 100.0 million of the aggregate principal amount of the term loans under the 2022 Credit Facility held by certain of the Preferred Equityholders for Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes, (iii) a reduction of the thresholds applicable to the minimum liquidity financial covenant under the 2022 Credit Agreement for certain periods, (iv) a waiver of the requirement to comply with the Secured Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant under the 2022 Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 and a modification of the levels and certain component definitions applicable thereto in the fiscal quarters ending after December 31, 2024, (v) waiver of the requirement for the Company to deliver audited financial statements without certain going concern qualifications for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2024, (vi) an increase in the interest rate payable on the existing term loans and revolving loans until the achievement of a specified financial metric and (vii) board representation and observer rights, and other changes to the governance of the Company. The Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes would be exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock of the Company at a fixed price of 0.25, and the holders thereof would have the right to vote on corporate matters on an as-exchanged basis. The TSA contains certain representations, warranties and other agreements by the Company and Parties. In accordance with the TSA, the First Lien Lenders agreed that, prior to the Outside Closing Date, they will forbear in the exercise of any rights, remedies, powers, privileges and defenses under the 2022 Credit Agreement arising on account of an alleged default or event of default (if any) resulting from the going concern explanatory paragraph in the independent auditors' report accompanying the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Credit Agreement Forbearance"). The Parties' obligations under the TSA are, and the closing of the Transaction is, subject to various customary terms and conditions set forth therein, including the execution and delivery of definitive documentation and approval by the Company's stockholders. 
 There is no assurance that the transactions contemplated by the TSA will be consummated on the terms as described above, on a timely basis or at all. 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business within twelve months after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 2022 Credit Agreement 
 On February 24, 2022 (the "Refinancing Date"), the Company entered into various financing arrangements to refinance its existing long-term debt, which consisted of 555.0 million in principal under the Company's existing term loan (the "2016 first lien term loan"), which was repaid in full on the Refinancing Date. As part of the 2022 Debt Refinancing, ATI Holdings Acquisition, Inc. (the "Borrower"), an indirect subsidiary of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc., entered into a credit agreement among the Borrower, Wilco Intermediate Holdings, Inc. ("Holdings"), as loan guarantor, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and issuing bank, and a syndicate of lenders (the "2022 Credit Agreement"). The 2022 Credit Agreement provides a 550.0 million credit facility (the "2022 Credit Facility") that is comprised of a 500.0 million senior secured term loan (the "Senior Secured Term Loan") which was fully funded at closing and a 50.0 million "super priority" senior secured revolver (the "Revolving Loans") with a 10.0 million letter of credit sublimit. The 2022 Credit Facility refinanced and replaced the Company's prior credit facility for which Barclays Bank PLC served as administrative agent for a syndicate of lenders. 
 The Company recognized 2.8 million in loss on debt extinguishment related to the derecognition of the remaining unamortized deferred financing costs and unamortized original issue discount in conjunction with the repayment of the 2016 first lien term loan. The Company capitalized debt issuance costs totaling 12.5 million related to the 2022 Credit Facility as well as an original issue discount of 10.0 million. The Company capitalized issuance costs of 0.5 million related to the Revolving Loans. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 The Senior Secured Term Loan matures on February 24, 2028 and bears interest, at the Company's election, at a base interest rate of the Alternate Base Rate ("ABR"), as defined in the agreement, plus an applicable credit spread, or the Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), as defined in the agreement, plus an applicable credit spread. The credit spread is determined based on a pricing grid and the Company's Secured Net Leverage Ratio. The Company may elect to pay 2.0 interest in-kind at a 0.5 premium during the first year under the agreement. The Company elected to pay a portion of its interest in-kind during the third and fourth quarters of 2022. As of December 31, 2022, borrowings on the Senior Secured Term Loan bear interest at 1-month SOFR, subject to a 1.0 floor, plus 7.25 plus the 0.5 paid-in-kind interest premium. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Senior Secured Term Loan was 12.1 and the effective interest rate was 13.1 . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal amount under the Senior Secured Term Loan was 503.5 million. 
 The Revolving Loans are subject to a maximum borrowing capacity of 50.0 million and mature on February 24, 2027. Borrowings on the Revolving Loans bear interest, at the Company's election, at a base interest rate of the ABR, as defined in the agreement, plus an applicable credit spread, or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, as defined in the agreement, plus an applicable credit spread. The credit spread is determined based on a pricing grid and the Company's Secured Net Leverage Ratio. Commitment fees on the Revolving Loans are payable quarterly at 0.5 per annum on the daily average undrawn portion for the quarter and are expensed as incurred. In December 2022, the Company drew 48.2 million in Revolving Loans. As of December 31, 2022, 48.2 million in Revolving Loans were outstanding and bearing interest at rate of 8.3 . 
 The 2022 Credit Facility is guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries and is secured by substantially all of the assets of Holdings, the Borrower and the Borrower s wholly owned subsidiaries, including a pledge of the stock of the Borrower, in each case, subject to customary exceptions. 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement contains customary covenants and restrictions, including financial and non-financial covenants. The financial covenants require the Company to maintain 30.0 million of minimum liquidity, as defined in the agreement, at each test date through the first quarter of 2024. Additionally, beginning in the second quarter of 2024, the Company must maintain a Secured Net Leverage Ratio, as defined in the agreement, not to exceed 7.00:1.00. The net leverage ratio covenant decreases in the third quarter of 2024 to 6.75:1.00 and further decreases in the first quarter of 2025 to 6.25:1.00, which remains applicable through maturity. The financial covenants are tested as of each fiscal quarter end for the respective periods. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has met its minimum liquidity financial covenant. 
 The 2022 Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, reporting and other affirmative covenants and negative covenants, including requirements related to the delivery of independent audit reports without certain going concern qualifications, limitations on indebtedness, liens, investments, negative pledges, dividends, junior debt payments, fundamental changes and asset sales and affiliate transactions. Failure to comply with the 2022 Credit Facility covenants and restrictions could result in an event of default under the 2022 Credit Facility, subject to customary cure periods. In such an event, all amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Facility, together with any accrued interest, could then be declared immediately due and payable. 
 Under the 2022 Credit Facility, the Company may be required to make certain mandatory prepayments upon the occurrence of certain events, including: an event of default, a Prepayment Asset Sale or receipt of Net Insurance Proceeds (as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement) in excess of 15.0 million, or excess cash flows exceeding certain thresholds (as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement). 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Preferred Stock Financing 
 In connection with the 2022 Debt Refinancing, the Company issued 165,000 shares of non-convertible preferred stock (the "Series A Senior Preferred Stock") plus 5.2 million warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of 3.00 per share (the "Series I Warrants") and warrants to purchase 6.3 million shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price equal to 0.01 per share (the "Series II Warrants"). The shares of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock have a par value of 0.0001 per share and an initial stated value of 1,000 per share, for an aggregate initial stated value of 165.0 million. The Series I and Series II Warrants are exercisable for 5 years from the Refinancing Date. 
 The gross proceeds received from the issuance of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock and the Series I and Series II Warrants were 165.0 million, which was allocated among the instruments based on the relative fair values of each instrument. Of the gross proceeds, 144.7 million was allocated to the Series A Senior Preferred Stock, 5.1 million to the Series I Warrants and 15.2 million to the Series II Warrants. The resulting discount on the Series A Senior Preferred Stock will be recognized as a deemed dividend when those shares are subsequently remeasured upon becoming redeemable or probable of becoming redeemable. The Company recognized 2.9 million in issuance costs and 1.4 million of original issue discount related to the Series A Senior Preferred Stock. The Company recognized total issuance costs and original issue discount of approximately 0.2 million and 0.5 million related to the Series I Warrants and Series II Warrants, respectively. 
 The Series A Senior Preferred Stock has priority over the Company's Class A common stock and all other junior equity securities of the Company, and is junior to the Company's existing or future indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables), with respect to payment of dividends, distribution of assets, and all other liquidation, winding up, dissolution, dividend and redemption rights. 
 The Series A Senior Preferred Stock carries an initial dividend rate of 12.0 per annum (the "Base Dividend Rate"), payable quarterly in arrears. Dividends will be paid in-kind and added to the stated value of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock. The Company may elect to pay dividends on the Series A Senior Preferred Stock in cash beginning on the third anniversary of the Refinancing Date and, with respect to any such dividends paid in cash, the dividend rate then in effect will be decreased by 1.0 . 
 The Base Dividend Rate is subject to certain adjustments, including an increase of 1.0 per annum on the first day following the fifth anniversary of the Refinancing Date and on each one-year anniversary thereafter, and 2.0 per annum upon the occurrence of either an Event of Noncompliance (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) or a failure by the Company to redeem in full all Series A Senior Preferred Stock upon a Mandatory Redemption Event, which includes a change of control, liquidation, bankruptcy or certain restructurings. The paid in-kind dividends related to the Series A Preferred Stock were 17.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the accumulated paid in-kind dividends related to the Series A Preferred Stock were 17.9 million and the aggregate stated value was 182.9 million. 
 The Company has the right to redeem the Series A Senior Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time (subject to certain limitations on partial redemptions). The Redemption Price for each share of Series A Senior Preferred Stock is equal to the stated value subject to certain price adjustments depending on when such optional redemption takes place, if at all. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 The Series A Senior Preferred Stock is perpetual and is not mandatorily redeemable at the option of the holders, except upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event. Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event, to the extent not prohibited by law, the Company is required to redeem all Series A Senior Preferred Stock, in cash, at a price per share equal to the then applicable Redemption Price. Based on the Company s assessment of the conditions which would trigger the redemption of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock, the Company has determined that the Series A Senior Preferred Stock is neither currently redeemable nor probable of becoming redeemable. Because the Series A Senior Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity and is not considered redeemable or probable of becoming redeemable, the paid in-kind dividends that are added to the stated value do not impact the carrying value of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Should the Series A Senior Preferred Stock become probable of becoming redeemable, the Company will recognize changes in the redemption value of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount accordingly at the end of each reporting period. As of December 31, 2022, the redemption value of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock was 182.9 million, which is the stated value. 
 If an Event of Noncompliance occurs, then the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Senior Preferred Stock (the Majority Holders have the right to demand that the Company engage in a sale/refinancing process to consummate a Forced Transaction. A Forced Transaction includes a refinancing of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock or a sale of the Company. Upon consummation of any Forced Transaction, to the extent not prohibited by law, the Company is required to redeem all Series A Senior Preferred Stock, in cash, at a price per share equal to the then applicable Redemption Price. 
 Holders of shares of Series A Senior Preferred Stock have no voting rights with respect to the Series A Senior Preferred Stock except as set forth in the Certificate of Designation, other documents entered into in connection with the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, or as otherwise required by law. For so long as any Series A Senior Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Company is prohibited from taking certain actions without the prior consent of the Majority Holders as set forth in the Certificate of Designation which include: issuing equity securities ranking senior to or pari passu with the Series A Senior Preferred Stock, incurring indebtedness or liens, engaging in affiliate transactions, making restricted payments, consummating certain investments or asset dispositions, consummating a change of control transaction unless the Series A Senior Preferred Stock is redeemed in full, altering the Company s organizational documents, and making material changes to the nature of the Company s business. 
 Holders of Series A Senior Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, have the right to designate and elect one director to serve on the Company s board of directors until such time after the Refinancing Date that (i) as of any applicable fiscal quarter end, the Company s trailing 12-month Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) exceeds 100 million, or (ii) the Lead Purchaser ceases to hold at least 50.1 of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock held by it as of the Refinancing Date. 
 As a result of the 2022 Debt Refinancing and the Preferred Stock Financing, the Company added approximately 77.3 million of cash to its balance sheet. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Cash Flows 
 The following table presents selected data from our consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 Year Ended in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (65,508) (42,100) Net cash used in investing activities (28,048) (39,889) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 128,079 (11,523) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 34,523 (93,512) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 48,616 142,128 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 83,139 48,616 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 65.5 million compared to 42.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase in cash used of 23.4 million. The change was primarily the result of approximately 27.7 million higher net losses as adjusted for non-cash items such as goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges and changes in fair value of warrant liability and contingent common shares liability during the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by a 3.6 million payment of transaction-related amount due to former owners not recurring in 2022. 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 28.0 million compared to 39.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of approximately 11.8 million. The decrease was primarily driven by cash outflows related to purchases of acqui-novo clinics during the year ended December 31, 2021 not recurring in 2022 and lower capital expenditures during the year ended December 31, 2022 due to fewer clinic openings. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 128.1 million compared to 11.5 million of cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase in cash provided of 139.6 million. The change was primarily driven by net cash inflows related to the 2022 Debt Refinancing (refer to Note 8 - Borrowings for further details) and drawing Revolving Loans under the 2022 Credit Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 The Company may be subject to loss contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of its business. The Company records accruals for such loss contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an accrual related to the outcomes of certain legal matters described in Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies . As of December 31, 2022, the liability has been fully settled. Refer to Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for further information. 
 We enter into contractual obligations and commitments from time to time in the normal course of business, primarily related to our debt financing and operating leases. Refer to Notes 8 and 17 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for further information. Additionally, the Company has contractual commitments related to cloud computing and telecommunication service agreements. Refer to Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for further information. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements requires its management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures. The Company s management bases its estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Different assumptions and judgments would change the estimates used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements which, in turn, could change the results from those reported. In addition, actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
 Critical accounting estimates are those that the Company s management considers the most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations because they require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company s critical accounting estimates in relation to its consolidated financial statements include those related to: 
 Patient revenue recognition and allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Realization of deferred tax assets 
 Goodwill and intangible assets 
 Additional information related to our critical accounting estimates can be found in Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Patient revenue recognition and allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Net patient revenue 
 We provide an array of services to our patients including physical therapy, work conditioning, hand therapy, aquatic therapy, functional capacity assessment, sports medicine and wellness programs. Net patient revenue consists of these physical therapy services. 
 Net patient revenue is recognized at an amount equal to the consideration the Company expects to receive from third-party payors, patients and others for services rendered when the performance obligations under the terms of the contract are satisfied. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 There is an implied contract between the Company and the patient upon each patient visit resulting in the Company s patient service performance obligation. Generally, the performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time, as each service provided is distinct and future services rendered are not dependent on previously rendered services. The Company has separate contractual agreements with third-party payors (e.g., insurers, managed care programs, government programs, workers' compensation) that provide for payments to the Company at amounts different from its established rates. While these agreements are not considered contracts with the customer, they are used for determining the transaction price for services provided to the patients covered by the third-party payors. The payor contracts do not indicate performance obligations of the Company but indicate reimbursement rates for patients who are covered by those payors when the services are provided. 
 To determine the transaction price associated with the implied contract, the Company includes the estimated effects of any variable consideration, such as contractual allowances and implicit price concessions. When the Company has contracts with negotiated prices for services provided (contracted payors), the Company considers the contractual rates when estimating contractual allowances. Variable consideration is estimated using a portfolio approach that incorporates whether or not the Company has historical differences from negotiated rates due to non-compliance with contract provisions. Historical results indicate that it is probable that negotiated prices less variable consideration will be realized; therefore, this amount is deemed the transaction price and recorded as revenue. The Company records an estimated provision for doubtful accounts based on historical collections for claims with similar characteristics, such as location of service and type of third-party payor, at the time of recognition. Any subsequent impairment of the related receivable is recorded as provision for doubtful accounts. 
 For non-contracted payors, the Company determines the transaction price by applying established rates to the services provided and adjusting for contractual allowances provided to third-party payors and implicit price concessions. The Company estimates the contractual allowances and implicit price concessions using a portfolio approach based on historical collections for claims with similar characteristics, such as location of service and type of third-party payor, in relation to established rates, because the Company does not have a contract with the underlying payor. Any subsequent changes in estimate on the realization of the receivable is recorded as a revenue adjustment. Management believes that calculating at the portfolio level would not differ materially from considering each patient account separately. 
 The Company continually reviews the revenue transaction price estimation process to consider updates to laws and regulations and changes in third-party payor contractual terms that result from contract renegotiations and renewals. Due to complexities involved in determining amounts ultimately due under reimbursement arrangements with third-party payors and government entities, which are often subject to interpretation, the Company may receive reimbursement for healthcare services that is different from the estimates, and such differences could be material. 
 In its evaluation of the revenue transaction price, management assesses historical collection experience in relation to contracted rates, or for non-contracted payors, established rates. The practice of applying historical collection experience to determine the revenue transaction price for current transactions involves significant judgment and estimation. Management subsequently monitors the appropriateness of its estimates for claims on a date of service basis as cash collections on previous periods mature. Actual cash collections upon maturity may differ from the transaction price estimated upon initial recognition, and such differences could be material. If initial revenue recognition estimates increased or decreased by 100 basis points relative to an annual period, the impact to collections of the annual net patient revenue would be approximately 5.8 million. Management believes subsequent changes in estimate as a result of maturity of claims with dates of service in 2019, 2020 and 2021 have not been material to the consolidated statements of operations. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 The following table disaggregates net patient revenue for each associated payor class for the periods indicated below: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Commercial 57.6 56.3 53.1 Government 24.2 23.7 22.2 Workers Compensation 12.4 14.3 17.6 Other (1) 
 5.8 5.7 7.1 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 (1) Other is primarily comprised of net patient revenue related to auto personal injury which by its nature may have longer-term collection characteristics relative to other payor classes. 
 The following table disaggregates accounts receivable, net associated with net patient revenue for each associated payor class as of: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Commercial 43.9 40.3 Government 13.7 9.1 Workers Compensation 15.5 18.1 Other (1) 
 26.9 32.5 100.0 100.0 
 (1) Other is primarily comprised of accounts receivable associated with net patient revenue related to auto personal injury. 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on estimates of losses related to receivable balances. The risk of collection varies based upon the service, the payor class and the patient s ability to pay the amounts not reimbursed by the payor. The Company estimates the allowance for doubtful accounts based upon several factors, including the age of the outstanding receivables, the historical experience of collections, the impact of economic conditions and, in some cases, evaluating specific customer accounts for the ability to pay. Management judgment is used to assess the collectability of accounts and the ability of the Company s customers to pay. The provision for doubtful accounts is included in cost of services in the consolidated statements of operations. When it is determined that a customer account is uncollectible, that balance is written off against the existing allowance. 
 Realization of deferred tax assets 
 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes . Under ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and the respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rate is recognized in operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 We evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets and reduce those assets using a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Among the factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are projections of future taxable income streams and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. The judgments made at any point in time may be impacted by changes in tax codes, statutory tax rates or future taxable income levels. This could materially impact our assessment of the need for valuation allowance reserves and could cause our provision for income taxes to vary significantly from period to period. 
 Goodwill and intangible assets 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company accounts for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets under ASC Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other , which requires the Company to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that impairment may exist. 
 The cost of acquired businesses is allocated first to its identifiable assets, both tangible and intangible, based on estimated fair values. Costs allocated to finite-lived identifiable intangible assets are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining estimated useful lives of the assets. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed, is recorded as goodwill. 
 Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but must be reviewed at least annually for impairment. If the impairment test indicates that the carrying value of an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, then an impairment loss should be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in an amount equal to the excess carrying value over fair value. Fair value is determined using valuation techniques based on estimates, judgments and assumptions the Company believes are appropriate in the circumstances. The Company completed the interim and annual impairment analyses of goodwill as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022, October 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 using an average of a discounted cash flow analysis and comparable public company analysis. Goodwill impairment charges were recorded during the first, second, third and fourth quarters of 2022. The key assumptions associated with determining the estimated fair value include projected revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins, the terminal growth rate, the discount rate and relevant market multiples. 
 The Company completed the interim and annual impairment analysis of the indefinite lived intangible asset as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022, October 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 using the relief from royalty method. Indefinite lived intangibles asset impairment charges were recorded during the first, second, third and fourth quarters of 2022. The key assumptions associated with determining the estimated fair value include projected revenue growth rates, the royalty rate, the discount rate and the terminal growth rate. 
 The Company has one reporting unit for purposes of the Company s goodwill impairment tests. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company identified interim triggering events as a result of factors including potential changes in discount rates and decreases in share price. The Company determined that the combination of these factors constituted interim triggering events that required further analysis with respect to potential impairment to goodwill, trade name indefinite-lived intangible and other assets. Accordingly, the Company performed interim quantitative impairment testing as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022 and determined that the fair value amounts were below the respective carrying amounts. As a result, the Company recorded non-cash impairment charges of 318.9 million related to goodwill and 164.4 million related to the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset during the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 5 - Goodwill, Trade Name and Other Intangible Assets in the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates and market factors. Estimating the fair value of the Company s reporting unit and the indefinite-lived intangible asset requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans, as well as industry, economic, and regulatory conditions. These assumptions and estimates include projected revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins, terminal growth rates, discount rates, relevant market multiples, royalty rates and other market factors. If current expectations of future growth rates, margins and cash flows are not met, or if market factors outside of our control change significantly, including discount rates, relevant market multiples, company share price and other market factors, then our reporting unit or the indefinite-lived intangible asset might become impaired in the future, negatively impacting our operating results and financial position. As the carrying amounts of goodwill and the Company s trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset were impaired as of December 31, 2022 and written down to fair value, those amounts are more susceptible to an impairment risk if there are unfavorable changes in assumptions and estimates. Additionally, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets associated with acquisitions that may occur in the future are recorded on the balance sheet at their estimated acquisition date fair values, those amounts are more susceptible to impairment risk if business operating results or market conditions deteriorate. 
 To further illustrate sensitivity of the valuation models, if we had changed the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of our goodwill reporting unit and trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset in our most recent quantitative analysis, these isolated changes, which are reasonably possible to occur, would have led to the following approximate increase/(decrease) in the aggregate fair value of the reporting unit under the discounted cash flow analysis or trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset (in thousands): 
 Discount rate Terminal growth rate (1) 
 EBITDA margin Royalty rate 50 basis points 100 basis points 100 basis points 50 basis points Increase Decrease Increase Decrease Increase Decrease Increase Decrease Goodwill (40,000) 45,000 45,000 (35,000) 40,000 (40,000) Trade name (10,000) 15,000 15,000 (10,000) 35,000 (35,000) 
 (1) An increase of 100 basis points to our assumed non-terminal revenue growth rates would result in approximately 50 million of an estimated increase to the fair value of our goodwill reporting unit, whereas a 100 basis point decrease would result in approximately 40 million of an estimated decrease to the fair value of our goodwill reporting unit. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company is exposed to interest rate variability with regard to its existing variable-rate debt instrument, which exposure primarily relates to movements in various interest rates, such as SOFR. The Company utilizes interest rate cap derivative instruments for purposes of hedging exposures related to such variable-rate cash payments. Based on our current hedging instruments as of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical increase of interest rates by 100 basis points would increase our annual cash interest expense by approximately 2.9 million and a hypothetical decrease of interest rates by 100 basis points would decrease our annual cash interest expense by approximately 3.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company s derivative instruments consisted of assets of 5.0 million and liabilities of 0.1 million. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the Company s derivative instrument consisted of a 0.3 million non-current asset and 0.3 million current liability. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting . The amendments in this update provide optional guidance for a limited period of time to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. This standard was subsequently amended by ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope , and by ASU 2020-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848. This standard is optional and may be applied by entities after March 12, 2020, but no later than December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a derivative instrument for which the interest rate is indexed to the LIBOR. During the period ended March 31, 2022, the Company modified the reference rate index on its hedged items, which are future variable-rate cash payments, from LIBOR to SOFR. The Company elected to apply the hedge accounting expedients related to probability and the assessments of effectiveness for future cash flows to assume that the index upon which future hedged transactions will be based matches the index on the corresponding derivative, which is LIBOR. The guidance allows for different expedient elections to be made at different points in time. As of December 31, 2022, the Company continues to apply the hedge accounting expedients and does not anticipate that this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements, however, the Company will continue to assess the potential impact on its future hedging relationships and expedient elections, as applicable. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 88 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 93 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 95 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 96 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 97 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 99 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of changes in stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 appearing under Item 15 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company did not maintain, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO because material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting existed as of that date related to insufficient complement of tax personnel and ineffective controls over the income tax provision. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses referred to above are described in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. We considered these material weaknesses in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and our opinion regarding the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting does not affect our opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Substantial Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has negative operating cash flows, operating losses and net losses that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2020. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in management's report referred to above. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Valuation of patient service revenue and related accounts receivable - contractual allowances 
 As described in Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, net patient revenue is recognized at an amount equal to the consideration the Company expects to receive from third-party payors, patients and others for services rendered when the performance obligations under the terms of the contract are satisfied. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net patient service revenue was 575.9 million and related accounts receivable was 80.7 million as of December 31, 2022. There is an implied contract between the Company and the patient upon each patient visit resulting in the Company s patient service performance obligation. To determine the transaction price associated with the implied contract, management includes the estimated effects of any variable consideration, such as contractual allowances and implicit price concessions. When the Company has contracts with negotiated prices for services provided, management considers the contractual rates when recording revenue and adjusts for any variable consideration to the transaction price to arrive at revenue. For non-contracted payors, management determines the transaction price by applying established rates to the services provided and adjusting for contractual allowances provided to third-party payors and implicit price concessions. Management estimates the contractual allowances and implicit price concessions using a portfolio approach based on historical collections for claims with similar characteristics, such as location of service and type of third-party payor, in relation to established rates, because the Company does not have a contract with the underlying payor. Any subsequent changes in estimate on the realization of the receivable is recorded as a revenue adjustment. Management continually reviews the revenue transaction price estimation process to consider updates to laws and regulations and changes in third-party payor contractual terms that result from contract renegotiations and renewals. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of patient service revenue and related accounts receivable for contractual allowances is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in estimating the value of patient service revenue and related accounts receivable for contractual allowances, and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the contractual allowances. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s valuation of patient accounts receivable, including controls over the contractual allowance model, completeness and accuracy of historical collection data and review of adjustments made by management to contractual allowances. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for developing the estimate for contractual allowances, including (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the analysis used by management, (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying historical collection data used in the analysis, (iii) testing, on a sample basis, the accuracy of revenue transactions and cash collections from the historical billing and collection data used in management s analysis, (iv) performing a retrospective comparison of actual cash collected subsequent to the prior year-end to evaluate the reasonableness of the prior year estimate, and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of adjustments made by management to contractual allowances. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill and trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessments 
 As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill and trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset balances were 286.5 million and 245.0 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but must be reviewed at least annually for impairment, or whenever events or circumstances indicate that impairment may exist. If the impairment test indicates that the carrying value of goodwill of the reporting unit or an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, then an impairment loss should be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in an amount equal to the excess carrying value over fair value. Management completed the interim and annual impairment analyses of goodwill as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022, October 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 by estimating the fair value of the Company s single reporting unit using an average of a discounted cash flow analysis and comparable public company analysis. The key assumptions associated with determining the estimated fair value of the reporting unit include projected revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins, the terminal growth rate, the discount rate, and relevant market multiples. Management completed the interim and annual impairment analyses of the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022, October 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 by estimating the fair value of the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset using the relief from royalty method. The key assumptions associated with determining the estimated fair value of the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset include projected revenue growth rates, the royalty rate, the discount rate and the terminal growth rate. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 318.9 million and 164.4 million of total impairment charges related to goodwill and the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset, respectively. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill and trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessments is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimates of the reporting unit and trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to projected revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins, the terminal growth rate, the discount rate and relevant market multiples, related to goodwill and projected revenue growth rates, the royalty rate, the terminal growth rate, and the discount rate related to the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessments, including controls over the valuation of the Company s single reporting unit and the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimates, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of management s fair value analyses, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the analyses, and (iv) evaluating significant assumptions used by management related to the projected revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins, the terminal growth rate, the discount rate, and relevant market multiples related to goodwill and projected revenue growth rates, the royalty rate, the terminal growth rate and the discount rate related to the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset. Evaluating management s assumptions related to projected revenue growth rates and EBITDA margins involved evaluating whether the assumptions were reasonable considering past performance of the Company, the consistency with external data from other sources, and whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow analysis, comparable public company analysis and relief from royalty method, and (ii) the reasonableness of the assumptions related to the discount rates, the terminal growth rate, the royalty rate, and relevant market multiples. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets: Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Prepaid expenses Other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill, net Trade name and other intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders' Equity: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Warrant liability Contingent common shares liability Deferred income tax liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) 
 Mezzanine equity: Series A Senior Preferred Stock, par value; million shares authorized; stated value per share and million shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022; ne issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Stockholders' equity: Class A common stock, par value; million shares authorized; million shares issued, million shares outstanding at December 31, 2022; million shares issued, million shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Treasury stock, at cost, million shares and million shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. equity Non-controlling interests Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net patient revenue Other revenue Net revenue Cost of services: Salaries and related costs Rent, clinic supplies, contract labor and other Provision for doubtful accounts Total cost of services Selling, general and administrative expenses Goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges Operating loss ) ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) Change in fair value of contingent common shares liability ) ) Loss on settlement of redeemable preferred stock Interest expense, net Interest expense on redeemable preferred stock Other expense (income), net ) (Loss) income before taxes ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. ) ) ) Loss per share of Class A common stock: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate cap ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Non-Controlling Interests Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) Retrospective application of reverse recapitalization ) Adjusted balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) Non-cash share-based compensation Cumulative impact of ASC 842 adoption ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Distribution to non-controlling interest holders ) ) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net proceeds received from FAII in Business Combination Shares issued through PIPE investment Shares issued to Wilco Holdco Series A Preferred stockholders Warrant liability recognized upon the closing of the Business Combination ) ) Contingent common shares liability recognized upon the closing of the Business Combination ) ) Vesting of restricted shares distributed to holders of ICUs Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock awards Tax withholdings related to net share settlement of restricted stock awards ) ) ) Non-cash share-based compensation Other comprehensive income Distribution to non-controlling interest holders ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of 2022 Warrants Vesting of restricted shares distributed to holders of ICUs 
 Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units and awards Tax withholdings related to net share settlement of restricted stock units and awards ) ) ) Non-cash share-based compensation Other comprehensive income Distribution to non-controlling interest holders ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges Depreciation and amortization Provision for doubtful accounts Deferred income tax provision ) ) Amortization of right-of-use assets Non-cash share-based compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount Non-cash interest expense Non-cash interest expense on redeemable preferred stock Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss on settlement of redeemable preferred stock Loss (gain) on disposal and impairment of assets ) Loss on lease terminations Change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) Change in fair value of contingent common shares liability ) ) Changes in: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other non-current assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other non-current liabilities Medicare Accelerated and Advance Payment Program Funds ) ) Transaction-related amount due to former owners ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) ) Investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of intangible assets ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Proceeds from sale of clinics Proceeds from sale of Home Health service line Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Payment of holdback liabilities related to acquisitions ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 

97 

Table of Contents 

 Financing activities: Proceeds from long-term debt Deferred financing costs ) ) Original issue discount ) Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of Series A Senior Preferred Stock Proceeds from issuance of 2022 Warrants Proceeds from revolving line of credit Payments on revolving line of credit ) Cash inflow from Business Combination Payments to Series A Preferred stockholders ) Proceeds from shares issued through PIPE investment Equity issuance costs and original issue discount ) ) Payment of contingent consideration liabilities ) Taxes paid on behalf of employees for shares withheld ) ) Distribution to non-controlling interest holders ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Changes in cash and cash equivalents: Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental noncash disclosures: Derivative changes in fair value ) ) Purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable Warrant liability recognized upon the closing of the Business Combination ) Contingent common shares liability recognized upon the closing of the Business Combination ) Shares issued to Wilco Holdco Series A Preferred stockholders Other supplemental disclosures: Cash paid for interest Cash received from hedging activities Cash paid for (received from) taxes ) 
 The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

Note 1. 
 clinics (as well as clinics under management service agreements) located in states. The Company offers a variety of services within its clinics, including physical therapy to treat spine, shoulder, knee and neck injuries or pain; work injury rehabilitation services, including work conditioning and work hardening; hand therapy; and other specialized treatment services. The Company s direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries include, but are not limited to, Wilco Holdco, Inc., ATI Holdings Acquisition, Inc. and ATI Holdings, LLC. 
 On June 16, 2021 (the Closing Date ), a Business Combination transaction (the Business Combination was finalized pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Merger Agreement"), dated February 21, 2021 between the operating company, Wilco Holdco, Inc. Wilco Holdco ), and Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. II (herein referred to as "FAII" and "FVAC"), a special purpose acquisition company. In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company changed its name from Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. II to ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol ATIP. 
 The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). Under this method of accounting, FAII is treated as the acquired company and Wilco Holdco is treated as the acquirer for financial statement reporting and accounting purposes. As a result, the historical operations of Wilco Holdco are deemed to be those of the Company. Therefore, the financial statements included in this report reflect (i) the historical operating results of Wilco Holdco prior to the Business Combination; (ii) the combined results of FAII and Wilco Holdco following the Business Combination on June 16, 2021; (iii) the assets and liabilities of Wilco Holdco at their historical cost; and (iv) the Company s equity structure for all periods presented. The recapitalization of the number of shares of common stock attributable to the Business Combination is reflected retroactively to the earliest period presented and will be utilized for calculating earnings per share in all prior periods presented. No step-up basis of intangible assets or goodwill was recorded in the Business Combination consistent with the treatment of the transaction as a reverse recapitalization of Wilco Holdco, Inc. Refer to Note 3 - Business Combinations and Divestitures for additional information. 
 Impact of COVID-19 and CARES Act 
 The coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic in the United States resulted in changes to our operating environment. We continue to closely monitor the impact of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business, and our priorities remain protecting the health and safety of employees and patients, maximizing the availability of services to satisfy patient needs and improving the operational and financial stability of our business. While we expect the disruption caused by COVID-19 and resulting impacts to diminish over time, we cannot predict the length of such impacts, and if such impacts continue for an extended period, it could have a continued effect on the Company s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, which could be material. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 million of general distribution payments under the Provider Relief Fund. These payments have been recognized in other expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of operations throughout 2020 in a manner commensurate with the reporting and eligibility requirements issued by the U.S. Department of Health Human Services ("HHS"). Based on the terms and conditions of the program, including reporting guidance issued by HHS in 2021, the Company believes that it has met the applicable terms and conditions. This includes, but is not limited to, the fact that the Company s COVID-19 related expenses and lost revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020 exceeded the amount of funds received. To the extent that reporting requirements and terms and conditions are subsequently modified, it may affect the Company s ability to comply and ability to retain the funds. 
 The Company applied for and obtained approval to receive million of Medicare Accelerated and Advance Payment Program ("MAAPP") funds during the quarter ended June 30, 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company applied million and million in MAAPP funds against the outstanding liability, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company transferred million in MAAPP funds as part of the divestiture of its Home Health Service line. During the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company met the required performance obligations and performed the remaining services related to the MAAPP funds. Therefore, the remaining funds were applied and repaid during the quarter ended September 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and million of the funds are recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively. 
 The Company elected to defer depositing the employer portion of Social Security taxes for payments due from March 27, 2020 through December 31, 2020, interest-free and penalty-free. The Company repaid the remaining deferred payments during the fourth quarter of 2022. Related to these payments, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and million is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively. 
 
 Note 2. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 million of minimum liquidity, as defined in the agreement, at each test date through the first quarter of 2024. Additionally, beginning in the second quarter of 2024, the Company must maintain a Secured Net Leverage Ratio, as defined in the agreement, not to exceed :1.00. The net leverage ratio covenant decreases in the third quarter of 2024 to :1.00 and further decreases in the first quarter of 2025 to :1.00, which level remains applicable through maturity. The financial covenants are tested as of each fiscal quarter end for the respective periods. Failure to comply with these covenants and restrictions would result in an event of default, subject to customary cure periods. 
 In addition, the 2022 Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, reporting and other affirmative covenants and negative covenants, including requirements related to the delivery of independent audit reports without certain going concern qualifications, limitations on indebtedness, liens, investments, negative pledges, dividends, junior debt payments, fundamental changes and asset sales and affiliate transactions. Failure to comply with the 2022 Credit Facility covenants and restrictions, including the provision related to certain going concern qualifications for any fiscal year, including the year ended December 31, 2022, could result in an event of default under the 2022 Credit Facility, subject to customary cure periods. In such an event, all amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Facility, together with any accrued interest, could then be declared immediately due and payable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million in cash and cash equivalents and available capacity under its 2022 revolving credit facility. As measured based on the definitions in the Company s 2022 Credit Agreement, liquidity was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has negative operating cash flows, operating losses and net losses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had cash flow used in operating activities of million, operating loss of million and net loss of million. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million. These results are, in part, due to trends experienced by the Company including a tight labor market for available physical therapy and other healthcare providers in the workforce, visit volume softness, decreases in rate per visit and increases in interest costs. Based on current liquidity and projected cash use, the Company anticipates violation of its million minimum liquidity covenant under its 2022 Credit Agreement within the next twelve months. As a result of the above factors, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within twelve months following the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Improving operating results and cash flow is dependent upon the Company s ability to achieve its business plan to increase clinical staffing levels and clinician productivity, control costs and capital expenditures, increase patient visit volumes and referrals and stabilize rate per visit. However, there can be no assurance that it will be successful in any of these respects. 
 If the Company does not complete the Transaction as contemplated by the TSA or otherwise access additional financing, the Company will need to consider other alternatives, including pursuing separate amendments to or waivers of the minimum liquidity covenant, the requirement to deliver audited financial statements without certain going concern qualifications, and other requirements under the 2022 Credit Agreement, as well as raising funds from other sources, obtaining alternate financing, disposal of assets, or pursuing other strategic alternatives to improve its liquidity position and business results. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in completing the Transaction or accessing such alternative options or financing when needed. Failure to do so could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may lead to events including bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 102 

Table of Contents 

 million in the form of new second lien PIK exchangeable notes Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes ), (ii) exchange of million of the aggregate principal amount of the term loans under the 2022 Credit Facility held by certain of the Preferred Equityholders for Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes, (iii) a reduction of the thresholds applicable to the minimum liquidity financial covenant under the 2022 Credit Agreement for certain periods, (iv) a waiver of the requirement to comply with the Secured Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant under the 2022 Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 and a modification of the levels and certain component definitions applicable thereto in the fiscal quarters ending after December 31, 2024, (v) waiver of the requirement for the Company to deliver audited financial statements without certain going concern qualifications for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2024, (vi) an increase in the interest rate payable on the existing term loans and revolving loans until the achievement of a specified financial metric and (vii) board representation and observer rights, and other changes to the governance of the Company. The Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes would be exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock of the Company at a fixed price of , and the holders thereof would have the right to vote on corporate matters on an as-exchanged basis. The TSA contains certain representations, warranties and other agreements by the Company and Parties. In accordance with the TSA, the First Lien Lenders agreed that, prior to the Outside Closing Date, they will forbear in the exercise of any rights, remedies, powers, privileges and defenses under the 2022 Credit Agreement arising on account of an alleged default or event of default (if any) resulting from the going concern explanatory paragraph in the independent auditors' report accompanying the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Credit Agreement Forbearance"). The Parties' obligations under the TSA are, and the closing of the Transaction is, subject to various customary terms and conditions set forth therein, including the execution and delivery of definitive documentation and approval by the Company's stockholders. 
 There is no assurance that the transactions contemplated by the TSA will be consummated on the terms as described above, on a timely basis or at all. 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business within twelve months after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, total assets of RSFH were million and million, respectively, and total liabilities were million and million, respectively. In general, the assets are available primarily for the settlement of obligations of RSFH. 
 operating segment and therefore we have reportable segment. 
 million. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

105 

Table of Contents 

- years 
 Furniture fixtures - years 
 Automobiles - years 
 Software - years 
 Buildings years 
 Leasehold improvements Lesser of lease term or estimated useful lives of the assets (generally - years) 
 
 Major repairs that extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized to the property and equipment account. Routine maintenance and repairs are charged to rent, clinic supplies, contract labor and other expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. Gains or losses associated with property and equipment retired or sold are included in earnings. 
 Computer software is included in property and equipment and consists of purchased software and internally developed software. The Company capitalizes application-stage development costs for significant internally developed software projects. Once the software is ready for its intended use, these costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the software s estimated useful life. Costs recognized in the preliminary project phase and the post-implementation phase, as well as maintenance and training costs, are expensed as incurred. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 - years 
 Other intangible assets years 
 
 Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but must be reviewed at least annually for impairment. If the impairment test indicates that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then a goodwill impairment loss should be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in an amount equal to the excess carrying value over fair value. If the impairment test indicates that the carrying value of an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, then an impairment loss should be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in an amount equal to the excess carrying value over fair value. Fair value is determined using valuation techniques based on estimates, judgments and assumptions the Company believes are appropriate in the circumstances. The Company completed the interim and annual impairment analyses of goodwill as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022, October 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 by estimating its fair value using an average of a discounted cash flow analysis and comparable public company analysis. The key assumptions associated with determining the estimated fair value include projected revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins, the terminal growth rate, the discount rate and relevant market multiples. The Company completed the interim and annual impairment analyses of the indefinite-lived intangible asset as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022, October 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 by estimating its fair value using the relief from royalty method. The key assumptions associated with determining the estimated fair value include projected revenue growth rates, the royalty rate, the discount rate and the terminal growth rate. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

The Company recognized amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recognized amortization of original debt issuance discounts of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 109 

Table of Contents 

Advertising costs included in cost of services were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Advertising costs included in selling, general and administrative expenses were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 111 

Table of Contents 

 million; 
 
 (2) operating lease liabilities of million; 
 
 (3) the cumulative effect adjustment to increase the opening balance of the accumulated deficit by million; 
 
 Adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows. Refer to Note 17 - Leases for more information about the Company s lease related obligations. 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting , which provides optional guidance for a limited period of time to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. This standard was subsequently amended by ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope , and by ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 . This standard is optional and may be applied by entities after March 12, 2020, but no later than December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a derivative instrument for which the interest rate is indexed to the London InterBank Offered Rate LIBOR ). During the period ended March 31, 2022, the Company modified the reference rate index on its hedged items, which are future variable-rate cash payments, from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). The Company elected to apply the hedge accounting expedients related to probability and the assessments of effectiveness for future cash flows to assume that the index upon which future hedged transactions will be based matches the index on the corresponding derivative, which is LIBOR. The guidance allows for different expedient elections to be made at different points in time. As of December 31, 2022, the Company continues to apply the hedge accounting expedients and does not anticipate that this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements, however, the Company will continue to assess the potential impact on its future hedging relationships and expedient elections, as applicable. 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Liabilities from Contracts with Customers , which provides guidance to improve the accounting for acquired revenue contracts with customers in a business combination by addressing diversity in practice. This ASU is effective for the Company on January 1, 2023, with early adoption permitted, and shall be applied on a prospective basis to business combinations that occur on or after the adoption date. The Company adopted this new accounting standard effective January 1, 2023. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 million shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), for the outstanding shares of Wilco Holdco common stock, par value per share, that such stockholders owned. Upon distribution of shares of Common Stock to holders of vested and unvested Incentive Common Units ICUs granted prior to the Business Combination under the Wilco Acquisition, LP 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, million of these shares were restricted subject to vesting requirements, resulting in total unrestricted shares of million and an exchange ratio of unrestricted shares of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. for every previously outstanding Wilco Holdco share. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 million shares issued and million outstanding shares of common stock of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc., consisting of the following (in thousands): 
 Class A Common Shares FAII Class A common stock prior to Business Combination FAII Class F common stock prior to Business Combination (1) 
 Less: FAII Class A common stock redemptions ) FAII common shares (Class A and Class F) Add: Shares issued to Wilco Holdco stockholders (2, 3) 
 Add: Shares issued through PIPE investment Add: Shares issued to Wilco Holdco Series A Preferred stockholders Total shares issued as of the Closing Date of the Business Combination (4) 
 Less: Vesting Shares (1) 
 ) Less: Restricted shares (3) 
 ) Total shares outstanding as of the Closing Date of the Business Combination (4) 
 
 (1) Per the Merger Agreement, as of the closing of the Business Combination, all Class F shares converted into the equivalent number of Class A common shares and became subject to certain vesting and forfeiture provisions ("Vesting Shares") as detailed in Note 14 - Contingent Common Shares Liability . 
 (2) Includes million unrestricted shares upon distribution to holders of vested ICUs under the Wilco Acquisition, LP 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. Refer to Note 10 - Share-Based Compensation for further details. 
 (3) Includes million restricted shares upon distribution to holders of unvested ICUs under the Wilco Acquisition, LP 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. Refer to Note 10 - Share-Based Compensation for further details. 
 (4 Excludes million Earnout Shares, million Public Warrants and million Private Placement Warrants to purchase Class A common stock. Refer to Note 13 - IPO Warrant Liability and Note 14 - Contingent Common Shares Liability for further details. 
 PIPE investment 
 Concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination, pursuant to Subscription Agreements executed between FAII and certain investors, million shares of Class A common stock (the PIPE investment) were newly issued in a private placement at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of million. The initial PIPE investment included million shares of Class A common stock newly issued to certain investment funds managed by affiliates of Fortress Investment Group LLC Fortress at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 Wilco Holdco Series A Preferred Stock 
 Immediately following the Business Combination, all holders of the previously outstanding shares of Wilco Holdco Series A Preferred Stock received a proportionate share of million and million shares of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. Class A common stock based on the terms of the Merger Agreement. Refer to Note 12 - Wilco Holdco Redeemable Preferred Stock for further details. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of Class A common stock that may be issued pursuant to an earnout arrangement if certain Class A common stock price targets are achieved between the Closing Date and the year anniversary of the Closing Date Earnout Shares ). The Earnout Shares are subject to acceleration in the event of a sale or other change in control if the holders of Class A common stock would receive a per share price in excess of the applicable Earnout Shares price target. 
 Refer to Note 14 - Contingent Common Shares Liability and Note 15 - Fair Value Measurements for further details. 
 Vesting Shares 
 Pursuant to the Sponsor Letter Agreement executed in connection with the Merger Agreement, million shares of Class F common stock of FAII outstanding immediately prior to the Business Combination converted to potential Class A common shares and became subject to certain vesting and forfeiture provisions Vesting Shares ). The Vesting Shares are subject to acceleration in the event of a sale or other change in control if the holders of Class A common stock would receive a per share price in excess of the applicable Vesting Shares price target. 
 Refer to Note 14 - Contingent Common Shares Liability and Note 15 - Fair Value Measurements for further details. 
 IPO Warrants 
 Immediately following the Business Combination, the Company had outstanding Public Warrants to purchase an aggregate of million shares of the Company s Class A common stock ("Public Warrants") and outstanding Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of million shares of the Company's Class A common stock ("Private Placement Warrants") (collectively, the IPO Warrants ). In conjunction with the B usiness Combination , million Private Placement Warrants were transferred and surrendered for no consideration based on terms of the Sponsor Letter Agreement. 
 Refer to Note 13 - IPO Warrant Liability and Note 15 - Fair Value Measurements for further details. 
 Cash used for redemptions of FAII Class A common stock ) FAII transaction costs paid at closing 
 ) Cash inflow from Business Combination Wilco Holdco, Inc. transaction costs offset against proceeds 
 ) Net proceeds from FAII in Business Combination Cash proceeds from PIPE investment Repayment of second lien subordinated loan ) Partial repayment of 2016 first lien term loan ) Cash payment to Wilco Holdco Series A Preferred stockholders ) Wilco Holdco, Inc. transaction costs expensed during 2021 
 ) Net decrease in cash related to Business Combination, PIPE investment and debt repayments ) 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 million in transaction costs related to the Business Combination, which were classified as selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, million of Wilco Holdco, Inc. transaction costs related to the Business Combination were offset against additional paid-in capital in the consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity as these costs were determined to be directly attributable to the recapitalization. 
 Home Health divestiture 
 On October 1, 2021, the Company divested its Home Health service line for a sale price of million, and the Company recognized a gain of million in other expense (income), net in its consolidated statements of operations. The major classes of assets and liabilities associated with the Home Health service line consisted predominantly of accounts receivable, accrued expenses and other liabilities which were not material. 
 2021 acquisitions 
 During 2021, the Company completed acquisitions consisting of total clinics. The Company paid approximately million in cash and million in future payment consideration, subject to certain time or performance conditions set out in the purchase agreements, to complete the acquisitions. The acquisitions qualified for purchase accounting treatment under ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations, whereby the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values on the respective acquisition dates. Of the total amount of consideration, million was allocated to goodwill based on management's valuations, which were preliminary and subject to completion of the Company's valuation analysis through the 12 month measurement period. Management finalized its valuation analysis as of March 31, 2022, and valuation adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were not material. Goodwill represents the future economic benefits arising from the other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized, such as assembled workforce, synergies, and location. The entire amount of goodwill recorded from these purchases will be deductible for income tax purposes. Acquisition-related costs to complete the transactions, net revenue and net income recognized in 2021 related to the acquisitions were not material, individually and in the aggregate. Unaudited proforma consolidated financial information for the acquisitions have not been included as the results are not material, individually and in the aggregate. 
 2022 clinics held for sale 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company classified the assets and liabilities of certain clinics as held for sale as a result of the Company's decision to sell the clinics. The divestiture transactions are anticipated to be completed within twelve months. The clinics did not meet the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Prepaid expenses Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill, net Other non-current assets Total assets held for sale Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities held for sale 
 
 Note 4. 
 ATI Worksite Solutions (1) 
 Management Service Agreements (1) 
 Other revenue (1) 
 
 (1) ATI Worksite Solutions, Management Service Agreements and Other revenue are included within other revenue on the face of the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The following table disaggregates net patient revenue for each associated payor class as a percentage of total net patient revenue for the periods indicated below: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Commercial Government Workers compensation Other (1) 

117 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5. 
 reporting unit for purposes of the Company s goodwill impairment test, which is completed as of October 1. The Company concluded that no goodwill impairment existed at the time of the annual impairment test performed for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. For the annual impairment tests performed in 2022 and 2021, no impairments existed as of October 1 since impairments were recorded on September 30. The Company noted separate interim triggering events during 2022 and 2021 which resulted in the recording of impairment losses. 
 As the carrying amounts of the Company's goodwill and trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset were impaired during 2022 and 2021, those amounts are more susceptible to an impairment risk if there are unfavorable changes in assumptions and estimates. If the estimated cash flows decrease or market factors change, impairment charges may need to be recorded in the future. Factors that could result in the cash flows being lower than the current estimates include decreased revenue caused by unforeseen changes in the healthcare market or the Company's business, or the inability to achieve the estimated operating margins in the forecasts due to unforeseen factors. Additionally, changes in the broader economic environments could cause changes to the estimated discount rates and comparable company valuation indicators which may impact the estimated fair values. 
 Impairment charges ) Acquisitions (2) 
 ) Held for sale reclassifications (3) 
 ) Goodwill at December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Net of accumulated impairment losses of million. 
 (2) Represents final valuation adjustments related to 2021 acquisitions. Refer to Note 3 - Business Combinations and Divestitures for additional information. 
 (3) Goodwill reclassified to assets held for sale is related to clinics held for sale as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 3 - Business Combinations and Divestitures for additional information. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Non-compete agreements Other intangible assets Accumulated amortization: Accumulated amortization non-compete agreements ) ) Accumulated amortization other intangible assets ) ) Total trade name and other intangible assets, net 
 (1) Not subject to amortization. The Company recorded million of impairment charges related to the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was immaterial. The Company estimates that amortization expense related to intangible assets is expected to be immaterial over the next five fiscal years and thereafter. 
 Interim impairment testing during 2021 
 During the quarters ended June 30, 2021 and September 30, 2021, the Company identified interim triggering events. In late July 2021, the Company revised its earnings forecast to reflect (i) the impact of clinician attrition on both volume and operating cost expectations and (ii) payor, state and service mix shift impacts on net patient revenue per visit expectations. These factors accelerated in the second quarter and continued into the third quarter. In October 2021, the Company further revised its forecast to reflect lower than expected patient visit volume. The Company determined that the combination of these factors constituted interim triggering events that required further analysis with respect to potential impairment to goodwill, trade name indefinite-lived intangible and other assets. 
 As it was determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset was below its carrying value, the Company performed an interim quantitative impairment test as of the June 30, 2021 and September 30, 2021 balance sheet dates. The Company utilized the relief from royalty method to estimate the fair value of the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset. The key assumptions associated with determining the estimated fair value include projected revenue growth rates, the royalty rate, the discount rate and the terminal growth rate. As a result of the analyses, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million in non-cash interim impairments in the line item goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges in its consolidated statements of operations, which represented the difference between the estimated fair value of the Company s trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset and its carrying value. 
 The Company evaluated its asset groups, including operating lease right-of-use assets that were evaluated based on clinic-level cash flows and clinic-specific market factors, noting no material impairment. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 million in non-cash interim impairments in the line item goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges in its consolidated statements of operations, which represented the difference between the estimated fair value of the Company s single reporting unit and its carrying value. 
 Interim impairment testing during 2022 
 During the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the Company identified interim triggering events as a result of factors including potential changes in discount rates and decreases in share price. The Company determined that the combination of these factors constituted interim triggering events that required further analysis with respect to potential impairment to goodwill, trade name indefinite-lived intangible and other assets. 
 As it was determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset was below its carrying value, the Company performed an interim quantitative impairment test as of the March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022 balance sheet dates. The Company utilized the relief from royalty method to estimate the fair value of the trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset. The key assumptions associated with determining the estimated fair value include projected revenue growth rates, the royalty rate, the discount rate and the terminal growth rate. As a result of the analyses, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million in non-cash interim impairments in the line item goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges in its consolidated statements of operations, which represents the difference between the estimated fair value of the Company s trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset and its carrying value. 
 The Company evaluated its asset groups, including its operating lease right-of-use assets and leasehold improvement assets that were evaluated based on location-specific cash flows and market factors, noting no material impairment. 
 As it was determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit was below its carrying value, the Company performed an interim quantitative impairment test. In order to determine the fair value of our single reporting unit, the Company utilized an average of a discounted cash flow analysis and comparable public company analysis. The key assumptions associated with determining the estimated fair value include projected revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins, the terminal growth rate, the discount rate and relevant market multiples. As a result of the analyses, the Company recognized a million non-cash interim impairment in the line item goodwill, intangible and other asset impairment charges in its consolidated statements of operations, which represented the difference between the estimated fair value of the Company s single reporting unit and its carrying value. 
 The impairment in the fourth quarter included an out of period adjustment to reduce goodwill impairment charges of million, of which million relates to the year ended December 31, 2021. We evaluated the impact of this error on our previously issued financial statements, assessing both quantitatively and qualitatively, and concluded the error was not material to any of our prior period or the current period financial statements. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

Note 6. 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Automobiles 
 Computer equipment and software 
 Construction-in-progress 
 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net (1) 
 
 (1) Excludes million reclassified as held for sale as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 3 - Business Combinations and Divestitures for additional information. 
 Property and equipment includes internally developed computer software costs in the amount of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The related amortization expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense is recorded within rent, clinic supplies, contract labor and other and selling, general and administrative expenses within the consolidated statements of operations, depending on the use of the underlying fixed assets. The depreciation and amortization expense recorded in cost of services relates to revenue-generating assets, which primarily includes clinic leasehold improvements and therapy equipment. The depreciation and amortization expense included in selling, general and administrative expenses is related to infrastructure items, such as corporate leasehold improvements, computer equipment and software. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Total depreciation expense 

Note 7. 
 Credit balances due to patients and payors Accrued professional fees 
 Accrued contract labor Accrued occupancy costs 
 CARES Act funds (1) 
 Other payables and accrued expenses Total 
 
 (1) Includes current portion of MAAPP funds received and deferred employer Social Security tax payments. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8. 
 Revolving Loans (3) (due February 24, 2027) 
 2016 first lien term loan (4) 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 
 ) ) Less: unamortized original issue discount 
 ) ) Total debt, net 
 Less: current portion of long-term debt 
 ) Long-term debt, net 
 
 (1) Interest rate of at December 31, 2022, with interest payable in designated installments at a variable interest rate. The effective interest rate for the Senior Secured Term Loan was at December 31, 2022. 
 (2) During the third and fourth quarters of 2022, the Company elected to pay a portion of its interest in-kind on its Senior Secured Term Loan by capitalizing and adding such interest to the principal amount of the debt. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recognized paid in-kind interest in the amount of million. 
 (3) Interest rate of at December 31, 2022, with interest payable in designated installments at a variable interest rate. 
 (4) Loan balance was repaid in its entirety on February 24, 2022. The effective interest rate for the 2016 first lien term loan was at December 31, 2021. 
 2016 first and second lien credit agreements 
 In connection with the Business Combination on June 16, 2021, the Company paid down million of its 2016 first lien term loan. The Company recognized million in loss on debt extinguishment related to the derecognition of the proportionate amount of remaining unamortized deferred financing costs and unamortized original issue discount associated with the partial debt repayment. 
 In connection with the Business Combination on June 16, 2021, the Company paid million to settle its second lien subordinated term loan. The Company recognized million in loss on debt extinguishment related to the derecognition of the remaining unamortized deferred financing costs in conjunction with the debt repayment. 
 The total loss on debt extinguishment associated with the partial repayment of the first lien term loan and the settlement of the second lien subordinated term loan was million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This amount has been reflected in other expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 On February 24, 2022, the Company paid million to settle its existing term loan (the "2016 first lien term loan"). The Company accounted for the transaction as a debt extinguishment and recognized million in loss on debt extinguishment related to the derecognition of the remaining unamortized deferred financing costs and unamortized original issue discount in conjunction with the debt repayment. The loss on debt extinguishment associated with the repayment of the 2016 first lien term loan has been reflected in other expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 million credit facility (the "2022 Credit Facility") that is comprised of a million senior secured term loan (the "Senior Secured Term Loan") which was fully funded at closing and a million "super priority" senior secured revolver (the "Revolving Loans") with a million letter of credit sublimit. The 2022 Credit Facility refinanced and replaced the Company's prior credit facility for which Barclays Bank PLC served as administrative agent for a syndicate of lenders. 
 In connection with the 2022 Debt Refinancing, the Company also entered into a preferred stock purchase agreement, consisting of senior preferred stock with detachable warrants to purchase common stock for an aggregate stated value of million (collectively, the Preferred Stock Financing ). See Note 11 - Mezzanine and Stockholders' Equity for further information regarding the Preferred Stock Financing. 
 The Company capitalized debt issuance costs totaling million related to the 2022 Credit Facility as well as an original issue discount of million, which are amortized over the terms of the respective financing arrangements. 
 The Senior Secured Term Loan matures on February 24, 2028 and bears interest, at the Company's election, at a base interest rate of the Alternate Base Rate ("ABR"), as defined in the agreement, plus an applicable credit spread, or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, as defined in the agreement, plus an applicable credit spread. The credit spread is determined based on a pricing grid and the Company's Secured Net Leverage Ratio. The Company may elect to pay interest in-kind at a premium during the first year under the agreement. The Company elected to pay a portion of its interest in-kind during the third and fourth quarters of 2022. As of December 31, 2022, borrowings on the Senior Secured Term Loan bear interest at 1-month SOFR, subject to a floor, plus plus the paid-in-kind interest premium. 
 The Revolving Loans are subject to a maximum borrowing capacity of million and mature on February 24, 2027. Borrowings on the Revolving Loans bear interest, at the Company's election, at a base interest rate of the ABR, as defined in the agreement, plus an applicable credit spread, or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, as defined in the agreement, plus an applicable credit spread. The credit spread is determined based on a pricing grid and the Company's Secured Net Leverage Ratio. In December 2022, the Company drew million in Revolving Loans. As of December 31, 2022, million in Revolving Loans were outstanding and bearing interest at 1-month SOFR plus a credit spread of . 
 The Company capitalized issuance costs of million related to the Revolving Loans. Unamortized issuance costs of million related to the revolving loans under the 2016 credit agreement were added to the balance of unamortized issuance costs to be amortized over the term of the Revolving Loans pursuant to debt extinguishment accounting guidance. Commitment fees on the Revolving Loans are payable quarterly at per annum on the daily average undrawn portion for the quarter and are expensed as incurred. The balances of unamortized issuance costs related to the Revolving Loans and the revolving loans under the 2016 credit agreement, respectively, were million as of December 31, 2022, and million as of December 31, 2021. 
 The 2022 Credit Facility is guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries and is secured by substantially all of the assets of Holdings, the Borrower and the Borrower s wholly owned subsidiaries, including a pledge of the stock of the Borrower, in each case, subject to customary exceptions. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 million of minimum liquidity, as defined in the agreement, at each test date through the first quarter of 2024. Additionally, beginning in the second quarter of 2024, the Company must maintain a Secured Net Leverage Ratio, as defined in the agreement, not to exceed :1.00. The net leverage ratio covenant decreases in the third quarter of 2024 to :1.00 and further decreases in the first quarter of 2025 to :1.00, which remains applicable through maturity. The financial covenants are tested as of each fiscal quarter end for the respective periods. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has met its minimum liquidity financial covenant. 
 The 2022 Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, reporting and other affirmative covenants and negative covenants, including requirements related to the delivery of independent audit reports without certain going concern qualifications, limitations on indebtedness, liens, investments, negative pledges, dividends, junior debt payments, fundamental changes and asset sales and affiliate transactions. Failure to comply with the 2022 Credit Facility covenants and restrictions could result in an event of default under the 2022 Credit Facility, subject to customary cure periods. In such an event, all amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Facility, together with any accrued interest, could then be declared immediately due and payable. 
 Under the 2022 Credit Facility, the Company may be required to make certain mandatory prepayments upon the occurrence of certain events, including: an event of default, a Prepayment Asset Sale or receipt of Net Insurance Proceeds in excess of million, or excess cash flows exceeding certain thresholds. A Prepayment Asset Sale includes dispositions at fair market value, and Net Insurance Proceeds is generally defined as insurance proceeds received on a covered loss or as a result of assets taken under the power of eminent domain, net of costs related to the matter. 
 The Company had letters of credit totaling million and million under the letter of credit sub-facility on the revolving credit facilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The letters of credit auto-renew on an annual basis and are pledged to insurance carriers as collateral. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future maturities 
 Unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs 
 ) Total debt, net 

Note 9. 
 of their compensation, up to a maximum amount as limited by law. The Company makes matching contributions to the plan on behalf of the employee in the amount of of the first of the contributing participant s elective deferral contribution. Matching contributions to the plan were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Total 

Note 10. 
 post-closing, subject to the grantee's continued service through each vesting date. 
 Pursuant to the 2016 Plan, total share-based compensation expense related to service-based awards recognized in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, million shares distributed to holders of service-based ICUs vested, and forfeitures related to shares distributed to holders of service-based ICUs were immaterial. There were service-based awards granted under the 2016 Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 million Class A common shares, with unrecognized compensation expense of million to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Performance-based vesting 
 Prior to the Business Combination, Wilco Acquisition, LP granted Incentive Common Units, subject to performance-based vesting, to members of management, key employees and independent directors. Following the closing of the Business Combination, holders of performance-based ICUs were entitled to a distribution of a number of Class A common shares of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. based on the distribution priorities under the Wilco Acquisition, LP limited partnership agreement. The shares related to performance-based ICUs were distributed to holders as restricted Class A common shares of ATI eligible to vest in installments on each quarterly anniversary of the closing over the shorter of: (a) the period from the original grant date of the underlying ICUs, or (b) post-closing, subject to the grantee s continued service through each vesting date. 
 Based on the terms of the performance-based ICUs, the performance-based awards follow the treatment of an initial public offering ("IPO") as a result of the Business Combination and, therefore, converted to service-based vesting requirements. Prior to the Business Combination, no share-based compensation expense was recognized related to the performance-based awards, as a change-in-control or IPO cannot be assessed as probable prior to its occurrence. Following the closing of the Business Combination, the Company began recognizing share-based compensation expense associated with the performance-based awards. Recognition of such expense follows a straight-line expense allocation based on the original grant date and the shorter of (a) the period from the original grant date of the underlying ICUs, or (b) post-closing of the Business Combination. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, share-based compensation expense related to the performance-based awards was million and million, respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, million shares distributed to holders of performance-based ICUs vested, and million shares distributed to holders of performance-based ICUs were forfeited. There were performance-based awards granted under the 2016 Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the remaining unvested restricted shares distributed to holders of performance-based ICUs totaled million shares, with unrecognized compensation expense of million to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 ATI 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 The Company adopted the ATI Physical Therapy 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2021 Plan") under which it may grant equity interests of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc., in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units, to members of management, key employees and independent directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Compensation Committee is authorized to make grants and to make various other decisions under the 2021 Plan. The maximum number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan is approximately million. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million shares were available for future grant. 
 Stock options 
 The Company grants stock options to members of management, key employees and independent directors. Stock options typically vest in equal annual installments over a service period ranging from three to from the date of grant, depending on the terms of the agreement. All options have a maximum term of years from the date of grant and may be exercised for one share of Class A common stock. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. share-based compensation expense was recognized in the year ended December 31, 2020 related to stock options. 
 Granted N/A N/A Exercised N/A Forfeited/Cancelled ) N/A N/A Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 Expected to vest, December 31, 2022 
 
 The fair values of each stock option granted was determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. As the Company does not have sufficient historical share option exercise experience for such "plain-vanilla" awards, the expected option term was determined using the simplified method, which is the average of the option's vesting and contractual term. Volatility is measured using the historical volatility of certain comparable public companies, using daily log-returns of stock prices, as adjusted for the impact of financial leverage. The risk-free interest rate reflects the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. 
 stock options were granted under the 2021 Plan during the year ended December 31, 2020: 
 2022 2021 Weighted-average grant-date fair value of options Risk-free interest rate Term (years) Volatility Expected dividend 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options was million, to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted stock units 
 The Company grants restricted stock units RSUs to members of management, key employees and independent directors. RSUs are time-based vesting awards and are subject to the continued service of the employee or non-employee director over the vesting period. RSUs typically vest in equal annual installments over one to from the date of grant, based on the terms of the agreement. The fair value of RSUs was based on the price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. share-based compensation expense was recognized in the year ended December 31, 2020 related to RSUs. 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding and unvested, end of year 
 (1) The vesting start date for certain RSUs granted in 2022 is the Closing Date 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted approximately million RSUs with a weighted-average grant date fair value of . RSUs were granted or outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the fair value of vested RSUs was million and RSUs vested in 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation expense related to RSUs was million, to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted stock awards 
 The Company grants restricted stock awards RSAs to members of management and key employees. RSAs are time-based vesting awards and are subject to the continued service of the employee over the vesting period. RSAs typically vest in equal quarterly installments over a service period of from the grant date. The vesting start date for the RSAs granted in 2021 is the Closing Date. The fair value of restricted stock was based on the price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 
 Pursuant to the 2021 Plan, total share-based compensation expense related to RSAs recognized in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. share-based compensation expense was recognized in the year ended December 31, 2020 related to RSAs. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding and unvested, end of year 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 million RSAs with a weighted-average grant date fair value of . RSAs were granted or outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of vested RSAs was million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation expense related to RSAs was million, to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Note 11. 
 shares of non-convertible preferred stock (the "Series A Senior Preferred Stock") plus million warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of per share (the "Series I Warrants") and warrants to purchase million shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price equal to per share (the "Series II Warrants"). The shares of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock have a par value of per share and an initial stated value of per share, for an aggregate initial stated value of million. The Company is authorized to issue million shares of preferred stock per the Certificate of Designation. As of December 31, 2022, there was million shares of Series A Senior Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 
 The gross proceeds received from the issuance of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock and the Series I and Series II Warrants were million, which was allocated among the instruments based on the relative fair values of each instrument. Of the gross proceeds, million was allocated to the Series A Senior Preferred Stock, million to the Series I Warrants and million to the Series II Warrants. The resulting discount on the Series A Senior Preferred Stock will be recognized as a deemed dividend when those shares are subsequently remeasured upon becoming redeemable or probable of becoming redeemable. The Company recognized million in issuance costs and million of original issue discount related to the Series A Senior Preferred Stock. 
 Less: original issue discount ) Less: issuance costs ) Net proceeds received from issuance of Series A Senior Preferred Stock 
 The Series A Senior Preferred Stock has priority over the Company's Class A common stock and all other junior equity securities of the Company, and is junior to the Company's existing or future indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables), with respect to payment of dividends, distribution of assets, and all other liquidation, winding up, dissolution, dividend and redemption rights. 
 The Series A Senior Preferred Stock carries an initial dividend rate of per annum (the "Base Dividend Rate"), payable quarterly in arrears. Dividends will be paid in-kind and added to the stated value of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock. The Company may elect to pay dividends on the Series A Senior Preferred Stock in cash beginning on the third anniversary of the Refinancing Date and, with respect to any such dividends paid in cash, the dividend rate then in effect will be decreased by . 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 per annum on the first day following the fifth anniversary of the Refinancing Date and on each one-year anniversary thereafter, and per annum upon the occurrence of either an Event of Noncompliance (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) or a failure by the Company to redeem in full all Series A Senior Preferred Stock upon a Mandatory Redemption Event, which includes a change of control, liquidation, bankruptcy or certain restructurings. The paid in-kind dividends related to the Series A Preferred Stock were million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the accumulated paid in-kind dividends related to the Series A Preferred Stock were million and the aggregate stated value was million. 
 Accumulated paid in-kind dividends as of December 31, 2022 
 Aggregate stated value as of December 31, 2022 
 Preferred shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Stated value per share as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The Company has the right to redeem the Series A Senior Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time (subject to certain limitations on partial redemptions). The Redemption Price for each share of Series A Senior Preferred Stock is equal to the stated value subject to certain price adjustments depending on when such optional redemption takes place, if at all. 
 The Series A Senior Preferred Stock is perpetual and is not mandatorily redeemable at the option of the holders, except upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event. Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event, to the extent not prohibited by law, the Company is required to redeem all Series A Senior Preferred Stock, in cash, at a price per share equal to the then applicable Redemption Price. Because the Series A Senior Preferred Stock is mandatorily redeemable contingent on certain events outside the Company s control, such as a change in control, the Series A Senior Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Based on the Company s assessment of the conditions which would trigger the redemption of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock, the Company has determined that the Series A Senior Preferred Stock is neither currently redeemable nor probable of becoming redeemable. Because the Series A Senior Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity and is not considered redeemable or probable of becoming redeemable, the paid in-kind dividends that are added to the stated value do not impact the carrying value of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Should the Series A Senior Preferred Stock become probable of becoming redeemable, the Company will recognize changes in the redemption value of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount accordingly at the end of each reporting period. As of December 31, 2022, the redemption value of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock was million, which is the stated value. 
 If an Event of Noncompliance occurs, then the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Senior Preferred Stock (the Majority Holders have the right to demand that the Company engage in a sale/refinancing process to consummate a Forced Transaction. A Forced Transaction includes a refinancing of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock or a sale of the Company. Upon consummation of any Forced Transaction, to the extent not prohibited by law, the Company is required to redeem all Series A Senior Preferred Stock, in cash, at a price per share equal to the then applicable Redemption Price. 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 director to serve on the Company s board of directors until such time after the Refinancing Date that (i) as of any applicable fiscal quarter end, the Company s trailing 12-month Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) exceeds million, or (ii) the Lead Purchaser ceases to hold at least of the Series A Senior Preferred Stock held by it as of the Refinancing Date. 
 2022 Warrants 
 In connection with the Preferred Stock Financing, the Company agreed to issue to the preferred stockholders the Series I Warrants entitling the holders thereof to purchase million shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price equal to per share, exercisable for years from the Refinancing Date; and the Series II Warrants entitling holders thereof to purchase million shares of the Company's common stock, at an exercise price equal to per share, exercisable for years from the Refinancing Date (collectively, the "2022 Warrants"). Such number of shares of common stock purchasable pursuant to the 2022 Warrant Agreement (the "2022 Warrant Shares") and related exercise prices may be adjusted from time to time under certain scenarios as set forth in the 2022 Warrant Agreement, which relate to potential changes in the Company's capital structure. 
 The 2022 Warrants are classified as equity instruments and were initially recorded at an amount equal to the proceeds received from the Preferred Stock Financing allocated among the Series A Senior Preferred Stock, the Series I Warrants, and the Series II Warrants based upon their relative fair values. Of the gross proceeds, million was allocated to the Series I Warrants and million was allocated to the Series II Warrants. The Company recognized total issuance costs and original issue discount of approximately million and million related to the Series I Warrants and Series II Warrants, respectively. 
 Less: original issue discount ) ) ) Less: issuance costs ) ) ) Net proceeds received from issuance of 2022 Warrants 
 Class A common stock 
 The Company is authorized to issue million shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share on each matter on which they are entitled to vote. At December 31, 2022, there were million shares of Class A common stock issued and million shares outstanding. 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share, for the outstanding shares of Wilco Holdco common stock, par value per share, that such stockholders owned. Upon distribution of shares to holders of unvested Incentive Common Units granted prior to the Business Combination under the Wilco Acquisition, LP 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, million of these shares were restricted subject to vesting requirements, resulting in total unrestricted shares of million and an exchange ratio of unrestricted shares of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. for every previously outstanding Wilco Holdco share. 
 2021 Plan share-based awards outstanding Earnout Shares reserved 2022 Warrants outstanding IPO Warrants outstanding Vesting Shares reserved (1) 
 Restricted shares (1,2) 
 Total shares of common stock reserved 
 (1) Represents shares of Class A common stock legally issued, but not outstanding, as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Represents a portion of the million restricted shares distributed following the Business Combination to holders of unvested Incentive Common Units under the Wilco Acquisition, LP 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 Treasury stock 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company net settled million shares of its Class A common stock related to employee tax withholding obligations associated with the Company's share-based compensation program. These shares are reflected at cost as treasury stock in the consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares of treasury stock totaling million recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Note 12. 
 million. Prior to the Business Combination, the Wilco Holdco preferred stock was a class of equity that had priority over the Common Stock with respect to distribution rights, liquidation rights and dividend rights. 
 The Wilco Holdco preferred stockholders, from and after issuance, were entitled to cumulative preferred dividends at an annual rate per share equal to of the original issue price. The dividend rate of the Wilco Holdco preferred stock increased by at the end of each fiscal quarter beginning after the second anniversary of the issuance of the Wilco Holdco preferred stock. 
 Based on the terms of the Wilco Holdco preferred stockholder agreement, Wilco Holdco, Inc. was required to redeem all outstanding shares of preferred stock upon the occurrence of certain events, such as those related to full repayment of the 2016 first and second lien credit agreements or a deemed liquidating event. Based on these redemption requirements, the Wilco Holdco preferred stock was classified as debt (redeemable preferred stock) in the Company s historical consolidated balance sheets. 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. dividends were paid related to the preferred stock. 
 In connection with the Business Combination, holders of the outstanding shares of Wilco Holdco Series A Preferred Stock received a proportionate share of million and million shares of Class A common stock based on the settlement terms in the Merger Agreement. During 2021, the Company recorded a loss on settlement of redeemable preferred stock in the consolidated statements of operations of million based on the value of the cash and equity provided to preferred stockholders in relation to the outstanding redeemable preferred stock liability. As a result of the Business Combination, the balance of redeemable preferred stock was fully settled. 
 
 Note 13. 
 million shares of the Company s Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share and outstanding Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of million shares of the Company's Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share. There were no IPO Warrants exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 The Company accounts for its outstanding IPO Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity, and determined that the IPO Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder. As such, each IPO Warrant must be recorded as a liability and is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. Refer to Note 15 - Fair Value Measurements for further details. Changes in fair value are recognized in change in fair value of warrant liability in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 Changes in fair value (1) 
 ) ) Fair value, end of period 
 (1) The year ended December 31, 2021 represents changes in fair value from the Closing Date of the Business Combination, which is when the liabilities were established. 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in fair value (1) 
 ) ) Fair value, end of period 
 (1) The year ended December 31, 2021 represents changes in fair value from the Closing Date of the Business Combination, which is when the liabilities were established. 
 Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Public Warrants became exercisable days after the completion of the Business Combination, subject to certain conditions, including that the Company maintains an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption for cash or for Class A common stock under certain circumstances. 
 The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that (i) the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants were not transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of the Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions, (ii) the Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable (except under certain circumstances) so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or such purchasers permitted transferees, (iii) the Private Placement Warrants may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis, and (iv) the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants are entitled to registration rights. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial stockholders or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 The exercise price and number of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the IPO Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. 
 
 Note 14. 
 million shares of Class A common stock if, from the closing of the Business Combination until the th anniversary thereof, the dollar volume-weighted average price VWAP of Class A common stock exceeds certain thresholds: 
 The first issuance of million Earnout Shares will occur if the VWAP exceeds for any trading days within any consecutive trading day period. 
 The second issuance of million Earnout Shares will occur if the VWAP exceeds for any trading days within any consecutive trading day period. 
 The third issuance of million Earnout Shares will occur if the VWAP exceeds for any trading days within any consecutive trading day period. 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in fair value (1) 
 ) ) Fair value, end of period 
 (1) The year ended December 31, 2021 represents changes in fair value from the Closing Date of the Business Combination, which is when the liabilities were established. 
 Refer to Note 15 - Fair Value Measurements for further details. 
 Vesting Shares 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of the Sponsor Letter Agreement that was executed in connection with the Merger Agreement, million shares of Class F common stock of FAII outstanding immediately prior to the Business Combination converted to potential Class A common shares and became subject to vesting and forfeiture provisions. The Vesting Shares vest in equal tranches of million shares each if the VWAP of Class A common stock exceeds certain thresholds within years of the Closing Date: 
 The first issuance of million Vesting Shares will occur if the VWAP exceeds for any trading days within any consecutive trading day period. 
 The second issuance of million Vesting Shares will occur if the VWAP exceeds for any trading days within any consecutive trading day period. 
 The third issuance of million Vesting Shares will occur if the VWAP exceeds for any trading days within any consecutive trading day period. 
 The Vesting Shares are subject to acceleration in the event of a sale or other change in control if the holders of Class A common stock would receive a per share price in excess of the applicable Vesting Shares price target. 
 The Company accounts for the Vesting Shares as a liability in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. Changes in fair value are recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, no Vesting Shares are outstanding as none of the corresponding share price thresholds have been met. 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in fair value (1) 
 ) ) Fair value, end of period 
 (1) The year ended December 31, 2021 represents changes in fair value from the Closing Date of the Business Combination, which is when the liabilities were established. 
 Refer to Note 15 - Fair Value Measurements for further details. 
 
 Note 15. 
 million . 
 The Company's Senior Secured Term Loan and Revolving Loans are Level 2 fair value measures which have variable interest rates and, a s of December 31, 2022, the recorded amounts approximate fair value. The Company utilizes the market approach valuation technique based on interest rates and credit data that are currently available to the Company for issuance of debt with similar terms or maturities. 
 Fair value measurement of share-based financial liabilities 
 The Company determined the fair value of the Public Warrant liability using Level 1 inputs. 
 The Company determined the fair value of the Private Placement Warrant liability using the price of the Public Warrants as a Level 2 input. 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 based on the Company's current expectations related to the payment of dividends during the expected term of the Earnout Shares or Vesting Shares. 
 Volatility Dividend yield Expected term (years) Share price 
 Refer to Note 14 - Contingent Common Shares Liability for further details on the change in fair value of the Earnout Shares and Vesting Shares. 
 Fair value measurement of interest rate derivative instruments 
 The Company is exposed to interest rate variability with regard to its existing variable-rate debt instrument, which exposure primarily relates to movements in various interest rates, such as SOFR. The Company utilizes interest rate cap derivative instruments for purposes of hedging exposures related to such variable-rate cash payments. The Company's interest rate caps are designated as cash flow hedging instruments. 
 The Company records derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value, which represents the estimated amounts it would receive or pay upon termination of the derivative prior to the scheduled expiration date. The fair value is derived from model-driven information based on observable Level 2 inputs, such as LIBOR or SOFR forward rates. For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into interest expense in the same period(s) during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 Unrealized gain recognized in other comprehensive income before reclassifications Reclassification to interest expense, net ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 ) Unrealized gain recognized in other comprehensive income before reclassifications Reclassification to interest expense, net Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 
 Other non-current assets 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Other non-current liabilities 
 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 Note 16. 
 State Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total income tax (benefit) expense ) ) 
 The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and ) , respectively. The Company's effective income tax rate varies from the federal statutory rate due to various items, such as state income taxes, valuation allowances and nondeductible items such as interest expense on redeemable preferred stock, fair value adjustments related to liability-classified share-based instruments and impairment charges.) ) ) State income tax (benefit) expense, net of federal tax benefit ) ) ) Change in state tax rate ) Prior period adjustments and other ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) ) Interest expense on redeemable preferred stock ) ) Changes in fair value of warrant liability and contingent common shares liability ) ) Goodwill impairment charges ) ) Other permanent differences, net ) ) Total income tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for bad debt Operating lease liabilities Acquisition and transaction costs Net operating losses Interest expense Other deferred tax assets Total gross deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total gross deferred income tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred income tax liabilities: Goodwill Trade name/trademark Operating lease right-of-use assets Depreciation Other deferred tax liabilities Total gross deferred income tax liabilities Net deferred income tax liabilities 
 Deferred tax assets include federal net operating losses of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and state net operating losses of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deferred tax assets are expected to be used in the reduction of taxable earnings of future tax years unless it is determined they are not more likely than not to be realized based on the weight of available evidence. The earliest net operating loss will expire by statute in 2023 for state net operating losses, and in 2036 for federal net operating losses. 
 In evaluating the Company's ability to recover deferred income tax assets, all available positive and negative evidence is considered, including scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, operating results and forecasts of future taxable income in each of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a significant portion of its federal and state net operating loss carryforwards with definite and certain indefinite carryforward periods and certain deferred tax assets were not more likely than not to be realized based on the weight of available evidence. As a result, the Company recorded an increase of million to its valuation allowance related to federal net operating loss and interest expense carryforwards and an increase of million to its valuation allowance related to state net operating loss carryforwards and certain deferred tax assets. These amounts were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 in income tax (benefit) expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 million to its valuation allowance related to federal net operating loss carryforwards and an increase of million to its valuation allowance related to state net operating loss carryforwards and certain deferred tax assets. These amounts were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 in income tax (benefit) expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company reached the conclusion that it was more likely than not that the Company s federal and certain state deferred income tax assets were expected to be realized, and the Company maintained a valuation allowance mainly related to certain state net operating losses. 
 The Company is routinely audited by the tax authorities in various U.S. states and is currently not subject to examination. The statute remains open for most state jurisdictions for periods beginning in 2018. For federal tax purposes, tax years through 2018 are closed for examination by the Internal Revenue Service. Any interest and penalties related to the tax uncertainties are recorded in income tax (benefit) expense. 
 As reflected in the following table (in thousands), the Company had an uncertain tax position related to the tax treatment of tenant improvement allowances. Due to the Company's net operating loss position, there were no accrued interest and penalties related to the unrecognized tax benefits in any year. Our gross unrecognized tax benefits were reduced by million during the year ended December 31, 2021 due to tax filings. 
 Increases for positions taken during the year Decreases for positions taken in prior years ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Note 17. 
 and years, and typically contain options to renew for varying terms. Right-of-use ("ROU") assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The amortization of operating lease ROU assets and the accretion of operating lease liabilities are reported together as fixed lease expense. The fixed lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. If the ROU asset has been impaired, lease expense is no longer recognized on a straight-line basis. The lease liability continues to amortize using the effective interest method, while the ROU asset is subsequently amortized on a straight-line basis. Refer to Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for more information about the Company's lease accounting policies and ASC 842 adoption. 
 142 

Table of Contents 

Variable lease cost (2) 
 Total lease cost (3) 
 
 (1) Includes ROU asset impairment charges of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes short term lease costs, which are immaterial . 
 (3) Sublease income was immaterial . 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company terminated certain lease agreements primarily related to corporate facilities no longer in use. These terminations resulted in net charges of million, comprised of million in loss on lease terminations and million in other costs associated with the terminations. The charges are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. The Company paid approximately million related to these terminations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company modified the lease terms for a significant number of its real estate leases, primarily related to lease term extensions and renewals in the normal course of business. Modifications during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 resulted in an increase to the Company s operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities of approximately million and million, respectively. 
 Cash payments related to lease terminations Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted future cash flows Less: Imputed Interest ) Present value of future cash flows Presentation on Balance Sheet Current Non-current 
 (1) Excludes million of current portion of operating lease liabilities and million of operating lease liabilities, respectively, reclassified as held for sale as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 3 - Business Combinations and Divestitures for additional information. 
 
 Note 18. 
 million through December of 2024 subject to customary business terms and conditions. 
 From time to time, the Company is a party to legal proceedings, governmental audits and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Management is not aware of any legal proceedings, governmental audits and investigations of which the outcome is probable to have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. The outcome of any litigation and claims against the Company cannot be predicted with certainty, and the resolution of current or future claims could materially affect our future results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 million, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in its consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the liability has been fully settled. 
 Section 205 proceeding 
 On March 2, 2023, we filed a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery (the "Court of Chancery") pursuant to Section 205 of the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DGCL"), seeking validation of an amendment to our certificate of incorporation increasing the authorized shares of our Class A Common Stock (as further described below) and the shares issued pursuant thereto. 
 At a special meeting of the stockholders of the Company held on June 15, 2021 (the Special Meeting ), a majority of the then-outstanding shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class F Common Stock, voting together as a single class, voted to approve the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which, among other things, increased the authorized shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock from shares to shares (the Class A Increase Amendment ). Notwithstanding the fact that the proxy statement relating to the Special Meeting did not disclose that a separate vote of the Class A Common Stock was required, a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock voted in favor of the Class A Increase Amendment. 
 A recent decision of the Court of Chancery has created uncertainty regarding the validity of the Class A Increase Amendment and whether a separate vote of the majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock would have been required under Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. 
 The Company continues to believe that a separate vote of Class A Common Stock was not required to approve the Class A Increase Amendment. However, in light of the recent Court of Chancery decision, the Company filed a petition in the Court of Chancery pursuant to Section 205 of the DGCL seeking validation of the Class A Increase Amendment and the shares issued pursuant thereto to resolve any uncertainty with respect to those matters. Section 205 of the DGCL permits the Court of Chancery, in its discretion, to validate potentially defective corporate acts and stock after considering a variety of factors. 
 While the Company believes that a separate vote of Class A Common Stock was not required to approve the Class A Increase Amendment at the Special Meeting, and therefore that all of the currently outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company are validly issued, if the Company is not successful in the Section 205 proceeding, the uncertainty with respect to the Company s capitalization resulting from the Court of Chancery s decision referenced above could have a material adverse effect on the Company, including its ability to complete financing transactions, until the underlying issues are definitively resolved. 
 On March 3, 2023, the Court of Chancery granted the motion to expedite and set a hearing date for the petition to be heard. The hearing has been set for March 17, 2023. 
 Stockholder class action complaints 
 On August 16, 2021, purported ATI stockholders, Kevin Burbige and Ziyang Nie, filed a putative class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against ATI, Labeed Diab, Joe Jordan, and Drew McKnight (collectively, the ATI Individual Defendants ), and Joshua Pack, Marc Furstein, Leslee Cowen, Aaron Hood, Carmen Policy, Rakefet Russak-Aminoach, and Sunil Gulati (collectively, the FVAC Defendants ). 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 146 

Table of Contents 

 purported ATI stockholders filed derivative actions, purportedly on behalf of ATI, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. On November 21, 2022, of these stockholder plaintiffs, Vinay Kumar, Brendan Reginbald, Ziyang Nie and Julia Chang, filed a consolidated amended complaint against Labeed Diab, Joe Jordan, John Larsen, John Maldonado, Carmine Petrone, Christopher Krubert, Joanne Burns and James Parisi (collectively, the Legacy ATI Defendants ), Drew McKnight, Joshua Pack, Aaron Hood, Carmen Policy, Marc Furstein, Leslee Cowen, Rafeket Russak-Aminoach, and Sunil Gulati (collectively, the FVACII Individual Defendants ), and Fortress Acquisition Sponsor II, LLC and Fortress Investment Group LLC (together, the "Fortress Entity Defendants," and together with the FVACII Individual Defendants, the FVACII Defendants ). The consolidated amended complaint asserts claims on behalf of ATI against: (i) the FVACII Defendants for breach of fiduciary duty; (ii) Fortress Acquisition Sponsor II, LLC and the Legacy ATI Defendants for aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty; (iii) Labeed Diab, Joe Jordan, and Drew McKnight for contribution under Section 21D of the Exchange Act; (iv) the FVACII Defendants under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act; (v) the Legacy ATI Defendants for unjust enrichment; and (vi) all defendants for contribution and indemnification under Delaware law. Plaintiffs' allegations generally mirror those asserted in the stockholder class action described above. On January 20, 2023, defendants filed motions to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint, which remain pending. The Company has determined that potential liabilities related to the consolidated amended complaint are not considered probable or reasonably estimable at this time. 
 Insurance coverage complaint 
 On March 8, 2023, the Company filed a complaint against Federal Insurance Company, U.S. Specialty Insurance Company and other insurers titled ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. v. Federal Insurance Company et. al., Case No. N23C-03-074, in the Superior Court of the State of Delaware related to a coverage dispute and those certain insurers denial of coverage for the stockholder class action complaints and stockholder derivative complaint discussed above. The complaint asserts claims against Federal Insurance Company for breach of contract and bad faith, and claims for declaratory judgment as to Federal Insurance Company, U.S. Specialty Insurance Company, XL Specialty Insurance Company and the Company s excess insurance carriers, seeking coverage for the stockholder class action complaints and stockholder derivative complaint. 
 Regulatory matters 
 On November 5, 2021, the Company received from the SEC a voluntary request for the production of documents relating to the earnings forecast and financial information referenced in the Company's July 26, 2021 Form 8-K and related matters. The Company received a subsequent request from the SEC for the production of additional documents related to the same matter on February 17, 2023. The Company is cooperating with the SEC in connection with this request. 
 147 

Table of Contents 

Note 19. 
 148 

Table of Contents ) ) Less: Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 ) ) Less: Series A Senior Preferred cumulative dividend Loss available to common stockholders 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding (1,2) 
 
 Basic and diluted loss per share 
 
 (1) The weighted-average number of shares outstanding in periods presented prior to the closing of the Business Combination has been retrospectively adjusted based on the exchange ratio established through the transaction. 
 (2) Included within weighted average shares outstanding following the 2022 Debt Refinancing are common shares issuable upon the exercise of the Series II Warrants, as the Series II Warrants are exercisable at any time for nominal consideration. As such, the shares are considered to be outstanding for the purpose of calculating basic and diluted loss per share. 
 IPO Warrants Restricted shares (1) 
 Stock options RSUs RSAs Total 
 (1) Represents a portion of the million restricted shares distributed following the Business Combination to holders of unvested Incentive Common Units under the Wilco Acquisition, LP 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. Refer to Note 10 - Share-Based Compensation for further details. 
 million Earnout Shares and million Vesting Shares were excluded from the calculation of basic and diluted per share calculations as the vesting thresholds have not yet been met as of the end of the reporting period. 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the previously reported material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 Management concluded that notwithstanding the existence of the material weaknesses, the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, the Company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 Our management, under the supervision and with participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 as a result of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 We did not design and maintain an effective control environment commensurate with our financial reporting requirements as we did not maintain a sufficient complement of tax personnel with the appropriate mix of competent resources and financial reporting experience. Additionally, we did not design and maintain effective controls related to the income tax provision, including controls related to valuation allowances associated with the realizability of deferred tax assets. 
 These material weaknesses resulted in adjustments to income tax (benefit) expense and deferred income taxes and related disclosures as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, these material weaknesses could result in misstatements of the aforementioned account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the Company's annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included on page 88 . 
 
 Remediation Efforts with Respect to the Material Weaknesses 
 The Company's management, under the oversight of the Audit Committee, has continued the process of executing its remediation plan. Management has executed on the following measures in its remediation plan: 
 revised the Company's tax staffing model, and implemented technology to assist in the income tax provision processes, in order to better position the capabilities and capacity of the Company's in-house tax department based on tax reporting requirements; 
 refined the scope of the Company's external tax advisors to provide advice related to complex or unusual items, as well as advise on end-to-end corporate tax accounting matters; 
 enhanced the design and precision of the Company's controls related to the income tax provision calculations and documentation, including controls related to the valuation allowance assessment. 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 We believe the measures described above will contribute to remediating the control deficiencies we have identified and strengthen our internal control over financial reporting. We are committed to continuing to improve our internal control processes and will continue to review, optimize and enhance our financial reporting controls and procedures. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over the income tax provision, we may take additional measures to address control deficiencies, or we may modify, or in appropriate circumstances not complete, certain of the remediation measures described above. These material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than the changes related to the material weaknesses above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Disclosure Pursuant to Item 1.01 of Form 8-K - Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
 On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into a Transaction Support Agreement (the TSA with certain of its first lien lenders under the 2022 Credit Agreement (the "First Lien Lenders"), the administrative agent under the 2022 Credit Agreement, holders of its Series A Senior Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Equityholders") and holders of the majority of its common stock (together with the First Lien Lenders and the Preferred Equityholders, the Parties ), setting forth the principal terms of a comprehensive transaction to enhance the Company's liquidity (the "Transaction"). Pursuant to the TSA, and subject to the terms and conditions thereof, the Parties have agreed to support, act in good faith and take all steps reasonably necessary and desirable to consummate the transactions referenced therein by June 15, 2023 (the Outside Closing Date ). 
 152 

Table of Contents 

 The TSA contemplates, among other things, (i) a delayed draw new money financing, available under certain circumstances until the 18 month anniversary of the closing date of the transactions, in an aggregate principal amount equal to 25.0 million in the form of new second lien PIK exchangeable notes Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes ), (ii) exchange of 100.0 million of the aggregate principal amount of the term loans under the 2022 Credit Facility held by certain of the Preferred Equityholders for Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes, (iii) a reduction of the thresholds applicable to the minimum liquidity financial covenant under the 2022 Credit Agreement for certain periods, (iv) a waiver of the requirement to comply with the Secured Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant under the 2022 Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 and a modification of the levels and certain component definitions applicable thereto in the fiscal quarters ending after December 31, 2024, (v) waiver of the requirement for the Company to deliver audited financial statements without certain going concern qualifications for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2024, (vi) an increase in the interest rate payable on the existing term loans and revolving loans until the achievement of a specified financial metric and (vii) board representation and observer rights, and other changes to the governance of the Company. The Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes would be exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock of the Company at a fixed price of 0.25, and the holders thereof would have the right to vote on corporate matters on an as-exchanged basis. The TSA contains certain representations, warranties and other agreements by the Company and Parties. In accordance with the TSA, the First Lien Lenders agreed that, prior to the Outside Closing Date, they will forbear in the exercise of any rights, remedies, powers, privileges and defenses under the 2022 Credit Agreement arising on account of an alleged default or event of default (if any) resulting from the going concern explanatory paragraph in the independent auditors' report accompanying the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Credit Agreement Forbearance"). The Parties' obligations under the TSA are, and the closing of the Transaction is, subject to various customary terms and conditions set forth therein, including the execution and delivery of definitive documentation and approval by the Company's stockholders. 
 There is no assurance that the transactions contemplated by the TSA will be consummated on the terms as described above, on a timely basis or at all. 
 The foregoing description of the Transaction Support Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the TSA, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required in response to this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required in response to this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required in response to this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required in response to this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required in response to this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report. 
 154 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 The consolidated financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 87 . See page 157 for Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. All other schedules are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. The exhibits filed as a part of this Annual Report are listed in the Exhibit Index below. 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on June 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on June 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 3. 3 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc., filed on February 24, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on February 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 4.1 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and between ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Warrant Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on February 24, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 4.2 
 Description of Securities 10.1 
 Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2023, by and among ATI Physical Therapy, Inc., ATI Holdings Acquisition, Inc., Wilco Intermediate Holdings, and other parties thereto 10.2 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and among ATI Holdings Acquisition, Inc., Wilco Intermediate Holdings, Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent and Issuing Bank and the other lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on February 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 10.3 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2022, by and among ATI Holdings Acquisition, Inc., Wilco Intermediate Holdings, Inc., HPS Investment Partners, LLC, as Lender Representative and Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 1, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 10.4 
 Series A Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and between ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and the Purchasers signatory thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on February 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 10.5 
 Investors' Rights Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and among ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and the Holders party thereto from time to time (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on February 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 10.6 
 Employment Agreement by and between ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and Sharon A. Vitti dated March 30, 2022, effective April 28, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on April 28, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 155 

Table of Contents 

 10.7 
 Employment Agreement by and between ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and Eimile Tansey dated June 28, 2022, effective August 29, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company on August 9, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 10.8 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and Augustus Oakes effective June 20, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on June 24, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 10.9 
 Employment Agreement by and between ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and Erik Kantz effective November 4, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on November 7, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 10.10 
 Employment Agreement by and between ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and Chris Cox effective December 16, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on December 14, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 10.11 
 Employment Agreement by and between ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and Scott Gregerson effective December 16, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on December 22, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company on March 1,2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 Filed or furnished herewith 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 156 

Table of Contents 

 ) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets (2) 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts (1) 
 ) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets (2) 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 Allowance for doubtful accounts (1) 
 ) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets (3) 
 ) 
 (1) The additions to the allowance for doubtful accounts represent the provision for doubtful accounts that is recorded based upon the Company's evaluation of the collectability of accounts receivable. Deductions/Adjustments are primarily related to actual write-offs of receivables and other adjustments. 
 (2) The increase in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is primarily related to an increase in net operating loss carryforwards not expected to be realized prior to expiration. Refer to Note 16 - Income Taxes in the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K for further details. 
 (3) The decrease in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is primarily related to removal of valuation allowance on net loss carryforwards due to current period taxable income. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on our behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ATI PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC. 
 
 Date : March 16, 2023 
 
 /s/ JOSEPH JORDAN Joseph Jordan Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

157 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities as of March 16, 2023. 
 
 /s/ SHARON VITTI Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Sharon Vitti /s/ JOSEPH JORDAN Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Joseph Jordan /s/ BRENT RHODES Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Brent Rhodes /s/ JOHN (JACK) LARSEN Chairman of the Board and Director John (Jack) Larsen /s/ JOHN MALDONADO Director John Maldonado /s/ CARMINE PETRONE Director Carmine Petrone /s/ JOANNE M. BURNS Director Joanne M. Burns /s/ JAMES E. PARISI Director James E. Parisi /s/ ANDREW A. MCKNIGHT Director Andrew A. McKnight /s/ TERESA SPARKS Director Teresa Sparks /s/ DANIEL DOURNEY Director Daniel Dourney 
 158 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 exhibit42_descriptionofsec.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 General 
 The common stock and warrants to purchase common stock of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. (the Company are registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 The following descriptions summarize the most important terms of our Common Stock (as defined below) and Warrants (as defined below). Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and is qualified by reference to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Amended and Restated Bylaws, the Warrant Agreements, the Purchase Agreement, the Investor Rights Agreement, and the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, which are exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report of which this exhibit is a part. We urge you to read each of the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Amended and Restated Bylaws, the Warrant Agreement and the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 
 Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Annual Report. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 The Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 471,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of (i) 470,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value (the Common Stock and (ii) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. The Company has designated 165,000 shares of the Preferred Stock as Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ). 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Power 
 Except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise provided in any certificate of designation for any series of preferred stock, under the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of shares of Common Stock possess all voting power for the election of our directors and all other matters requiring stockholder action and are entitled or will be entitled, as applicable, to one vote per share on matters to be voted on by stockholders. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock, under the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our Board in its discretion out of funds legally available therefor and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions. 
 Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up 
 The Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the preferred stock, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Company, the holders of shares of Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in all the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders. 

Preemptive or Other Rights 
 Under the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights and there is no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the Common Stock. 
 Number and Election of Directors 
 Under the terms of the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Board is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed to Class I and Class II) serving a three-year term. Each class of directors is voted on at the annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company every third year. 
 Under the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, there is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors. Our directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of the Company s stockholders by holders of Common Stock. 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 The Company has 165,000 issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock is not registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 Each share of Series A Preferred Stock has an initial stated value of 1,000. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Company s common stock and all other junior equity securities of the Company, and junior to the Company s existing or future indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of the Company, with respect to payment of dividends, distribution of assets and all other liquidation, winding up, dissolution, dividend and redemption rights. 
 The Series A Senior Preferred Stock carries an initial dividend rate of 12.0 per annum (the Base Dividend Rate ), payable quarterly in arrears. If such dividends are not paid in cash, they are automatically compounded and added to the stated value of the Series A Preferred Stock. The Base Dividend Rate is subject to certain adjustments, including an increase of 1.0 per annum on the first day following the fifth anniversary of February 24, 2022 and each one-year anniversary thereafter, and 2.0 per annum upon the occurrence of either an Event of Noncompliance (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) or a failure by the Company to redeem in full all Series A Preferred Stock upon a Mandatory Redemption Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designation). The Company may elect to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock in cash beginning on the third anniversary of February 24, 2022 and, with respect to any such dividends paid in cash, the dividend rate then in effect shall be decreased by 1.0 . 
 The Company has the right to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time (subject to certain limitations on partial redemptions). The Redemption Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) for each share of Series A Preferred Stock depends on when such optional redemption takes place, if at all. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock is perpetual and is not mandatorily redeemable at the option of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, except upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designation). Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event, to the extent not prohibited by law, the Company is required to redeem all Series A Preferred Stock, in cash, at a price per share equal to the then applicable Redemption Price. 

If an Event of Noncompliance occurs, then the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (but excluding any shares of Series A Preferred Stock then held by Advent International Corporation or its controlled affiliates) (the Majority Holders have the right to demand that the Company engage in a sale refinancing process to consummate a Forced Transaction (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) provided, however, no such demand may be made if holders of less than two-thirds of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock (which must include the Lead Purchaser (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) so long as it holds at least 50.1 of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by it as of February 24, 2022) consent to the exercise of such demand. A Forced Transaction includes a refinancing of the Series A Preferred Stock or a sale of the Company. Upon consummation of any Forced Transaction, to the extent not prohibited by law, the Company is required to redeem all Series A Preferred Stock, in cash, at a price per share equal to the then applicable Redemption Price. 
 Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock have no voting rights with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock except as set forth in the Certificate of Designation, other documents entered into in connection with the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby (collectively, the Transaction Documents ), or as otherwise required by law. For so long as any Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Company is prohibited from taking certain actions without the prior consent of the Majority Holders (which consent must include the Lead Purchaser for so long as it holds at least 50.1 of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by it as of February 24, 2022). Such actions are set forth in the Certificate of Designation and include, without limitation, issuing equity securities ranking senior to or pari passu with the Series A Preferred Stock, incurring indebtedness or liens, engaging in affiliate transactions, making restricted payments, consummating investments or asset dispositions, consummating a change of control transaction unless the Series A Preferred Stock is redeemed in full, altering the Company s organizational documents, and making material changes to the nature of the Company s business, in each case subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designation. 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, have the right to designate and elect one director to serve on the Company s board of directors until such time after February 24, 2022 that (i) as of any applicable fiscal quarter end, the Company s trailing 12-month Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) exceeds 100,000,000, or (ii) the Lead Purchaser ceases to hold at least 50.1 of the Series A Preferred Stock held by it as of February 24, 2022.Investors Rights Agreement. 
 The Company entered into an Investors Rights Agreement with the Investors (the Investors Rights Agreement as of February 24, 2022. The Investors Rights Agreement sets forth the Investors right to designate one director to the Company s board of directors (subject to certain conditions as summarized above) and to receive certain quarterly and annual financial and other information of the Company. The Investors Rights Agreement also sets forth restrictions on transfer of shares of Series A Preferred Stock by the Investors and rights of first refusal in favor of any holder that, individually or together with its affiliates, holds, in the aggregate, at least 25 of the then-outstanding Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that one or more new shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional, special and other rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our Board is able, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the Common Stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Warrants 
 February 2022 Private Placement Warrants 
 The Company has outstanding (i) warrants (the Series I Warrants entitling the holders thereof to purchase 5,226,546 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to 3.00 per share, exercisable for a five-year period from February 24, 2022 and (ii) warrants (the Series II Warrants and together with the Series I Warrants, the Warrants entitling holders thereof to purchase 6,271,855 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price equal to 0.01 per share, exercisable for a five-year period from February 24, 2022. Such number of shares of Common Stock purchasable pursuant to the Warrants (the Warrant Shares may be adjusted from time to time as set forth in the Warrant Agreement (as defined below). 
 The Company has entered into a Warrant Agreement with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, as of February 24, 2022 (the Warrant Agreement ). Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, the Investors are entitled to, among other things, registration rights with respect to the Warrant Shares, anti-dilution protection (subject to customary carve-outs) and pre-emptive rights. 
 Public Stockholders Warrants 
 Each whole public warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the date that is 12 months from the closing of FAII s initial public offering. A warrant holder may exercise its Public Warrants only for a whole number of shares of Common Stock. This means that only a whole public warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5 00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 We are not obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a public warrant and will have no obligation to settle such public warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No public warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Public Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a public warrant, the holder of such public warrant will not be entitled to exercise such public warrant and such public warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash to settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised Public Warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such public warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Common Stock underlying such unit. 
 We have registered the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. We will use our best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if our Common Stock is at the time of any exercise of a public warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 
 Redemption of Warrants for Cash. Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, we may call the Public Warrants for redemption 
 in whole and not in part 

at a price of 0.01 per public warrant 
 upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and 
 if, and only if, the last reported sale price of shares of the Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 
 We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the Public Warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its public warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Common Stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 Redemption of Warrants for Common Stock. Commencing 90 days after the Public Warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the Public Warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants) 
 in whole and not in part 
 at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Common Stock except as otherwise described below 
 if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders 
 if, and only if, the Private Placement Warrants are also concurrently exchanged at the same price (equal to a number of shares of Common Stock) as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above and 
 if, and only if, there is an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating thereto available throughout the 30-day period after written notice of redemption is given. 
 The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of Common Stock that a warrant holder will receive upon exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Common Stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per public warrant), determined based on the average of the last reported sales price for the ten trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public Warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the Public Warrants, each as set forth in the table below. 

The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a public warrant is adjusted as set forth below. The adjusted stock prices in the column headings will equal the stock prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a public warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a public warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a public warrant. 
 Redemption Date 
 Fair Market Value of Common Stock 
 (period to expiration of warrants) 10.00 
 11.00 
 12.00 
 13.00 
 14.00 
 15.00 
 16.00 
 17.00 
 18.00 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.365 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.365 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.365 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.365 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.365 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.364 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.364 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.364 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.364 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.364 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.364 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.364 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.364 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.363 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.363 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.363 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.362 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.362 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 0 months 
 0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued for each public warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the average last reported sale price of our Common Stock for the ten trading days ending on the third trading date prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Public Warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the Public Warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their Public Warrants for 0.277 shares of our Common Stock for each whole public warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the average last reported sale price of our Common Stock for the ten trading days ending on the third trading date prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Public Warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the Public Warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their Public Warrants for 0.298 shares of our Common Stock for each whole public warrant. In no event will the Public Warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.365 shares of our Common Stock per public warrant. Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the Public Warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any shares of Common Stock. 
 This redemption feature differs from the typical public warrant redemption features used in other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of Public Warrants for cash (other than the Private Placement Warrants) when the trading price for the Common Stock exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding Public Warrants to be redeemed when the Common Stock is trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Common Stock is below the exercise price of the Public Warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the Public Warrants without the Public Warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of Warrants for Cash . Holders choosing to exercise their Public Warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their Public Warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding Public Warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the Public Warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed and we will be required to pay the redemption price to public warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the Public Warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the Public Warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the Public Warrants and pay the redemption price to the public warrant holders. 
 As stated above, we can redeem the Public Warrants when the Common Stock is trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing public warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the Public Warrants when the Common Stock is trading at a price below the exercise price of the Public Warrants, this could result in the public warrant holders receiving fewer Common Stock than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their Public Warrants for Common Stock if and when such Common Stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 
 No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Common Stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the Public Warrants are exercisable for a security other than the shares of Common Stock pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the Public Warrants may be exercised for such security. 

Redemption Procedures and Cashless Exercise. If we call the Public Warrants for redemption as described above under Redemption of Warrants for Cash , management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its public warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of Public Warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of our Public Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of Public Warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their Public Warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the Public Warrants by (B) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of shares of the Common Stock for the ten trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Common Stock to be received upon exercise of the Public Warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a public warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the Public Warrants after our initial business combination. 
 A holder of a public warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such public warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the public warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 Anti-dilution Adjustments. If the number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, or by a split-up of shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each public warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Common Stock. A rights offering to holders of shares of Common Stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Common Stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (A) the number of shares of Common Stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock) multiplied by (B) one (1) minus the quotient of (i) the price per share of Common Stock paid in such rights offering divided by (ii) the fair market value. For these purposes (A) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock, in determining the price payable for Common Stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (B) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Common Stock as reported during the ten trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the Public Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock on account of such shares of Common Stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the Public Warrants are convertible), other than (A) as described above, (B) certain ordinary cash dividends or (C) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Common Stock in connection with the Business Combination, then the public warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Common Stock in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each public warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Common Stock. 
 Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is adjusted, as described above, the public warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (A) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (B) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the Public Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Common Stock and in lieu of our shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Public Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their Public Warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each public warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the outstanding Common Stock, the holder of a public warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a stockholder if such public warrant holder had exercised the public warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Common Stock by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. 
 Additionally, if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Common Stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of capital stock or shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the public warrant properly exercises the public warrant within 30 days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the per share consideration minus the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. 

The Public Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and FAII. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which was filed as an exhibit to the registration statement pertaining to FAII s IPO, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. 
 The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Common Stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 
 Sponsor Private Placement Warrants 
 The Sponsor purchased 5,933,333 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant for an aggregate purchase price of 8,900,000 in a Private Placement that occurred on FAII s IPO closing date. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold as part of the units in FAII s IPO except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (A) they will not be redeemable by us (except as described above under Description of Securities Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Redemption of warrants for Class A common stock ), (B) they will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the Sponsor), (C) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (D) they (including the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in FAII s initial public offering. 
 If holders of the Private Placement Warrants elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise prices of the warrants by (B) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Common Stock for the ten trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by Sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders are permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. 
 Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the shares of Common Stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Provisions of the DGCL and our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire the Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, summarized below, are intended to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with the board of directors. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging certain takeover or acquisition proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms and enhance the ability of the Board to maximize stockholder value. However, these provisions may delay, deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of us that a stockholder might consider is in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price of our Common Stock. 
 Business Combinations 
 We have opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL however the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation contains a provision that is substantially similar to Section 203, but excludes Advent and its affiliates and successors and investment funds affiliated with Advent (the Excluded Parties from the definition of interested stockholder, and make certain related changes. Upon consummation of the Business Combination, the Excluded Parties became interested stockholders within the meaning of Section 203 of the DGCL, but are not subject to the restrictions on business combinations set forth in Section 203, as the FAII Board approved the Business Combination in which the Excluded Parties became interested stockholders prior to such time they became interested stockholders. 
 In addition, our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides for certain other provisions that may have an anti-takeover effect 
 the Company s Board approved the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction 
 after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than certain excluded shares of Common Stock or 
 on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the Company s Board and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 In addition, our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provide for certain other provisions that may have an anti-takeover effect 
 There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors. 
 Our Board is empowered to appoint a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board or the resignation, death, or removal of a director in certain circumstances. 
 Directors may only be removed from the Board for cause. 
 A prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders. 

A prohibition on stockholders calling a special meeting and the requirement that a meeting of the stockholders may only be called by members of our Board, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors. 
 Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 Classified Board 
 Under the terms of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Board is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed to Class I and Class II) serving a three-year term. Each class of directors is voted on at the annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company every third year. Directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of the stockholders by holders of Common Stock. So long as the Board is classified, it would take at least two elections of directors for any individual or group to gain control of the Board. Accordingly, while the classified board is in effect, these provisions could discourage a third party from initiating a proxy contest, making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to gain control of the Company. 
 Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 
 The Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before the annual meeting of the stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at the annual meeting of the stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received by the Company s secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of the stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. The Amended and Restated Bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of the stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of the stockholders. 
 Right of Certain Company Stockholders to Appoint Members of the Board 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, FAII and certain holders of Company stock affiliated with Advent entered into the Stockholders Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, Advent is entitled to designate for nomination to the Board (A) five directors if Advent holds equal to or greater than 50 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (B) four directors if Advent holds less than 50 but equal to or greater than 38 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (C) three directors if Advent holds less than 38 but equal to or greater than 26 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (D) two directors if Advent holds less than 26 but equal to or greater than 13 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and (E) one director if Advent holds less than 13 but equal to or greater than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Exclusive Forum 
 The Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that, unless ATI consents to the selection of an alternative forum, any (A) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of ATI, (B) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, stockholder or employee to ATI or its stockholders, (C) action asserting a claim against ATI or its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Amended and Restated Bylaws or (D) action asserting a claim against ATI or its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. Additionally, the Amended and Restated Bylaws also provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless ATI consents to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of ATI shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in the Amended and Restated Bylaws. This exclusive forum provision will not apply to claims under the Exchange Act but will apply to other state and federal law claims including actions arising under the Securities Act. Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a forum selection provision as written in connection with claims arising under the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 exhibit101_tsafullyexecu.htm
 EX-10.1

exhibit101_tsafullyexecu 

Execution Version WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 THIS TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT IS NOT AND SHALL NOT BE DEEMED AN OFFER OR ACCEPTANCE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES. ANY SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION WILL COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT SHALL BE AN ADMISSION OF FACT OR LIABILITY OR, UNTIL THE OCCURRENCE OF THE SUPPORT EFFECTIVE DATE (AS DEFINED HEREIN), DEEMED BINDING ON ANY OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT ON THE TERMS DESCRIBED IN THIS AGREEMENT. TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT This TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT (together with all exhibits, schedules, and attachments hereto, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, this Agreement ), dated as of March 15, 2023, is entered into by and among: (i) ATI Physical Therapy Inc. Topco ), ATI Holdings Acquisition, Inc. (the Borrower ), Wilco Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Holdings and the Guarantors under the Credit Agreement (each, a Company Party and collectively, the Company or the Company Parties (ii) Barclays Bank PLC Barclays ), as lender under the Credit Agreement; (iii) Barclays, as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement (pursuant to Section 28 hereof); (iv) HPS Investment Partners, LLC, as Lender Representative under the Credit Agreement and each HPS Lender under the Credit Agreement HPS and together with Barclays, the Consenting First Lien Lenders (v) Certain entities affiliated with or managed by, or affiliates of each of (a) Knighthead Capital Management, LLC, (b) Marathon Asset Management LP, (c) Onex Credit Management LLC and Onex Credit Partners, LLC, and (d) Caspian Capital L.P., as holders of 100 of the Preferred Stock and, to the extent specified on the signature pages hereto, as lenders under the Credit Agreement; and (vi) The undersigned investment entities affiliated with Advent International Corporation Advent and together with the Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Consenting Preferred Equityholders, the Consenting Stakeholders ), as holder of the majority of the Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the date hereof. Each Company Party and Consenting Stakeholder is referred to as a Party and collectively, the Parties. WHEREAS, the Parties have agreed to undertake the Transaction (as defined herein) on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, including as set forth in the Transaction Exhibit 10.1 

-2- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 Term Sheet (as defined herein), which is the product of arm s-length, good faith discussions between the Parties and their respective advisors; WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each Consenting First Lien Lender and Consenting Crossholder is the beneficial owner, or the investment advisor or manager for the beneficial owner(s), of Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable, in the amount set forth on its signature page hereto; WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each Consenting Preferred Equityholder is the beneficial owner, or the investment advisor or manager for the beneficial owner(s), of Preferred Stock in the amounts set forth on its signature page hereto; WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, HPS and the Consenting Crossholders collectively hold, directly or indirectly, 100 of the outstanding Term Loans; WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Consenting Preferred Equityholders collectively hold, directly or indirectly, 100 of the Preferred Stock; WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, Advent holds, directly or indirectly, in excess of 56 of the Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the date hereof; and WHEREAS, the Parties desire to express to each other their mutual support and commitment in respect of the matters addressed in this Agreement and in the transaction term sheet attached hereto as Exhibit A (together with all term sheets, schedules, exhibits, and annexes attached thereto, and as may be modified in accordance with the terms hereof, the Transaction Term Sheet ). NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 1. Certain Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Transaction Term Sheet. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: (a) Administrative Agent as defined in the definition of Credit Agreement . (b) Agreement Among Lenders has the meaning ascribed to the term AAL in the Credit Agreement. (c) Alternative Transaction means any plan, dissolution, winding up, liquidation, receivership, assignment for the benefit of creditors, workout, sale or disposition, reorganization, assignment for the benefit of creditors, merger, consolidation, tender offer, exchange offer, business combination, joint venture, partnership, sale of all or substantially all assets, debt Exhibit 10.1 

-3- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 equitization, recapitalization, refinancing, material amendment, new money financing transaction or restructuring of any of the Company Parties or their assets other than the Transaction, as set forth in the Transaction Term Sheet. (d) Assignment and Assumption Agreement means the Master Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the terms and conditions of which are materially set forth in the Transaction Term Sheet. (e) Certificate of Designation Amendment means that certain Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series A Senior Preferred Stock of Topco, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on or prior to the Closing Date. (f) Claim means, except as otherwise defined solely for the purposes of section 6 of this Agreement, any right to payment, whether or not such right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured, or unsecured. (g) Closing Date means the date on which the Transaction is consummated. (h) Common Stock means Topco s issued and outstanding Class A common stock. (i) Consenting Crossholder means any party to this agreement which is both a lender under the Credit Agreement and a holder of Preferred Stock, in each case as indicated on the signature page or applicable Joinder Agreement for such party. (j) Consenting Preferred Equityholder means any party to this agreement which is a holder of Preferred Stock, as indicated on the signature page or applicable Joinder Agreement for such party. (k) Consenting Preferred Equityholders Consent means that certain Action by Written Consent of the Series A Senior Preferred Stockholders of the Company approving the Transaction and certain related matters. (l) Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and among the Borrower, Holdings, the lenders party thereto, Barclays, as Administrative Agent (together with its permitted successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), and HPS Investment Partners LLC, as Lender Representative, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of March 30, 2022. (m) Credit Agreement Amendment means Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, the material terms and conditions of which are set forth in the Transaction Term Sheet and Exhibit B to the Transaction Term Sheet. (n) Default has the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. (o) Definitive Documents means the material agreements that are necessary to implement the Transaction, including, but not limited to: (a) the Credit Agreement Amendment, (b) the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, (c) any documents relating to the New Money Exhibit 10.1 

-4- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 Financing, including, without limitation, the Second Lien Note Purchase Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, and the Registration Rights Agreement, (d) any documents relating to the Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, the Investors Rights Agreement Amendment, the Certificate of Designation Amendment, and the Consenting Preferred Equityholders Consent, (e) the Management Incentive Program, (f) any other documents related to the amendment and/or restatement of the Organizational Documents of the Company required to implement the Transaction, (g) an amendment to the Agreement Among Lenders and (h) such other related documents and ancillary agreements required to implement the Transaction. (p) Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. (q) Fees and Expenses has the meaning set forth in Section 4(v). (r) First Lien Loans means the Term Loans and the Revolving Loans. (s) First Lien Termination Event means, solely with respect to the Consenting First Lien Lenders, any of the following: (i) if (a) any Default that is, in the good faith determination of the Company, incapable of being cured or (b) an Event of Default shall occur under the Credit Agreement; provided, that, clause (i) shall not apply to any Specified Default; or (ii) notice of the occurrence of a Consenting Stakeholder Termination Event by any other Consenting Stakeholder. (t) Governmental Authority means any federal, state, local or other governmental authority having jurisdiction over any of the Company Parties. (u) Intercreditor Agreement means the subordination and intercreditor agreement, to be entered as of the Closing Date, by and among the Administrative Agent on behalf of the holders of the First Lien Loans and an agent to be determined on behalf of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes. (v) Interest means any capital stock, membership interest, partnership interest, or other equity security or rights exercisable or exchangeable into capital stock or any other equity security, whether vested or unvested, of a Company Party. (w) Investors Rights Agreement means that certain Investors Rights Agreement, dated February 24, 2022, by and among Topco and the Consenting Preferred Equityholders, among others. (x) Investors Rights Agreement Amendment means that certain First Amendment to the Investors Rights Agreement, to be entered as of the Closing Date, by and among Topco and the Consenting Preferred Equityholders party thereto. (y) Joinder Agreement means a joinder to this Agreement substantially in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit B providing, among other things, that such Person signatory thereto is bound by the terms of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any party that executes a Joinder Agreement shall be a Consenting Stakeholder and Party under this Agreement as provided therein. Exhibit 10.1 

-5- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 (z) Loan Documents has the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. (aa) Majority Consenting Preferred Equityholders means, at any time, Consenting Preferred Equityholders that collectively beneficially own or control more than at least 50 of all issued and outstanding Preferred Stock at such time. (bb) Management Incentive Program means that certain management incentive program to be adopted by Topco as of the Closing Date on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to each of the Consenting Stakeholders. (cc) New Money Financing has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Term Sheet. (dd) New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes means the new second lien PIK exchangeable notes to be issued by the Borrower (or, upon the request of the Majority Consenting Preferred Equityholders, Topco) to the Consenting Preferred Equityholders, the material terms of which are set forth in the Transaction Term Sheet. (ee) Organizational Documents means (a) with respect to a corporation, the charter, articles or certificate of incorporation, as applicable, and bylaws thereof, (b) with respect to a limited liability company, the certificate of formation or organization, as applicable, and the operating or limited liability company agreement thereof, (c) with respect to a partnership, the certificate of formation and the partnership agreement, and (d) with respect to any other Person the organizational, constituent and/or governing documents and/or instruments of such Person. (ff) Outside Closing Date means June 15, 2023. (gg) Outside Signing Date means April 15, 2023. (hh) Person means any person as defined in section 101(41) of the Bankruptcy Code, including any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or other entity. (ii) Preferred Equity Held Term Loans means the Term Loans held by the Consenting Crossholders or their respective affiliates. (jj) Preferred Stock means Topco s issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock. (kk) Registration Rights Agreement means a registration rights agreement to be entered as of the Closing Date, by and among Topco and the Consenting Preferred Equityholders for the benefit of the holders of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes and the shares of Common Stock into which such notes are exchangeable. (ll) Revolving Credit Facility means the Revolving Facility as defined in the Credit Agreement. Exhibit 10.1 

-6- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 (mm) Revolving Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. (nn) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (oo) Special Committee means those certain special committees of the boards of directors of Topco and Borrower. (pp) Specified Default means any Default or Event of Default under Section 7.01(e) of the Credit Agreement prior to the Outside Closing Date arising from the Borrower s failure to deliver an audit report for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that satisfies the requirements set forth in Section 5.01(b) of the Credit Agreement. (qq) Support Effective Date means the date on which the counterpart signature pages to this Agreement have been executed and delivered by each of the Parties hereto. (rr) Tax Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (ss) Term Loan Facility means the Term Facility as defined in the Credit Agreement. (tt) Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. (uu) Transaction means all acts, events, and transactions contemplated by, required for, and taken to implement the transactions contemplated under this Agreement (including the Transaction Term Sheet and, for the avoidance of doubt, all other term sheets, schedules, exhibits, and annexes attached thereto), pursuant to the Definitive Documents, each in the singular and collectively, as applicable. (vv) TSA Support Period means the period commencing on the Support Effective Date and ending on the earliest of (i) with respect to any Party, the date on which this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 8 hereof with respect to such Party, (ii) the Outside Closing Date, and (iii) the Closing Date. 2. Transaction Term Sheet; Definitive Documents. (a) Transaction Term Sheet. The Transaction Term Sheet (and all schedules, annexes, and exhibits thereof) is expressly incorporated herein by reference and made part of this Agreement as if fully set forth herein. The Transaction Term Sheet, including the schedules, annexes, and exhibits thereto, sets forth certain material terms and conditions of the Transaction. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the Transaction Term Sheet (including the attachments thereto, as applicable), the Transaction Term Sheet (including the attachments thereto, as applicable) shall control. (b) Definitive Documents. The Definitive Documents remain subject to negotiation and completion. Each of the Definitive Documents shall (i) contain terms and conditions consistent in all material respects with this Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Exhibit 10.1 

-7- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 Transaction Term Sheet, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with Section 12 herein, and (ii) to the extent any matter is not addressed in the Transaction Term Sheet, shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company and each of the Consenting Stakeholders party to the applicable Definitive Document; provided, that, any provision of any Definitive Document which has an adverse effect on HPS or the Revolving Lenders shall be in form and substance satisfactory to HPS or the Required Revolving Lenders, as applicable (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld). 3. Agreements of the Consenting Stakeholders; Acknowledgment of the Company Parties. (a) Agreement to Support. During the TSA Support Period, each of the Consenting Stakeholders agree, subject to the terms and conditions hereof (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the termination rights under Section 8), that each Consenting Stakeholder, severally and not jointly, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) support the Transaction, to act in good faith and to take any and all actions reasonably necessary to consummate the Transaction in a manner consistent with this Agreement, as promptly as practicable, and in no event later than the Outside Closing Date; (ii) not direct any Person to take any action inconsistent with the Consenting Stakeholder s obligations under this Agreement, and, if such Person, at the direction of the Consenting Stakeholder in breach of this Agreement, takes any action inconsistent with the Consenting Stakeholder s obligations under this Agreement, the Consenting Stakeholder shall direct and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Person to cease, withdraw, and refrain from taking any such action; (iii) negotiate in good faith the Definitive Documents and, to the extent applicable, execute the Definitive Documents; (iv) not directly or indirectly, through any Person, take any action, including initiating (or encouraging any other Person to initiate) any legal proceeding, that is inconsistent with or that would reasonably be expected to prevent, interfere with, delay, or impede the consummation of the Transaction; (v) to the extent any legal or structural impediment arises that would prevent, hinder, or delay the consummation of the Transaction, negotiate in good faith appropriate additional or alternative provisions to address any such impediment (to the extent not prohibited by law or regulation applicable to the Consenting Stakeholders); (vi) obtain and deliver such approvals, consents, waivers, and documents as are necessary to authorize the Consenting Stakeholders or the Company s consummation and implementation of the Transaction in accordance with this Agreement, including the Transaction Term Sheet; (vii) support and take all actions reasonably necessary or reasonably requested by the Company to confirm such Consenting Stakeholder s support for, and facilitate the Exhibit 10.1 

-8- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 consummation of the Transaction (to the extent not prohibited by law or regulation applicable to the Consenting Stakeholders); and (viii) consent to the releases set forth in Section 6 hereof (it being understood that such releases shall not become effective until the Closing Date); provided, that, any obligation, other than with respect to the commitment obligations in connection with the New Money Financing, arising under this Section 3(a) shall not require any Consenting Stakeholder to, directly or indirectly, incur any non de minimis cost, expense, liability, or Claim. (b) Temporary Forbearance, Etc.. (i) Forbearance by the Consenting Preferred Equityholders and Advent. Each of the Consenting Preferred Equityholders and Advent shall temporarily forbear during the TSA Support Period from the exercise of any and all rights and remedies against any of the Company Parties in contravention of this Agreement or that would reasonably be expected to prevent, interfere with, delay, or impede the consummation of the Transaction, whether at law, in equity, by agreement or otherwise, which are or become available to them in respect of any Claims (as defined below) or Interests, as applicable, including, without limitation, any rights and all rights and remedies arising under or in connection with the Certificate of Designation or the Investors Rights Agreement, in each case to the maximum extent permitted by law. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing forbearance shall not be construed to impair the ability of the Consenting Stakeholders to take any remedial action, without requirement for any notice, demand, or presentment of any kind (except as required by the Credit Agreement and/or any other Loan Document), at any time after the TSA Support Period (unless the TSA Support Period is terminated solely as a result of the occurrence of the Closing Date). If the Transaction is not consummated or if this Agreement is terminated for any reason (other than termination solely as a result of the occurrence of the Closing Date), the Consenting Stakeholders fully reserve any and all of their rights. (ii) Forbearance by Consenting First Lien Lenders. (A) To induce the Consenting First Lien Lenders to execute this Agreement, each Company Party (for itself and on behalf of each of their respective subsidiaries) hereby acknowledges, stipulates, represents, warrants and agrees as follows: (1) No Default or Event of Default under the Credit Agreement and/or any other Loan Document has occurred and is continuing as of the date hereof; provided that no representation is made in this sentence with respect to the forbearance in respect of any Specified Default. Except as expressly set forth in this Section 3(b)(ii) with respect to any Specified Default, the agreements of the Consenting First Lien Lenders hereunder to forbear in the exercise of their respective rights, remedies, powers, privileges and defenses under the Loan Documents in respect of any Specified Default during the TSA Support Period do not in any manner whatsoever limit any right of any of the Consenting First Lien Exhibit 10.1 

-9- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 Lenders to insist upon compliance with this Agreement or any Loan Document during the TSA Support Period. (2) Nothing has occurred that constitutes or otherwise can be construed or interpreted as a waiver of, or, except as expressly set forth in this Section 3(b)(ii) with respect to any Specified Default, otherwise to limit in any respect, any rights, remedies, powers, privileges and defenses that the Administrative Agent, the Consenting First Lien Lenders or any other lenders under the Credit Agreement have or may have arising as the result of any Default or Event of Default (including any Specified Default) that has occurred or that may occur under the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents or applicable law. Except as expressly set forth in this Section 3(b)(ii) with respect to any Specified Default, the Consenting First Lien Lenders actions in entering into this Agreement are without prejudice to the rights of any of the Administrative Agent, the Consenting First Lien Lenders or any other lenders under the Credit Agreement to pursue any and all remedies under the Loan Documents pursuant to applicable law or in equity available to it in its sole discretion upon the termination (whether upon expiration thereof, upon acceleration or otherwise) of the TSA Support Period. (3) All of the assets pledged, assigned, conveyed, mortgaged, hypothecated or transferred to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents (as defined in the Credit Agreement) are (and shall continue to be) subject to valid and enforceable, subject to the Legal Reservations (as defined in the Credit Agreement), liens and security interests of the Administrative Agent, as collateral security for all of the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Credit Agreement), subject to no Liens other than Liens permitted by Section 6.02 of the Credit Agreement, and all of the Secured Obligations are secured by unavoidable, subject to the Legal Reservations, first-priority, subject to Liens permitted by Section 6.02 of the Credit Agreement, security interest in and liens on the Collateral, as described in the Collateral Documents. Each Company Party (for itself and for each of their respective subsidiaries) hereby reaffirms and ratifies its prior conveyance to the Administrative Agent of a continuing security interest in and lien on the Collateral (as defined in the Credit Agreement). There are no offsets, counterclaims or defenses (other than any defense arising from the permitted release of any Loan Party from its obligations under the Loan Documents in accordance with the express terms thereof) to any of the Secured Obligations, nor are there any bases for any arguments for avoidance, recharacterization, subordination or any other claim, cause of action or other challenge of any kind to the Secured Obligations or the security interests in and liens on the Collateral, as applicable, under the Bankruptcy Code or under any other applicable law or otherwise. (4) Except as expressly set forth herein in this Section 3(b)(ii) with respect to any Specified Default, the Company Parties understand and accept the temporary nature of the forbearance provided hereby and that the Consenting First Lien Lenders have given no assurances that they will extend such forbearance beyond the TSA Support Period or provide waivers under or amendments to the Exhibit 10.1 

-10- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. For the avoidance of doubt, and except as expressly set forth in this Section 3(b)(ii) with respect to any Specified Default, the forbearance in this Section 3(b)(ii) shall not be construed to impair the ability of the Consenting First Lien Lenders to take any remedial action, without requirement for any notice, demand, or presentment of any kind, at any time during or after the TSA Support Period (other than any such notice, demand or presentment that is required by the terms of the Loan Documents). If this Agreement is terminated for any reason, the Consenting First Lien Lenders fully reserve any and all of their rights. (B) Subject to (1) the occurrence of the Support Effective Date and (2) the continuing effectiveness and enforceability of the Loan Documents in accordance with their terms, the Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Consenting Crossholders agree to forbear in the exercise of their respective rights, remedies, powers, privileges and defenses under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents solely in respect of any Specified Default during the TSA Support Period; provided that, (I) without limiting the terms of this clause (B), each Company Party shall comply with all limitations, restrictions, covenants and prohibitions that would otherwise be effective or applicable under the Loan Documents, and (II) nothing herein shall be construed as a waiver by the Administrative Agent, any Consenting First Lien Lender or any other Lender of any Specified Default. (C) Upon the occurrence of a termination of this Agreement with respect to any of the Consenting First Lien Lenders, this Agreement shall automatically and without any further action or notice terminate and be of no force and effect with respect to the Consenting First Lien Lenders; it being expressly agreed that the effect of such termination will be to permit the Consenting First Lien Lenders to exercise, or cause the exercise of, any rights, remedies, powers, privileges and defenses available to any of them under the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents or applicable law, immediately, without any further notice, demand, passage of time, presentment, protest or forbearance of any kind (all of which each Company Party hereby waives), in each case, subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 3(b)(ii) to the contrary, nothing in this Section 3(b)(ii) shall supersede, limit, waive or otherwise impair and/or modify the terms of any Definitive Document. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, it is understood and agreed for the avoidance of doubt that the provisions in this Agreement that reference any Specified Default shall not be deemed to constitute an acknowledgement, inference or admission by the Company that any Specified Default has occurred or will occur. (c) Preservation of Rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement, shall: (i) be construed to limit consent and approval rights provided in this Agreement, the Transaction Term Sheet, and the Definitive Documents; (ii) be construed to prohibit any Consenting Stakeholder from contesting whether any matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement; and (iii) constitute a waiver or amendment of any provision of any documents or agreements that give rise to a Consenting Stakeholder s Claims or Interests, as applicable. Exhibit 10.1 

-11- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 (d) New Money Financing Commitment. So long as this Agreement has not been terminated and remains in full force and effect, each of the Consenting Preferred Equityholders (i) hereby commits, severally and not jointly, to provide (including through their affiliated designee(s) or assignee(s)) to the Company on the Closing Date a portion of the New Money Financing in an amount equal to the amount of the New Money Financing commitment set forth below its name on the signature page hereto in the form of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes on the terms and conditions set forth in the Transaction Term Sheet (or as otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Consenting Preferred Equityholders, HPS, Barclays and the Company) and subject to the satisfaction of any conditions precedent reasonably agreed among the Consenting Preferred Equityholders and the Company Parties, and (ii) shall instruct the applicable agent or other representative under the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement on the Closing Date. (e) Treatment of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans. So long as this Agreement has not been terminated and remains in full force and effect, each Consenting Crossholder hereby agrees that on the Closing Date (i) the amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans held by such Consenting Crossholder that is set forth below its name on the signature page hereto, which amounts for all such Consenting Crossholders aggregate to 100,000,000, shall be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes on the terms and conditions set forth in the Transaction Term Sheet (or as otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Consenting Crossholders, HPS, Barclays and the Company) and subject to the satisfaction of any conditions precedent reasonably agreed among the Consenting Crossholders and the Company Parties, and (ii) such Consenting Crossholders shall instruct the applicable agent or other representatives under the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement on the Closing Date. The New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes shall be issued by the Borrower, or, if requested by the Majority Consenting Preferred Equityholders, Topco. (f) Consent Under the Credit Agreement. So long as this Agreement has not been terminated and remains in full force and effect, and subject to (i) the consummation of the actions contemplated under Section 3(d) and 3(e) above and the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Term Sheet and (ii) the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Transaction Term Sheet, each Consenting First Lien Lender and each Consenting Crossholder hereby agrees that on the Closing Date it shall (i) consent to (A) the covenant relief and modifications to the (1) Minimum Liquidity Covenant (as defined in the Credit Agreement), (2) Maximum Secured Net Leverage Covenant (as defined in the Credit Agreement), (B) the waiver of the requirement of the Borrower under Section 5.01(b) of the Credit Agreement to deliver audited financials without a going concern explanatory paragraph or like statement for the Fiscal Years (as defined in the Credit Agreement) ending December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, in each case, as set forth in the Transaction Term Sheet and (C) the other amendments to the Credit Agreement set forth in the Transaction Term Sheet and Exhibit B to the Transaction Term Sheet and (ii) enter into the documentation and take such actions contemplated by the Transaction Term Sheet. In consideration for the foregoing consent to the Transaction, the Company Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that (A) from and after the date of the Definitive Documents and until the second consecutive date for which Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for a Test Period ending on the last day of a fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date is greater than 50,000,000 and the Borrower shall have delivered a Compliance Certificate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to the Administrative Agent showing such calculation in Exhibit 10.1 

-12- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 reasonable detail, interest on all Term Loans and Revolving Loans shall be increased by 1.00 per annum, which increased amount shall be paid on each Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement) (i) with respect to the Term Loans, in kind, and (ii) with respect to the Revolving Loans, in cash, (B) the Prepayment Premium with respect to all Term Loans in Section 2.12(f) of the Credit Agreement shall be reset from the Closing Date, (C) the Credit Agreement Amendment shall include the modifications thereto set forth in the Transaction Term Sheet and Exhibit B to the Transaction Term Sheet and (D) the Company shall pay the Increased Revolving Loan Interest Rate set forth in the Transaction Term Sheet. (g) Advent Voting Agreement. During the TSA Support Period, (a) provided, that, the non-Advent Parties have complied with their obligations hereunder and that this Agreement shall not have been terminated by any non-Advent Party, and (b) subject in all respects to the negotiation and completion of the Definitive Documents reasonably acceptable to Advent and that are consistent in all material respects with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Transaction Term Sheet, Advent, in its capacity solely as a holder of the Common Stock, hereby agrees to vote (in person or by proxy) at any meeting of the stockholders of Topco (whether annual, special or otherwise, and whether or not adjourned or postponed) or consent (or cause to be voted or consented) to any action by any written consent or resolution (x) in favor of any matters required under applicable law or stock exchange regulation to give effect to the Transaction, which shall include (i) the Company s entry into the Definitive Documents, (ii) the appointment of directors to the board of directors of Topco by the Consenting Preferred Equityholders, (iii) any amendment and/or restatement of the Organizational Documents of the Company Parties or any other actions related to the Company s corporate governance that are reasonably necessary to consummate the Transaction and (iv) any other transaction or proposal approved and/or recommended by the Special Committee, boards of directors, or members (as applicable) of the Company Parties relating directly or indirectly to the Transaction, which is reasonably necessary and appropriate to consummate the Transaction and are otherwise materially consistent with the Transaction Term Sheet and this Agreement and are reasonably acceptable to Advent, and (y) not support any other proposals that could reasonably be expected to delay or impair the ability of the Company to enter into the Definitive Documents or give effect to the Transaction. 4. Agreements of the Company Parties. (a) Covenants. Each Company Party agrees that, for the duration of the TSA Support Period, such Company Party shall (and shall cause its subsidiaries to): (i) support and use commercially reasonable efforts to consummate and complete the Transaction and take any actions reasonably necessary to consummate the Transaction in a manner consistent with this Agreement, as promptly as practicable, and in no event later than the Outside Closing Date; (ii) if the Company Parties receive an unsolicited bona fide proposal or expression of interest in undertaking an Alternative Transaction the Company Parties shall, within 48 hours of the receipt of such expression of interest, notify the Consenting Stakeholders of the receipt thereof, with such notice to include the material terms thereof and thereafter comply with Section 4(a)(iii)(B); Exhibit 10.1 

-13- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 (iii) not (A) solicit, initiate or encourage the submission of any proposal or offer from any Person relating to an Alternative Transaction or (B) participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, furnish any information with respect to, assist or participate in, or facilitate in any other manner any effort or attempt by any Person to do or seek any of the foregoing, provided that, the foregoing shall not limit the Company s rights under section 8(e)(ii) in connection with the Fiduciary Out; (iv) not, nor encourage any other person or entity to, take any action which would, or would reasonably be expected to, breach or be inconsistent with this Agreement or delay, impede, appeal, or take any other negative action, directly or indirectly, to interfere with the consummation or implementation of the Transaction and, if such person or entity takes any action inconsistent with any Company Party s obligations under this Agreement, the Company Party shall direct and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such person or entity to cease, withdraw, and refrain from taking any such action; (v) (a) (I) no less than three (3) business days after the Support Effective Date and (II) during the TSA Support Period promptly (and no later than within five (5) business days after request) pay or reimburse the reasonable and documented, fees and out-of-pocket expenses of (1) Milbank LLP, counsel to HPS, (2) Davis Polk Wardwell LLP, counsel to the Consenting Preferred Equityholders, (3) Ropes Gray LLP, counsel to Advent, and (4) Cahill Gordon Reindel LLP, counsel to Barclays and the Administrative Agent (collectively, the Fees and Expenses ), and (b) upon the Closing Date, pay or reimburse any unpaid Fees and Expenses, in each case incurred pursuant to the representation of their respective client in connection with the negotiation, implementation, or closing of the Transaction and in each case by wire transfer to the applicable professional of immediately available funds; (vi) prepare such proxy statements, information statements or other disclosure documents with respect to solicitations of the Topco s existing shareholders necessary or advisable to implement the Transaction, including providing any and all information reasonably required in connection therewith; (vii) to the extent any legal or structural impediment arises that would prevent, hinder, or delay the consummation of the Transaction, negotiate in good faith appropriate additional or alternative provisions to address any such impediment; (viii) consent to the releases set forth in Section 6 hereof; (ix) provide prompt written notice (in accordance with Section 22 hereof) to the Consenting First Lien Lenders, the Consenting Preferred Equityholders and Advent between the date hereof and the Closing Date of (A) receipt of any written notice from any Governmental Authority in connection with this Agreement or the Transaction; and (B) receipt of any written notice of any proceeding commenced, or, to the actual knowledge of the Company Parties, threatened against the Company Parties, that, if successful, would prevent or materially interfere with, delay, or impede the consummation of the Transaction; (x) without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise in the ordinary course of business consistent with Exhibit 10.1 

-14- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 past practice, each of the Company Parties shall not, without prior written consent of each of the Consenting Stakeholders, (A) amend its Organizational Documents, (B) combine or reclassify any shares of capital stock of the Topco or declare, set aside, or pay any dividend or other distribution in respect of the capital stock of the Company, or redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire or offer to redeem, repurchase, or otherwise acquire any Company equity securities, (C) issue, deliver or sell, or authorize the issuance, delivery or sale of, any Company equity securities or amend any term of any Company equity security, except, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with any grant under the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, expanded or supplemented from time to time), or (D) enter into an agreement to do any of the foregoing; (xi) from and after the date of this Agreement and during the TSA Support Period, operate the business of the Company and its subsidiaries in a manner determined by the Company to be reasonable and prudent given the circumstances existing at the time; and (xii) not designate any subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries under the Credit Agreement. 5. Conditions to Effectiveness of the Transaction. (a) Conditions to Closing. The closing of the Transaction and the obligations of the parties in connection therewith are subject to satisfaction of each of the following conditions: (i) (a) each Definitive Document and any other documentation necessary to consummate the Transaction (other than those documents permitted to be executed and delivered on a post-closing basis in accordance with the terms thereof) shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to, and have been executed and delivered by, each party thereto, provided, that, any provision of any Definitive Document which has an adverse effect on HPS or the Revolving Lenders shall be in form and substance satisfactory to HPS or the Required Revolving Lenders, as applicable, and (b) any conditions precedent related thereto shall have been satisfied or waived; (ii) this Agreement shall be in full force and effect; (iii) the conditions precedent to the Transaction Term Sheet and any Definitive Document shall have been satisfied or waived by the appropriate parties in accordance with their terms; (iv) the Company Parties shall have paid or reimbursed any and all reasonable and documented, fees and out-of-pocket expenses of (A) Milbank LLP, counsel to HPS, (B) Davis Polk Wardwell LLP, counsel to the Consenting Preferred Equityholders, (C) Ropes Gray LLP, counsel to Advent, and (D) Cahill Gordon Reindel LLP, counsel to Barclays and the Administrative Agent, in each case incurred pursuant to the representation of their respective client in connection with the negotiation, implementation, and closing of the Transaction; (v) approval by Topco stockholders of the Transaction and the other transactions contemplated by the Definitive Documents; and Exhibit 10.1 

-15- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 (vi) the Fees and Expenses as of such date shall be paid by the Company by wire transfer or immediately available funds. In addition, solely with respect to Barclays, the closing of the Transaction and the obligations of Barclays connection therewith are subject to the condition that each party to the Agreement Among Lenders shall have executed an amendment to the Agreement Among Lenders if required or reasonably requested by Barclays in connection with the Credit Agreement Amendment (which condition may be waived by Barclays). 6. Releases. (a) In consideration of the agreements of the Company, HPS, the Consenting Preferred Equityholders, Advent and Barclays contained herein and in the Definitive Documents, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, except with respect to the representations, warranties and/or covenants of the Company, HPS, the Consenting Preferred Equityholders, Advent and Barclays contained in the Definitive Documents and any other related transaction documents, (I) each Company Party, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives (the Company Releasing Parties ), hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges HPS, Barclays, each Consenting Preferred Equityholder, and Advent, and, in each case, its successors and assigns, and its present and former shareholders, direct and indirect owners, partners, members, managers, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants and other representatives, and all Persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them, and each solely in their capacity as such (the Company Released Parties ), (II) HPS, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives (the HPS Releasing Parties ), hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges each Company Party, Consenting Preferred Equityholders (solely in such equityholder s capacity as a Consenting Preferred Equityholder), Barclays and Advent, and, in each case, its successors and assigns, and its present and former shareholders, direct and indirect owners, partners, members, managers, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants and other representatives, and all Persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them, and each solely in their capacity as such (the HPS Released Parties ), (III) each Consenting Preferred Equityholder, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives (the Consenting Preferred Equityholder Releasing Parties ), hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges each Company Party, HPS, Barclays and Advent and, in each case, its successors and assigns, and its present and former shareholders, direct and indirect owners, partners, members, managers, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants and other representatives, and all Persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them, and each solely in their capacity as such (the Consenting Preferred Equityholder Released Parties ), (IV) Advent, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives (the Advent Releasing Parties ), hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges each Company Party, HPS, Barclays and each Consenting Preferred Equity Holder, and, in each case, its successors and assigns, and its present and former shareholders, direct and indirect owners, partners, members, Exhibit 10.1 

-16- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 managers, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants and other representatives, and all Persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them, and each solely in their capacity as such (the Advent Released Parties ), and (V) Barclays, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives (together with the Company Releasing Parties, the HPS Releasing Parties, the Consenting Preferred Equityholder Releasing Parties and the Advent Releasing Parties, the Releasing Parties (each of (I)-(V) in their capacities as such), hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges each Company Party, HPS, each Consenting Preferred Equity Holder and Advent, and, in each case, its successors and assigns, and its present and former shareholders, direct and indirect owners, partners, members, managers, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants and other representatives, and all Persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them, and each solely in their capacity as such (together with the Company Released Parties, the HPS Released Parties, the Consenting Preferred Equityholder Released Parties and the Advent Released Parties, each in their capacities as such, the Released Parties ), in each case, of and from all demands, actions, causes of action, suits, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, sums of money, accounts, bills, reckonings, damages and any and all other claims, counterclaims, defenses, recoupment, rights of setoff, demands and liabilities whatsoever (individually, a Claim and collectively, Claims of every name and nature, known or unknown, contingent or mature, suspected or unsuspected, both at law and in equity which any Releasing Party may now or hereafter own, hold, have or claim to have against the applicable Released Parties (as specified in this section 6(a)) or any of them for or on account of, or in relation to, or in any way in connection with the Company, the Company s subsidiaries, the Transaction, actions taken to consummate the Transaction or any of the transactions contemplated thereunder or related thereto, and entry into the Definitive Documents; provided, that, (i) the release set forth in this Section 6(a) shall not be effective unless the Closing Date shall have occurred and (ii) nothing in this Section 6(a) shall be construed to (x) release the Released Parties from any (1) gross negligence, willful misconduct, or actual fraud, in each case as determined by a final order of a court of competent jurisdiction where such order is not subject to appeal, (2) Claims that arise solely from or relate to acts or omissions occurring after the Closing Date, (3) liability arising from or in connection with any pending shareholder or derivative actions filed against the Company or any of its officers and directors or any pending SEC inquiry or demand for information, or (4) obligations under, or waive any right to enforce, the terms of the Definitive Documents; or (y) (1) impact any Parties rights, as applicable and if any, to enforce the terms of the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the indemnification provisions set forth therein, (2) constitute a waiver of any default or Event of Default arising thereunder or limit in any respect, any rights, remedies, powers, privileges and defenses that the Administrative Agent, the Consenting First Lien Lenders or any other lenders under the Credit Agreement have or may have arising as the result of any Default or Event of Default that has occurred or that may occur under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents or (3) waive or release any indemnification and other obligations that are expressly stated in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document as surviving that respective agreement s termination which shall remain in full force and effect. (b) Each Releasing Party understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an Exhibit 10.1 

-17- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release. Each Releasing Party agrees that no fact, event, circumstance, evidence or transaction which could now be asserted or which may hereafter be discovered shall affect in any manner the final, absolute and unconditional nature of the release set forth above. (c) In entering into this Agreement, each Releasing Party has consulted with, and has been represented by, legal counsel and expressly disclaims any reliance on any representations, acts or omissions by any of the Released Parties and hereby agrees and acknowledges that the validity and effectiveness of the release set forth above does not depend in any way on any such representations, acts and/or omissions or the accuracy, completeness or validity hereof. The release set forth herein shall survive the termination of this Agreement or the other agreements contemplated hereby. Each Releasing Party acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may not be changed, amended, waived, discharged or terminated orally. (d) For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the releases set forth in this Section 6 shall survive the termination of this Agreement but shall become effective only upon the closing of the Transaction. (e) References to Barclays in this Section 6 shall be a collective reference to Barclays Bank PLC in its capacity as Administrative Agent and Revolving Lender. 7. Transfer of Claims, Interests and Securities. (a) Except as otherwise provided in the Transaction Term Sheet, during the TSA Support Period, the Consenting Stakeholders agree, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, that each Consenting Stakeholder, severally and not jointly, shall not sell, transfer, loan, issue, participate, pledge, hypothecate, assign or otherwise dispose of or offer or contract to pledge, encumber, assign, sell or otherwise transfer (each, a Transfer ), directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, any of its Claims against or Interests in the Company or any option thereon or any right or interest therein, unless such Transfer is made to a Person that is or becomes party to this Agreement or is otherwise approved by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Consenting Stakeholders shall be permitted during the TSA Support Period to Transfer their Claims and Interests, as applicable, to their respective affiliates and managed funds and accounts without the consent of any other party, provided that any such affiliate or managed fund or accounts agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement; and (ii) the foregoing restriction shall not be applicable to transferees that are broker-dealers or trading desks in their capacity or to the extent of their holdings as a broker-dealer or market maker of claims engaged in market making or riskless back-to-back trades. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, except as otherwise provided in the Transaction Term Sheet, each of the Consenting Preferred Equityholders and Advent, severally and not jointly, agrees that such Consenting Preferred Equityholder or Advent shall not, during the TSA Support Period, Transfer, or contract to Transfer, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, any portion of its right, title, or interests in any of its shares, stock, or other equity interests in Topco, to the extent such action would impair any of the U.S. income tax attributes of Topco, Borrower, Holdings or any of their subsidiaries including, for the avoidance of doubt, under section Exhibit 10.1 

-18- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 382 of the Tax Code (or analogous provisions of state income tax law); provided, however, that, (1) with respect solely to this Section 7(b), upon receipt of written notice of any proposed Transfer or contract to Transfer of shares, stock or other equity interests in TopCo, the Company shall (x) evaluate in good faith such proposed Transfer or contract to Transfer and, within 15 business days of the receipt of such notice, advise the proposing party as to whether such Transfer would result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (and to the extent applicable, U.S. Department of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-92) when viewed in the aggregate with any other proposed Transfers and (2) if the Company does not, within 15 business days, advise such proposing party that such proposed Transfer would be expected to result in such an ownership change , such Transfer shall not be prohibited by this Section 7(b). 8. Termination of Agreement. (a) This Agreement shall terminate as to all Parties or, if such termination arises under Section 8(e)(i) and (iv), the applicable Party, upon the receipt of written notice to such Parties, delivered in accordance with Section 22 hereof, from the Company Parties at any time after and during the continuance of any Company Termination Event. (b) This Agreement shall terminate with respect to a Consenting Stakeholder upon delivery to the other Parties of written notice, delivered in accordance with Section 22 hereof, from such Consenting Stakeholder at any time after and during the continuance of a Consenting Stakeholder Termination Event; provided, this Agreement shall remain in effect with respect to each other non-terminating Consenting Stakeholder unless and until such other Consenting Stakeholder separately terminates this Agreement as to itself pursuant to this Section 8(b). (c) This Agreement shall terminate with respect to each of HPS and Barclays upon delivery to the other Parties of written notice, delivered in accordance with Section 22 hereof, from HPS or Barclays, as applicable, at any time after and during the continuance of a First Lien Termination Event. (d) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Section 8, (A) except with respect to a Consenting Stakeholder Termination Event occurring under clause (ix) of the definition thereof, no Party may terminate this Agreement on account of a Company Termination Event or Consenting Stakeholder Termination Event, as applicable, caused by such Party s failure to perform or comply in all material respects with the terms and conditions of this Agreement or where such Party is otherwise in breach of this Agreement (in each case unless such failure to perform, failure to comply, or breach arises from another Party s breach of this Agreement that would otherwise be a Company Termination Event or Consenting Stakeholder Termination Event, as applicable) and (B) solely with respect to the Consenting First Lien Lenders, if (i) any Default that is, in the good faith determination of the Company, incapable of being cured or (ii) an Event of Default shall occur under the Credit Agreement, a Consenting First Lien Lender may terminate this Agreement on account of a Consenting Stakeholder Termination Event. (e) A Company Termination Event shall mean any of the following: (i) with respect to the applicable Consenting Stakeholder only, the breach in any material respect by any of the Consenting Stakeholders of any of the undertakings, Exhibit 10.1 

-19- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 representations, warranties, or covenants set forth herein in any material respect that remains uncured for a period of five (5) business days after the receipt of written notice of such breach pursuant to Section 22 hereof (as applicable); (ii) the Special Committee, boards of directors, or members (as applicable) of the Company Parties reasonably determines in good faith based upon the advice of outside counsel that continued performance under this Agreement or pursuit of the Transaction would be inconsistent with the exercise of its fiduciary duties under applicable law; provided, however, that in the event a Company Party desires to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8(e)(ii) (such right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8(e)(ii), the Fiduciary Out ), the Company Party shall as soon as reasonably practicable but in no event less than one (1) day advance written notice to the Consenting First Lien Lenders, the Consenting Preferred Equityholders and Advent prior to the date such Company Party elects to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the Fiduciary Out advising the Consenting First Lien Lenders, the Consenting Preferred Equityholders and Advent that such Company Party intends to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the Fiduciary Out; (iii) the issuance by any Governmental Authority, including any regulatory authority or court of competent jurisdiction, of any ruling, judgment or order declaring this Agreement to be unenforceable, enjoining the consummation of a material portion of the Transaction or rendering illegal this Agreement or the Transaction, where such ruling, judgment or order has not been not stayed, reversed or vacated within twenty-five (25) calendar days after such issuance and where the Company has used commercially reasonable efforts to cause such ruling to be stayed, reversed, or vacated; (iv) if any Consenting Stakeholder (A) publicly announces their intention not to support the Transaction or (B) validly terminates this Agreement as to themselves pursuant to Section 8(b), in which case the Company can terminate as to such Consenting Stakeholder; (v) if the Definitive Documents shall not have been executed by the requisite parties by the Outside Signing Date; or (vi) if the Transaction shall not have been consummated by the Outside Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any of the dates or deadlines set forth in this Section 8 may be extended in writing by agreement of the Company, the Consenting First Lien Lenders, the Consenting Preferred Equityholders and Advent (email being sufficient), provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Outside Signing Date and Outside Closing Date shall only be extended in accordance with the terms of section 12 of this Agreement. (f) A Consenting Stakeholder Termination Event shall mean any of the following: (i) the material breach by any Company Party or another Consenting Stakeholder of (A) any covenant contained in this Agreement or (B) any other obligations of the Company Parties set forth in this Agreement, and, in each case, such breach remains uncured for Exhibit 10.1 

-20- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 a period of five (5) business days after receipt of written notice thereof pursuant to Section 22 hereof (as applicable); (ii) the representations or warranties made by the Company will have been untrue in any material respect when made; (iii) the representations or warranties made by any Consenting Stakeholder will have been untrue in any material respect when made; (iv) the Definitive Documents and any amendments, modifications, or supplements thereto include terms that are materially inconsistent with the Transaction Term Sheet and are not otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Consenting Stakeholders who have consent rights over the applicable Definitive Document in accordance with Section 2(b) hereof, and such event remains unremedied for a period of five (5) business days following the Company Parties receipt of notice pursuant to Section 22 hereof (as applicable); (v) the issuance by any Governmental Authority, including any regulatory authority or court of competent jurisdiction, of any ruling, judgment or order declaring this Agreement to be unenforceable, enjoining the consummation of the Transaction or rendering illegal this Agreement or the Transaction, and either (A) such ruling, judgment or order has been issued at the request of or with the acquiescence of a Company Party, or (B) in all other circumstances, such ruling, judgment or order has not been not stayed, reversed or vacated within twenty-five (25) calendar days after such issuance; (vi) if any Company Party (A) proposes, supports or agrees in writing to pursue (including, for the avoidance of doubt, as may be evidenced by a duly executed term sheet, letter of intent, or similar document) an Alternative Transaction, or (B) validly terminates this Agreement as to themselves pursuant to Section 8(b); (vii) [reserved]; (viii) if the Definitive Documents shall not have been executed by the requisite parties by the Outside Signing Date; (ix) if the Transaction shall not have been consummated on or before the Outside Closing Date; (x) solely with respect to the Consenting First Lien Lenders, a First Lien Termination Event; (xi) with respect to any Consenting Stakeholder other than the Consenting First Lien Lenders, obligations under the Credit Agreement shall have been accelerated and/or one or more lenders shall have exercised remedies thereof; or (xii) with respect to Advent, this Agreement is terminated by (i) any of the Consenting First Lien Lenders or (ii) Consenting Preferred Equityholders that collectively beneficially own or control more than 50 of all issued and outstanding Preferred Stock as of the date of such termination. Exhibit 10.1 

-21- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 (g) Mutual Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by mutual agreement of each Party upon the receipt of written notice delivered in accordance with Section 22 hereof. (h) Automatic Termination. This Agreement shall terminate automatically, without any further action required by any Party, upon: (i) the filing or commencement of any proceeding relating to any of the Company Parties under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation law of any jurisdiction, the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of any of the Company Parties or of any substantial part of their property; (ii) the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of any of the Company Parties or of any substantial part of their property; (iii) the making by any of the Company Parties of an assignment for the benefit of creditors or the admission by any of the Company Parties in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; and (iv) the occurrence of the Closing Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the termination events outlined in this Section 8 shall not survive the Closing Date. (i) Effect of Termination. Upon the termination of this Agreement as to a Party in accordance with this Section 8, if the Transaction has not been consummated, and except as provided in Section 16 hereof, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and of no further force or effect as to such Party and such Party shall, except as provided otherwise in this Agreement, be immediately released from its liabilities, forbearances, obligations, commitments, undertakings and agreements under or related to this Agreement and shall have all the rights and remedies that it would have had and shall be entitled to take all actions, whether with respect to the Transaction or otherwise, that it would have been entitled to take had it not entered into this Agreement, including all rights and remedies available to it under applicable law and any applicable agreements (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Loan Documents); provided, however, that, in no event shall any such termination relieve a Party from liability for its breach or non- performance of its obligations hereunder prior to the date of such termination. (j) If the Transaction has not been consummated prior to the date of termination of this Agreement, nothing herein shall be construed as a waiver by any Party of any or all of such Party s rights and the Parties expressly reserve any and all of their respective rights. Pursuant to Federal Rule of Evidence 408 and any other applicable rules of evidence, this Agreement and all negotiations relating hereto shall not be admissible into evidence in any proceeding other than a proceeding to enforce its terms. Exhibit 10.1 

-22- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 9. Definitive Documents; Good Faith Cooperation; Further Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions described herein, during the TSA Support Period, each Company Party, severally and jointly, and each Consenting Stakeholder, severally but not jointly, hereby covenants and agrees to reasonably cooperate with the other Parties in good faith in connection with, and shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts with respect to the pursuit, approval, implementation, and consummation of the Transaction pursuant to the Transaction Term Sheet, as well as the negotiation, drafting, execution (to the extent such Party is a party thereto), and delivery of the Definitive Documents. Furthermore, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, during the TSA Support Period each Consenting Stakeholder, severally but not jointly, shall each use reasonable efforts to take such action as may be reasonably necessary or reasonably requested by the other Parties to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement, including the making and filing of any required regulatory filings, and shall each refrain from taking any action that would frustrate the purpose and intent of this Agreement; provided, that, (x) any obligation, other than with respect to the commitment obligations in connection with the New Money Financing, arising under this Section 9 shall not require any Consenting Stakeholder to, directly or indirectly, incur any non de minimis cost, expense, liability, or Claim and (y) for the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything herein or the Transaction Term Sheet to the contrary, in no instance shall any Definitive Document cause, require, or in any way permit any Company Party or any of their affiliates to amend, modify, impair, or in any way alter any indemnification or contribution agreement, undertaking, or obligation in favor of any Advent Released Party currently in place as of the date hereof. 10. Representations and Warranties. (a) Each Consenting Stakeholder, severally and not jointly, and each Company Party, severally and jointly, represent and warrant to the other Parties that the following statements are true, correct and complete as of the date hereof: (i) such Party is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, and has all requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar authority to enter into this Agreement and carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and perform its obligations contemplated hereunder, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of such Party s obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability company, partnership or other similar action on its part; (ii) the execution, delivery and performance by such Party of this Agreement does not and will not (A) violate any material provision of law, rule or regulation applicable to it or, as applicable, any of its subsidiaries or its charter or bylaws (or other similar governing documents) or those of any of its subsidiaries or (B) conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any material contractual obligation to which it or, as applicable, any of its subsidiaries is a party, other than any default contemplated by the Transaction; Exhibit 10.1 

-23- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 (iii) the execution, delivery and performance by such Party of this Agreement does not and will not require any registration or filing with, consent or approval of, or notice to, or other action, with or by, any federal, state or Governmental Authority or regulatory body; (iv) this Agreement is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability; (v) such Party (A) is a sophisticated party with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, (B) has adequate information concerning the matters that are the subject of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, (C) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters of this type that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of entering into this Agreement and of making an informed investment decision, and has independently and without reliance upon any warranty or representation by, or information from, any other Party or any officer, employee, agent or representative thereof, of any sort, oral or written, except the warranties and representations expressly set forth in this Agreement, and based on such information as such Party has deemed appropriate, made its own analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and the transaction contemplated hereby, and (D) acknowledges that it has entered into this Agreement voluntarily and of its own choice and not under coercion or duress; (vi) with respect to the Company, such Party is not aware of the occurrence of any event, fact or circumstance that, due to any fiduciary or similar duty to any other Person, would prevent it from taking any action required of it under this Agreement; and (vii) such Party is not currently engaged in any discussions, negotiations or other arrangements with respect to any Alternative Transaction. (b) Each Consenting First Lien Lender, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to the other Parties that such Consenting First Lien Lender is the beneficial owner of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable, set forth below its name on the signature page hereto, free and clear of any restrictions on transfer, liens, or options, warrants, purchase rights, contracts, commitments, claims, demands, and other encumbrances and does not own any other First Lien Loans, and/or (B) has sole investment and/or voting discretion and/or authority to vote on and provide consent or waivers with respect to such Term Loans or Revolving Loans. (c) Each Consenting Preferred Equityholder, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to the other Parties that, as of the date hereof, each Consenting Preferred Equityholder (i) is the owner of the number of shares of Preferred Stock set forth below its name on the signature page hereto, free and clear of any restrictions on transfer, liens or options, warrants, purchase rights, contracts, commitments, claims, demands, and other encumbrances and does not own any other existing equity interests and (ii) has (A) sole investment or voting discretion with respect thereto, and (B) full power and authority to vote on and consent to matters concerning such equity interests or to exchange, assign, and transfer such equity interests. Exhibit 10.1 

-24- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 (d) Advent, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to the other Parties that, as of the date hereof, Advent (i) is the owner of the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below its name on the signature page hereto, free and clear of any restrictions on transfer, liens or options, warrants, purchase rights, contracts, commitments, claims, demands, and other encumbrances and does not own any other existing equity interests and (ii) has (A) sole investment or voting discretion with respect thereto, and (B) full power and authority to vote on and consent to matters concerning such equity interests or to exchange, assign, and transfer such equity interests. (e) Each Consenting Stakeholder represents and warrants to the other Parties that it (i) is an accredited investor (as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act), (ii) understands that any securities to be acquired by it (if any) pursuant to the Transaction have not been registered under the Securities Act and that such securities are being offered and sold pursuant to the exemption from registration pursuant to Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, based in part upon such Consenting Stakeholder s representations, as applicable, contained in this Agreement and cannot be sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available, (iii) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that such Consenting Stakeholder is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the securities to be acquired by it (if any) pursuant to the Transaction and understands and is able to bear any economic risks with such investment, (iv) is acquiring any securities to be acquired by it (if any) pursuant to the Transaction for its own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view to any distribution thereof that would not otherwise comply with the Securities Act and (v) did not decide to acquire any securities to be acquired by it (if any) pursuant to the Transaction as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. (f) Each Consenting Crossholder, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to the other Parties that such Consenting Crossholder is the beneficial owner of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans set forth below its name on the signature page hereto, free and clear of any restrictions on transfer, liens, or options, warrants, purchase rights, contracts, commitments, claims, demands, and other encumbrances and does not own any other Term Loans, and/or has sole investment and/or voting discretion and/or authority to vote on and provide consent or waivers with respect to such Term Loans. 11. Disclosure; Publicity. The Company Parties shall submit drafts to counsel to the Consenting Stakeholders, respectively, of any press release or other public statements that constitute disclosure of the existence or terms of this Agreement or any amendment to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise announcing the Transaction or relating to the Transaction at least two (2) business days prior to disclosure, or if such submission two business days prior to disclosure is not possible, as soon as reasonably practicable prior to disclosure. Except as required by applicable law, subpoena, or other legal process or regulation, and notwithstanding any provision of any other agreement between the Company and any Consenting Stakeholder to the contrary (other than in the Credit Agreement), no Party or its advisors shall disclose to any person (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other Consenting Stakeholder), other than advisors to the Company, the principal amount or percentage of any debt or equity holdings of any Consenting Stakeholder without such Exhibit 10.1 

-25- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 Consenting Stakeholder s prior written consent; provided, however, that (a) if such disclosure is required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or regulation, the disclosing Party shall, to the extent permitted by law, afford the relevant Consenting Stakeholder a reasonable opportunity to review and comment in advance of such disclosure and shall take commercially reasonable measures to limit such disclosure (the expense of which, if any, shall be borne by the relevant Consenting Stakeholder), (b) the foregoing shall not prohibit the disclosure of the aggregate percentage or aggregate principal amount of indebtedness or equity securities, as applicable, collectively held by the Consenting Stakeholders, (c) nothing in this Section 11 shall constitute a waiver or modification of any provision of those certain Confidentiality Agreements entered into between the Company and each Consenting Preferred Equityholder, and (d) nothing in this Section 11 shall prohibit any disclosures by HPS, Barclays or the Administrative Agent to any person to the extent such disclosure is permitted by the Credit Agreement, the Agreement Among Lenders or any other Loan Document. Notwithstanding the provisions in this Section 11, any Party may disclose, to the extent consented to in writing by a Consenting Stakeholder, such Consenting Stakeholder s individual holdings. 12. Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement, including any exhibits or schedules hereto, may not be waived, modified, amended or supplemented except with the written consent of (i) the Company Parties, (ii) HPS, (iii) each of the Consenting Preferred Equityholders, provided that, with respect to Consenting Preferred Equityholders in the case of this clause (iii), any extension to the Outside Closing Date to a date no later than August 31, 2023 shall only require the written consent of Consenting Preferred Equityholders that collectively beneficially own or control more than at least 75 of all issued and outstanding Preferred Stock as of the date of such extension, and (iv) Advent and (v) Barclays (including in its capacity as Administrative Agent with respect to Section 11, Section 27 and Section 28), and any waiver, modification, amendment or supplement to this Section 12 shall require the written consent of all of the Parties provided, that this Agreement may not be amended in a manner adverse to any Released Party with respect to the releases governed by Section 6 hereof without such Released Party s prior written consent. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement shall not modify or amend Section 9.02 of the Credit Agreement. 13. Effectiveness; Effect on Credit Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective and binding on all Parties on the Support Effective Date. The Credit Agreement, the Agreement Among Lenders and the other Loan Documents remain in full force and effect, except as expressly modified hereby. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations of the Loan Parties outstanding under the Credit Agreement or instruments securing the same, which obligations shall remain in full force and effect, except as expressly modified hereby. Nothing express or implied in this Agreement shall be construed as a release or other discharge of the Loan Parties from any of their obligations or liabilities under any Loan Document, and such obligations and liabilities shall remain in full force and effect, except as expressly modified hereby. Exhibit 10.1 

-26- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 14. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial (a) This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the Parties shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Parties irrevocably agrees that any legal action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought by any Party or its successors or assigns shall be brought and determined in any federal or state court in the Borough of Manhattan in the State of New York, and, in the event the Company becomes the subject of any bankruptcy cases under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code, the presiding bankruptcy court, and each of the Parties hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts for itself and with respect to its property, generally and unconditionally, with regard to any such proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Transaction. Each of the Parties agrees not to commence any proceeding relating hereto or thereto except in the courts described above, other than proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction to enforce any judgment, decree or award rendered by any such court as described herein. Each of the Parties further agrees that notice as provided herein shall constitute sufficient service of process and the Parties further waive any argument that such service is insufficient. Each of the Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion or as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Transaction, (i) any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in New York as described herein for any reason, (ii) that it or its property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise) and (iii) that (A) the proceeding in any such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (B) the venue of such proceeding is improper or (C) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts. (b) EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY (I) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (II) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 15. Specific Performance/Remedies. It is understood and agreed by the Parties that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by any Party and each non-breaching Party shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief. Each Party also agrees Exhibit 10.1 

-27- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 that it will not seek, and will waive any requirement for, the securing or posting of a bond in connection with any Party seeking or obtaining such relief. 16. Survival. Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8 hereof, the agreements and obligations of the Parties in this Section 16, and Sections 6, 8(i), 8(j), 10, 11, 14, 15, 17, 18, 19, 20, and 24 shall survive such termination and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms hereof; provided, however, that any liability of a Party for failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement shall survive such termination. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company's obligations to pay accrued and unpaid Fees and Expenses incurred in connection with the Transaction prior to the Company's exercise of the Fiduciary Out shall survive termination of this Agreement. 17. Headings The headings of the sections, paragraphs and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation hereof or, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Agreement. 18. Successors and Assigns; Severability; Several Obligations. This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, and executors. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of any such provision to any Person or circumstance, shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision or part thereof and the remaining part of such provision hereof and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any Party. Upon any such determination of invalidity, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a reasonably acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. The agreements, representations and obligations of the Parties are, in all respects, ratable and several and neither joint nor joint and several. 19. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Unless expressly stated herein, this Agreement shall be solely for the benefit of the Parties (and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, and executors) and no other Person shall be a third-party beneficiary hereof; provided, that with respect to any Released Party, such Released Party shall be, and is deemed to be, a third-party beneficiary with respect to the releases granted pursuant to Section 6 hereof. 20. Prior Negotiations; Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the exhibits and schedules hereto (including the Transaction Term Sheet) constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties, and supersedes all other prior negotiations, with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, except that the Parties Exhibit 10.1 

-28- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 acknowledge that any confidentiality agreements (if any) heretofore executed between the Company Parties, on the one hand, and each Consenting Stakeholder, on the other hand, as applicable, shall continue in full force and effect; provided, that, in the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the Transaction Term Sheet, the Transaction Term Sheet shall control in all respects. 21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement, with the effect as if all Parties had signed the same agreement. Execution copies of this Agreement may be delivered by electronic mail in portable document format (pdf), which shall be deemed to be an original for the purposes of this paragraph. 22. Notices. All notices hereunder shall be deemed given if in writing and delivered, if contemporaneously sent by electronic mail, by overnight courier or by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) to the following addresses: (a) If to the Company Parties: ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. 790 Remington Blvd Bolingbrook, IL 60440 Attention: Erik Kantz Email: Erik.Kantz@atipt.com With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Weil, Gotshal Manges LLP 767 Fifth Avenue New York, NY 10153 Attention: Ray C. Schrock, P.C. Natasha S. Hwangpo Email: Ray.Schrock@weil.com Natasha.Hwangpo@weil.com (b) If to HPS: HPS Investment Partners, LLC 40 West 57th Street New York, NY US 10019 Attn: Aman Malik with a copy to: Milbank LLP 55 Hudson Yards New York, NY US 10001-2163 Exhibit 10.1 

-29- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 Attention: John Britton Email: jbritton@milbank.com (c) If to the Consenting Preferred Equityholders: Davis Polk Wardwell LLP 450 Lexington Ave New York, NY 10017 Attention: Brian Resnick Email: brian.resnick@davispolk.com (d) If to Barclays: Cahill Gordon Reindel LLP 32 Old Slip New York, NY 10005 Attention: David Barash Email: dbarash@cahill.com (e) If to Advent: Ropes Gray LLP 191 N Upper Wacker Drive 32nd Floor Chicago, IL 60606 Attention: Ryan Preston Dahl Email: Ryan.Dahl@ropesgray.com Any notice given by delivery, mail or courier shall be effective when received. Any notice given by electronic mail shall be effective upon transmission. 23. Joinder. One or more additional Persons may become party hereto after the date of this Agreement by executing and delivering a Joinder Agreement to the Company. Immediately upon the execution and delivery of a Joinder Agreement (and without any further action), each such additional Person will be bound by the terms of this Agreement and deemed to be a (i) Consenting Stakeholder and (ii) a Party for all purposes under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Person that executes a Joinder Agreement shall have all of the rights and obligations of a Consenting Stakeholder of the applicable class of Consenting Stakeholder hereunder. 24. Reservation of Rights; No Admission. (a) Nothing contained herein shall limit the ability of any Party to consult with other Parties so long as such consultation or appearance is consistent with such Party s obligations hereunder. Exhibit 10.1 

-30- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 (b) Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing herein is intended to, or does, in any manner waive, limit, impair, or restrict the ability of each of the Parties to protect and preserve its rights, remedies, and interests, including its Claims against any of the other Parties (or their respective affiliates or subsidiaries). This Agreement, including the Transaction Term Sheet, is part of a proposed settlement of matters that could otherwise be the subject of litigation among the Parties. Pursuant to Rule 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence and any other applicable rules of evidence, and any other applicable law, foreign or domestic, this Agreement and all negotiations relating hereto shall not be admissible into evidence in any proceeding other than a proceeding to enforce its terms. This Agreement shall in no event be construed as or be deemed to be evidence of an admission or concession on the part of any Party of any claim or fault or liability or damages whatsoever. Each of the Parties denies any and all wrongdoing or liability of any kind and does not concede any infirmity in the claims or defenses which it has asserted or could assert. 25. No Offer; Representation by Counsel; Adequate Information. (a) This Agreement is not and shall not be deemed an offer with respect to the issue or sale of securities to any person or entity, or the solicitation of an offer to acquire or buy securities, in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. (b) Each Party acknowledges that it has had an opportunity to receive information from the Company Parties and that it has been, or is part of a group that has been, or has had an opportunity to be, represented by counsel in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would provide any Party with a defense to the enforcement of the terms of this Agreement against such Party based upon lack of legal counsel shall have no application and is expressly waived. 26. Time is of the Essence. The Parties acknowledge and agree that time is of the essence and that they must each use commercially reasonable efforts to effectuate and consummate the Transaction as soon as reasonably practicable. 27. Administrative Agent. Barclays, as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement, hereby agrees, at the direction of (i) HPS, representing the Required Term Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement), and (ii) Barclays, in its capacity as a Lender and representing the Required Revolving Lenders (in each case as such terms are defined in the Credit Agreement), to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement on the Closing Date so long as such Intercreditor Agreement is reasonably acceptable to Barclays in its capacity as Administrative Agent. 28. Administrative Agent Direction; Indemnity; Release. Barclays, as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement, makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that Barclays Bank PLC is acknowledging this Agreement in its capacity as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement pursuant to direction from the Consenting Stakeholders signatory hereto and the Borrower with respect to Section 27 of this Agreement only. In Exhibit 10.1 

-31- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 connection with the foregoing, the Consenting Stakeholders and the Borrower hereto acknowledge and agree that the terms of Article 8 and Article 9 of the Credit Agreement shall apply to the acknowledgment by the Administrative Agent of this Agreement and any action taken by the Administrative Agent in furtherance of this Agreement and the transactions described herein. [Signature Pages to Follow] Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and, as applicable, delivered by their respective duly authorized officers, solely in their respective capacities as officers of the undersigned and not in any other capacity, as of the date first set forth above. ATI PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC. By:____________________________ Name: Joseph Jordan Title: Chief Financial Officer ATI HOLDINGS ACQUISITION, INC. By:____________________________ Name: Joseph Jordan Title: Chief Financial Officer WILCO INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC. By:____________________________ Name: Joseph Jordan Title: Chief Financial Officer DocuSign Envelope ID: C267CFC5-30A2-4898-9EF0-A76FDBC50EFA Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] Subsidiary Guarantors: ATI HOLDINGS OF ALABAMA, LLC IDEAL PHYSICAL THERAPY OF TEXAS, LLC ATI HOLDINGS, INC. TOUCHSTONE HOLDCO LLC ATI HOLDINGS MISSOURI, LLC PROAXIS THERAPY, LLC ADIENT ALASKA, LLC ATI OF NEVADA AT DESERT VALLEY THERAPY, LLC ATI HOLDINGS OF ARIZONA, LLC ATI HOLDINGS, LLC ATHLETIC THERAPEUTIC INSTITUTE OF BOLINGBROOK, LLC ATHLETIC THERAPEUTIC INSTITUTE OF NAPERVILLE, LLC ATHLETIC THERAPEUTIC INSTITUTE OF MILWAUKEE, LLC ATHLETIC THERAPEUTIC INSTITUTE OF BOURBONNAIS, LLC OHIO CENTERS FOR HAND AND PHYSICAL REHABILITATION, LLC ADVANCED PHYSICAL THERAPY, LLC COMMUNITY REHAB OF IOWA, LLC PERFORMANCE REHABILITATION OF WESTERN NEW ENGLAND, LLC MICHIGAN REHABILITATION SPECIALISTS OF FOWLERVILLE, LLC QUANTUM PHYSICAL THERAPY CENTERS YPSILANTI LLC COMMUNITY REHAB, LLC NEW CENTURY REHABILITATION, LLC PHYSICAL THERAPY AT DAWN, LLC ERHARDT PHYSICAL THERAPY AND SPORTS MEDICINE, LLC WILLAMETTE SPINE CENTER PHYSICAL THERAPY AND REHABILITATION, LLC MCMINNVILLE PHYSICAL THERAPY SPORTS MEDICINE, LLC PROAXIS GREENVILLE, LLC PROAXIS THERAPY NC, LLC PROAXIS THERAPY SC, LLC MCM REHABILITATION, LLC APPLE PHYSICAL THERAPY, LLC By: ____________________________ Name: Joseph Jordan Title: Chief Financial Officer DocuSign Envelope ID: 50FE94F9-759A-4322-85A7-018672A932FC Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] HPS INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LLC By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] HPS SPECIALTY LOAN FUND V, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 58,200,172.81 HPS SPECIALTY LOAN FUND V-L, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 60.63 SLIF V HOLDINGS, LLC By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 29,923,116.81 HPS SPECIALTY LOAN EUROPE FUND V, SCSP By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 10,924,153.86 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] HPS SPECIALTY LOAN ONTARIO FUND V, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 6,972,864.15 HPS SPECIALTY LOAN MASTER FUND (EUR) V L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 4,365,633.53 MORENO STREET DIRECT LENDING FUND, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 5,410,873.75 SPECIALTY LOAN VG FUND, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 2,806,480.28 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] FALCON CREDIT FUND, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 1,326,699.76 SAFETY NATIONAL CASUALTY CORPORATION By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, as Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 4,066,996.61 HALITE 2020 DIRECT LIMITED By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 10,180,381.67 HC DIRECT LENDING FUND, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 6,062,603.65 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] HPS OCOEE SPECIALTY LOAN FUND, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 5,926,934.54 HPS ELBE UNLEVERED DIRECT LENDING FUND SCSP By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Portfolio Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 4,546,952.72 HPS SPECIALTY LOAN FUND TX, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 9,320,395.10 PHILADELPHIA INDEMNITY INSURANCE COMPANY By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, as Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 1,161,999.02 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] BUILD PRIVATE CREDIT, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, as Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 580,999.52 HPS CORPORATE LENDING FUND By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 40,675,040.90 CACTUS DIRECT HOLDINGS, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 15,194,400.38 SLF CX-2 HOLDINGS, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 7,624,027.22 BRICKYARD DIRECT HOLDINGS, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 3,046,458.34 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] SLF V INTERNATIONAL-L HOLDINGS, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 18,416,856.64 SLF V-L HOLDINGS, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 16,016,087.89 SLF V-L HOLDINGS B, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 16,016,027.26 SLF V INTERNATIONAL-L HOLDINGS B, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 18,416,856.65 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] PRESIDIO LOAN HOLDINGS, L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 3,827,018.54 VG HPS PRIVATE DEBT FUND L.P. By: HPS Investment Partners, LLC, its Investment Manager By: Name: Aman Malik Title: Managing Director Principal Amount of Term Loans: 27,380,938.38 Exhibit 10.1 

Exhibit 10.1 

KNIGHTHEAD ANNUITY LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY By: Knighthead Capital Management, LLC, its investment advisor +-t-j \ By: \JVi:::_A ----- ----- Name: Laura Torrado Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 17,866,077.93 Shares of Preferred Stock: 14,755 Amount of New Money Financing commitment: 5,304,456.00 Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 17,866,077.93 Exhibit 10.1 

KNIGHTHEAD DISTRESSED OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P. By: Knighthead Capital Management, LLC, its investment manager By: t lli Name ura Torrado Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: Shares of Preferred Stock: 19,232 Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: Exhibit 10.1 

KNIGHTHEAD MASTER FUND, L.P. By: Knighthead Capital Management, LLC, its investment manager By:_@___:__:,c:._, ---- ----- Name: Laura Torrado Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 17,412,801.02 Shares of Preferred Stock: 32,116 Amount of New Money Financing commitment: 5,169,898.00 Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 17,412,801.02 Exhibit 10.1 

KNIGHTHEAD (NY) FUND, L.P. By: Knighthead Capital Management, LLC, its investment advisor Byf{tl Name: Laura Torrado Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 5,138,548.68 Shares of Preferred Stock: 9,477 Amount of New Money Financing commitment: 1,525,646.00 Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 5,138,548.68 Exhibit 10.1 

ONEX CAPITAL SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, LP By: Onex Capital Solutions GP, LP, its general partner By: Onex Capital Solutions GP, LLC, its general partner By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 8,841,296.99 Shares of Preferred Stock: 22,145.30 Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 8,841,296.99 Exhibit 10.1 

ONEX SENIOR CREDIT II, LP By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, its investment manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 816,430.64 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 317,835.79 Exhibit 10.1 

Onex Senior Credit Fund, LP. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC its investment manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 7,571,181.66 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 2,947,454.88 Exhibit 10.1 

OCM Loan Holdings LLC By: Onex Credit Management LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 240,483.28 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 93,619.95 Exhibit 10.1 

Gore Mutual Insurance Company By: Onex Credit Management LLC, as Investment Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 213,201.57 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 82,999.20 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2014-5, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 915,453.17 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 356,385.18 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2014-6, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 2,249,195.10 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 875,609.83 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2015-9, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 950,818.36 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 370,152.81 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2015-10, Ltd. By: By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 953,849.66 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 371,332.90 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2016-12, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 1,666,106.59 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 648,613.94 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2017-14, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 1,424,711.88 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 554,639.18 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2018-15, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 1,424,711.88 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 554,639.18 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2019-16, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 1,186,249.47 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 461,805.96 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2019-17, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 1,191,301.64 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 463,772.76 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2020-8R, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 834,618.45 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 324,916.29 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2020-18, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 953,849.66 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 371,332.90 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2020-19, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 1,191,301.64 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 463,772.76 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2021-22, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 1,310,532.85 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 510,189.37 Exhibit 10.1 

OCP CLO 2022-25, Ltd. By: Onex Credit Partners, LLC, as Portfolio Manager By:____________________________ Name: Steven Gutman Title: General Counsel Principal Amount of Term Loans: 1,427,833.73 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 555,854.51 Exhibit 10.1 

MAM PT LLC By:____________________________ Name: Title: Principal Amount of Term Loans: Shares of Preferred Stock: 45,590 Amount of New Money Financing commitment: Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: Exhibit 10.1 

MARATHON DISTRESSED CREDIT MASTER FUND By:____________________________ Name: Title: Principal Amount of Term Loans: 34,112,249.81 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: 6,752,000 Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 34,112,250 Exhibit 10.1 

MARATHON STEPSTONE MASTER FUND LP By:____________________________ Name: Title: Principal Amount of Term Loans: 2,738,275.98 Shares of Preferred Stock: Amount of New Money Financing commitment: 542,400 Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 2,738,276 Exhibit 10.1 

MCSP Sub, LLC By:____________________________ Name: Title: Principal Amount of Term Loans: 3,566,831.83 Shares of Preferred Stock: 4,410 Amount of New Money Financing commitment: 705,600 Amount of Preferred Equity Held Term Loans to be exchanged for New Second Lien PIK Convertible Notes: 3,566,832 Exhibit 10.1 

CASPIAN CAPITAL L.P. in its capacity as manager, advisor, sub-advisor or similar capacity on behalf of certain funds and accounts By:____________________________ Name: Dominick Cromartie Title: Authorized Signatory Shares of Preferred Stock: 19,420 Shares of Preferred Stock Per Caspian Fund Caspian PT Holdings LLC: 10,704 Caspian Solitude Master Fund, L.P.: 1,353 Caspian HLSC1, LLC: 1,072 Caspian SC Holdings, L.P.: 849 Spring Creek Capital, LLC: 2,403 Blackstone Alternative Multi-Strategy Fund IV L.L.C. II: 1,516 Blackstone Alternative Multi-Strategy Fund IV L.L.C. IIA: 1,523 Amount of New Money Financing Total: 5,000,000.00 Amount of New Money Financing Per Caspian Fund Caspian Select Credit Master Fund, Ltd.: 1,826,725.03 Caspian Solitude Master Fund, L.P.: 348,352.21 Caspian HLSC1, LLC: 276,004.12 Caspian SC Holdings, L.P.: 218,589.08 Spring Creek Capital, LLC: 618,692,07 Caspian Focused Opportunities Fund, L.P.: 413,491.25 Caspian Keystone Focused Fund, L.P.: 515,705.46 Blackstone Alternative Multi-Strategy Fund IV L.L.C. II: 390,319.26 Blackstone Alternative Multi-Strategy Fund IV L.L.C. IIA: 392,121.52 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] Restricted - External Acknowledged pursuant to the direction in Section 28: BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Administrative Agent By:____________________________ Name: Ronnie Glenn Title: Director Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] Restricted - External BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Revolving Lender By:____________________________ Name: Ronnie Glenn Title: Director Principal Amount of Revolving Loans: 30,000,000 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] ADVENT INTERNATIONAL GPE VII LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: GPE VII GP S. r.l., General Partner By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, _____________________________ Manager Justin Nuccio By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 11,324,692 ADVENT INTERNATIONAL GPE VII-B LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: GPE VII GP S. r.l., General Partner By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, _____________________________ Manager Justin Nuccio By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 30,970,374 Exhibit 10.1 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] ADVENT INTERNATIONAL GPE VII-C LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: GPE VII GP S. r.l., General Partner By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, ____________________________ Manager Justin Nuccio By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 9,845,475 ADVENT INTERNATIONAL GPE VII-D LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: GPE VII GP S. r.l., General Partner By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, ____________________________ Manager Justin Nuccio By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 6,777,137 Exhibit 10.1 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] ADVENT INTERNATIONAL GPE VII-F LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: GPE VII GP S. r.l., General Partner By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, ____________________________ Manager Justin Nuccio By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 2,873,509 ADVENT INTERNATIONAL GPE VII-G LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: GPE VII GP S. r.l., General Partner By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, ____________________________ Manager Justin Nuccio By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 2,873,509 Exhibit 10.1 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] ADVENT INTERNATIONAL GPE VII-A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: GPE VII GP Limited Partnership, General Partner By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 10,481,755 ADVENT INTERNATIONAL GPE VII-E LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: GPE VII GP Limited Partnership, General Partner By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 22,316,206 Exhibit 10.1 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] ADVENT INTERNATIONAL GPE VII-H LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: GPE VII GP Limited Partnership, General Partner By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 1,743,884 ADVENT PARTNERS GPE VII LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 45,267 Exhibit 10.1 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] ADVENT PARTNERS GPE VII CAYMAN LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 806,132 ADVENT PARTNERS GPE VII-A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 107,151 Exhibit 10.1 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] ADVENT PARTNERS GPE VII-A CAYMAN LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 212,875 ADVENT PARTNERS VII-B CAYMAN LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 1,063,662 Exhibit 10.1 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] ADVENT PARTNERS GPE VII 2014 LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 65,045 ADVENT PARTNERS GPE VII 2014 CAYMAN LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 155,782 Exhibit 10.1 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] ADVENT PARTNERS GPE VII-A 2014 LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 179,333 ADVENT PARTNERS GPE VII-A 2014 CAYMAN LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 109,904 Exhibit 10.1 Exhibit 10.1 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT] GPE VII ATI CO-INVESTMENT (DELAWARE) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: Advent International GPE VII, LLC, General Partner By: Advent International Corporation, Manager By:____________________________ Name: Amanda McGrady Morrison Title: Chief Legal Officer Shares of Common Stock: 13,878,964 Exhibit 10.1 Exhibit 10.1 

WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 Exhibit A Transaction Term Sheet Exhibit 10.1 

Final Version SUMMARY OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NEW MONEY FINANCING AND AMENDMENTS TO THE EXISTING ATI CREDIT AGREEMENT This term sheet summarizes the principal economic terms of a new money financing to ATI Physical Therapy Inc. Topco and certain amendments and waivers to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and among ATI Holdings Acquisition, Inc. (the Borrower ), Wilco Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Holdings ), the lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent and HPS Investment Partners, LLC HPS ), as Lender Representative (as amended or modified from time to time, the Existing Credit Facility ). The transaction contemplated herein is subject to, among other things, negotiation and execution of mutually acceptable definitive documentation. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Existing Credit Facility. References to Barclays herein shall mean Barclays Bank PLC in its capacity as a Revolving Lender under the Existing Credit Facility. I. New Money Financing Commitment by Preferred Equityholders Commitment to provide a delayed draw new money financing (the New Money Financing in an aggregate principal amount equal to 25.0 million in the form of new second lien PIK exchangeable notes (the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes on the terms described below. Draws under the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes will be available during the period beginning on the date of the closing of the Transactions (as defined below) and ending on the date that is 18 months after such closing, in up to two draws of 12.5 million subject to, for each such draw, (a) projected liquidity within the 6 month period following the date of the relevant draw being below either (i) 20 million or (ii) the prevailing minimum liquidity covenant level and (b) the consent of the board of directors of Topco; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Company may draw 25 million under the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes in a single draw during such 18 month period. Proceeds of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes shall be used solely for working capital purposes of the Loan Parties. The commitment for the New Money Financing shall be provided by certain holders (the Preferred Equityholders of the Series A preferred stock of Topco (the Preferred Topco Stock as provided in the Transaction Support Agreement. II. Treatment of Term Loans held by Preferred Equityholders 100.0 million of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans held by certain of the Preferred Equityholders or their Affiliates under the Existing Credit Facility in such amounts as to each such Preferred Equityholder as specified in the Transaction Support Agreement shall be exchanged for second lien debt in the form of additional New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes (the Preferred Equity Held Term Loan Exchange ). III. Terms of New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes The terms and conditions of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes will be reasonably satisfactory to the Preferred Equityholders, Barclays, the Administrative Agent, HPS, each Sponsor who provides New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes, and the Borrower and shall, without limitation, include the following: (a) the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes will bear interest at a rate equal to 8.00 per annum, payable quarterly in kind in the form of additional New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes and shall contain no amortization; provided that, upon the request of the Borrower or Topco, the last interest accrual period shall be extended by up to six months; Exhibit 10.1 

2 (b) the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes shall have substantially similar terms (provided that such terms shall reflect the payment and lien subordination of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes to the Existing Credit Facility, shall be consistent with the Intercreditor Agreement, shall contain customary cushions to the Existing Credit Facility and shall not contain financial covenants) and the same Loan Parties and Collateral as the Existing Credit Facility and shall be subordinated in right of payment and lien priority to the Existing Credit Facility subject to an intercreditor and subordination agreement, the material terms of which are set forth in the intercreditor term sheet annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Intercreditor Term Sheet and such agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement (c) the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes shall have a maturity date occurring at least 6 months after the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date under the Existing Credit Facility; (d) the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes will be exchangeable, at the option of the holders thereof, into shares Class A common stock of Topco at a fixed price of 0.25; (e) prior to exchange, the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes will have voting rights on an as-exchanged basis, as if exchanged into common stock; provided that if the voting rights afforded to holders of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes prior to exchange (as contemplated by clause (e) above) are capped under applicable NYSE listing rules in a manner that would result in a holder of a New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Note having less voting power immediately prior to an exchange than such holder would have immediately following such exchange, the Borrower and Topco shall take any and all such other steps as are lawful and necessary to provide the holders of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes with the voting rights they would have been afforded under clause (e) above but for such NYSE listing rule limitations (such voting rights, the Equivalent Voting Rights ), including without limitation by (x) amending, supplementing, modifying or otherwise altering the terms of the Preferred Topco Stock to provide the holders thereof with the right to vote together with the holders of common stock as a single class, (y) issuing to holders of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes additional equity securities issued by Topco (or options or warrants to purchase additional equity securities issued by Topco) and/or (z) taking any and all such other actions lawful and necessary, in each case in a manner that would result in the aggregate voting rights afforded to the holders of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes (including via the issuance or modification of any such other securities) prior to exchange being equal to the aggregate voting rights that would be afforded to such holders immediately following such exchange; provided further that it is understood and agreed that the Preferred Equityholders, Topco and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith in order to achieve the Equivalent Voting Rights to the extent possible without modifying the existing economic rights of the Parties; provided further still that (xx) any modification providing for Equivalent Voting Rights that would otherwise have a non de minimis impact on Advent s economic position with respect to the Transaction (including Advent s pro forma equity ownership) shall require Advent s prior written consent and (yy) the Preferred Equityholders will not be required to agree to the terms of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes if the Equivalent Voting Rights cannot be achieved and if the Preferred Equityholders deliver written notice to the Parties that they do not otherwise agree, then the Transaction Support Agreement shall automatically be terminated; and (f) the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes will not provide for a forced exchange right during the first two years of issuance and will not be redeemable prior to maturity. Exhibit 10.1 

3 IV. Waivers under the Existing Credit Facility The Required Lenders under the Existing Credit Facility shall consent to the following covenant relief and modifications: (i) Minimum Liquidity Covenant (Section 6.15(a)): Commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2023, the covenant level, which shall be tested with respect to each Fiscal Quarter through and including December 31, 2024, shall be modified as follows: Test Date Minimum Liquidity March 31, 2023 30 million June 30, 2023 25 million September 30, 2023 15 million December 31, 2023 15 million All Fiscal Quarters in 2024 10 million (ii) Net First Lien Leverage Ratio Financial Covenant (Section 6.15(b)): Compliance with the covenant shall be waived for the Test Periods ending June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024, respectively. For Test Periods ending thereafter, the maximum net first lien leverage ratio covenant levels shall be reset to the following levels: Test Period Ended Maximum Net First Lien Leverage Ratio March 31, 2025 11.00x June 30, 2025 10.00x September 30, 2025 9.00x December 31, 2025 8.00x March 31, 2026 7.50x June 30, 2026 and thereafter 7.00x (iii) No Going Concern Requirement: The requirement to deliver an audit that is not subject to a going concern explanatory paragraph or like statement shall be waived for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, respectively. V. Term Loan Facility In consideration for the waiver and permitting the transactions contemplated herein (the Transactions ), (i) from and after the date of the Definitive Documents, interest on all Term Loans held after giving effect to the Transactions shall be increased by 100 bps per annum with such increased amount to be paid in kind (the PIK Interest Increase provided that the PIK Interest Increase shall fall away after the end of the two consecutive trailing four fiscal quarter periods for which Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is 50.0 million or higher; and (ii) call protection on all Term Loans after giving effect to the Transactions shall be reset from the date of the waiver as indicated below: Exhibit 10.1 

4 Period Prepayment Premium Prior to the second anniversary of the waiver Make-Whole Amount On or after the second anniversary of the waiver but prior to the third anniversary of the waiver 3.00 of the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans being prepaid or repaid On or after the third anniversary of the waiver 0.00 of the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans being prepaid or repaid VI. Revolving Credit Facility The Required Revolving Lenders under the Existing Credit Facility to consent to the modifications of the Minimum Liquidity Financial Covenant and the Maximum Net First Lien Leverage Ratio Financial Covenant specified herein, and waiver of the requirement to deliver an audit that is not subject to a going concern explanatory paragraph or like statement for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. For the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no change to the Commitment Fee Rate applicable to any unused amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment. In consideration for the waiver and permitting the Transactions, from and after the date of the Definitive Documents, interest on the Revolving Loans shall be increased by 100 bps per annum (payable in cash) (such increased rate, the Increased Revolving Loan Interest Rate provided that such increase shall fall away upon the Borrower achieving Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA equal to 50.0 million or higher for two consecutive trailing four fiscal quarter periods. VII. Conditions Precedent The effectiveness of the waivers and amendments to the Existing Credit Facility contained herein and the other Transactions shall be subject to customary conditions precedent for a transaction of this type and, in any event, to include: A. Receipt by the Borrower of commitments for the New Money Financing . The documentation governing the commitment for the New Money Financing, together with any documentation necessary or advisable to implement the transactions contemplated by this term sheet, shall be in form and substance materially consistent with this term sheet (including the Intercreditor Term Sheet and the existing credit agreement modifications term sheet annexed hereto as Exhibit B (the Credit Agreement Modifications Term Sheet )) and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Preferred Equityholders, HPS, Barclays, the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and Advent, as applicable. B. The Preferred Equity Held Term Loan Exchange shall have been completed and the Intercreditor Agreement shall have been entered into by the representative of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes and the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Facility, and acknowledged by the Loan Parties. The documentation governing the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Preferred Equityholders, HPS, Barclays, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. The terms in the Intercreditor Agreement that are not otherwise set forth in the Intercreditor Term Sheet shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Preferred Equityholders, HPS, Barclays, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. Exhibit 10.1 

5 C. Lenders shall have received from the Borrower a budget (including an initial 13-week cash flow budget) in form reasonably acceptable to HPS, Barclays, the Administrative Agent and the Preferred Equityholders. D. After giving effect to the Transactions, (a) the capitalization and governance of Topco and its subsidiaries shall be materially consistent with this term sheet and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to HPS, Barclays, the Preferred Equityholders, Advent and the Borrower, (b) John Maldonado will not seek re-election to the board of directors of Topco (the Topco Board at the 2023 shareholders meeting of Topco, (c) HPS shall have the right to appoint one board observer to the Topco Board, (d)(i) the Preferred Equityholders shall have the right to appoint three additional directors to the Topco Board (resulting in the right of the Preferred Equityholders to appoint a total of four directors to the Topco Board and such that the Topco Board shall consist of 10 directors (or 11 directors if Andrew A. McKnight remains on the Topco Board) in total) and (ii) the EBITDA based fall-away provision for the director designation rights of the Preferred Equityholders set forth in clause (i) of the proviso in Section 3(a) of the certificate of designation for the Preferred Topco Stock will be deleted, (e) the Topco Board will be declassified to effect, among other things, that all go-forward appointments of directors to the Topco Board will be for terms of one year (for the avoidance of doubt, without affecting the length of the terms of directors of the Topco Board that are in effect on the date on which the Transactions are consummated), and (f) Advent will no longer have the right to appoint five directors to the Topco Board and the Topco stockholders agreement will be terminated. E. Execution of customary, mutual releases with respect to Preferred Equityholders, HPS, Barclays, the Administrative Agent, Borrower, and the Sponsors. F. Payment of reasonable fees and expenses incurred by the Sponsors, HPS, Barclays, the Administrative Agent and the Preferred Equityholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this term sheet. G. The consents required pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and that certain Agreement Among Lenders, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and among the Administrative Agent, HPS and each of the revolving lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement (the Agreement Among Lenders to consummate the Transactions and amend the Existing Credit Agreement shall have been obtained. H. If reasonably requested by Barclays or HPS, the Agreement Among Lenders shall be amended in a manner to be reasonably agreed among the parties thereto, including, without limitation, an amendment to modify clause (e)(ii) of the definition of Waterfall/Voting Triggering Event in a manner reasonably acceptable to the parties thereto. Exhibit 10.1 

6 VIII. Additional Matters Requiring Shareholder Approval Any corporate actions in connection with the Transactions that require shareholder approval, including without limitation, issuances of securities, voting rights for the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes on an as-exchanged basis, increase in authorized shares and amendments of the certificate of incorporation will be (a) approved by the special committee and board of directors of Topco and recommended by the board of directors of Topco for approval by the shareholders of Topco at a shareholder meeting and (b) in connection with the entry into the agreements providing for the Transactions, shareholders holding a majority of the stock of Topco will execute irrevocable voting and support agreements materially consistent with this term sheet and otherwise reasonably acceptable to the parties agreeing to vote in favor of such transactions for all relevant Delaware and NYSE purposes at the shareholder meeting. Promptly thereafter, Topco will file with the SEC and thereafter mail to its shareholders a Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A in connection with the foregoing transactions and promptly upon receipt of the approval of shareholders at the shareholder meeting, the Transactions will close. IX. Certain Additional Matters The Existing Credit Facility will be amended to, among other things, (a) require the delivery of an updated 13-week cash flow budget and variance report every four weeks in form and substance reasonably acceptable to HPS and Barclays with such requirement to fall away after the end of the first four quarter period for which Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is 50 million or higher, (b) require the delivery of monthly reports together with operating metrics, liquidity calculations and KPI s to be agreed, (c) permit incurrence of and address matters relating to the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes, and require the use of proceeds thereof to be used for working capital purposes, (d) add events of default for the failure to retain the HPS board observation rights and to comply with the updated reporting requirements, (e) implement the changes contemplated in the Credit Agreement Modifications Amendment, which shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, include any modifications to the Liquidity Covenant Cure Right or the Leverage Covenant Cure Right and (f) amend the definition of Permitted Holders to include certain of the Preferred Equityholders and their respective affiliates, related funds or investment vehicles. Both the Existing Credit Facility and the terms of the Preferred Topco Stock will be amended to include a covenant that, so long as the Borrower is required to deliver an updated 13-week cash flow budget and variance report every four weeks, the Borrower shall be required to retain an operational and cash flow consultant to be agreed upon and reasonably satisfactory to each of the Borrower, HPS, Barclays and the Preferred Equityholders. The parties will negotiate in good faith regarding a Management Incentive Program (MIP) and other employee compensation matters. X. Counsel Weil, Gotshal Manges LLP (Borrower) Milbank LLP (HPS) Davis Polk Wardwell LLP (Preferred Equityholders) Ropes Gray LLP (Advent) Cahill Gordon Reindel LLP (Barclays) Exhibit 10.1 

Exhibit A Intercreditor Agreement Term Sheet Exhibit 10.1 

Intercreditor Term Sheet Summary of Principal Terms and Conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement Parties: (i) Barclays Bank PLC, as collateral agent (the First Lien Collateral Agent for the lenders under the Existing Credit Facility (the First Lien Credit Agreement the agents and lenders under the First Lien Credit Agreement, collectively, the First Lien Secured Parties and (ii) a person to be agreed, as collateral agent (the Second Lien Collateral Agent for the holders of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes (the Second Lien Note Purchase Agreement the collateral agent, notes trustee and holders of the Second Lien Notes, collectively, the Second Lien Secured Parties ). The Loan Parties shall acknowledge the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. All documents entered into in connection with the First Lien Credit Agreement, including collateral documents, shall be referred to as the First Lien Loan Documents and all documents entered into in connection with the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes, including collateral documents, shall be referred to as the Second Lien Note Documents . Purpose: To establish payment subordination and the relative rights and privileges of the parties with respect to the collateral for the obligations under the First Lien Credit Agreement (the First Lien Obligations including any refinancings, replacements, extensions, or increases thereof) and for the obligations under the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes and the documents governing New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes (the Second Lien Obligations (collectively, the Collateral ). Priority of Obligations: The Intercreditor shall provide for (a) the payment subordination of the Second Lien Obligations to the First Lien Obligations and (b) the lien subordination of the liens securing the Second Lien Obligations to the liens securing the First Lien Obligations. Until the payment of the First Lien Obligations (other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been made) in full in cash and termination of all commitments and termination or cash collateralization of all letters of credit (the Discharge of First Lien Obligations ): (i) all Second Lien Obligations shall be junior and subordinated in right and time of payment in all respects to the First Lien Obligations; (ii) the liens securing the Second Lien Obligations shall be junior and subordinated in all respects to the liens securing the First Lien Obligations; (iii) until the date that is 180 days after notice from the Second Lien Collateral Agent to the First Lien Collateral Agent of the occurrence of an acceleration of the Second Lien Obligations (the Standstill Exhibit 10.1 

- 2 - Period ), the Second Lien Collateral Agent shall not exercise or seek to exercise any rights or remedies (including setoff, recoupment, the right to credit bid its debt (other than as specifically described below under Exercise of Remedies/No Contest and foreclosure on any Collateral) (other than acceleration, the filing of a proof of claim or statement of interest, and actions to preserve, create or perfect liens and the filing of defensive or responsive pleadings, so long as such pleadings are not adverse to, or could impair the rights and remedies and priority status of, the First Lien Secured Parties and are not inconsistent with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) against any Loan Party and shall not institute any action or proceeding against any Loan Party with respect to such rights or remedies (collectively, Enforcement Action provided that the Standstill Period shall be tolled if an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding shall have commenced against a Loan Party or if the First Lien Secured Parties are then diligently pursuing an enforcement action against the Loan Parties (this clause (iii), the Standstill Clause (iv) the Second Lien Collateral Agent will not take or receive any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property, including, without limitation, Collateral, any proceeds of Collateral or assets that are not Collateral or any proceeds of avoidance actions) (a Distribution on account of the Second Lien Obligations (other than (i) customary agency and administration fees, (ii) reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of legal counsel to the Second Lien Secured Parties relating to the transactions to be consummated on the Closing Date or otherwise prior to an Event of Default under the First Lien Loan Documents and (iii) interest that is paid in kind on the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes); and (v) if any Distribution in respect of any Second Lien Obligation shall be received by a Second Lien Secured Party in contravention of the Intercreditor Agreement, then such Distribution shall be held in trust for the benefit of, and shall be paid over or delivered to, the First Lien Collateral Agent for distribution to the First Lien Secured Parties, in such order as specified in the relevant First Lien Loan Documents, to the extent necessary to pay all First Lien Obligations in full in cash. Exercise of Remedies/No contest: Until the Discharge of First Lien Obligations and subject to the Standstill Clause, the First Lien Collateral Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right to commence and maintain any enforcement action or otherwise enforce rights or exercise remedies against the Loan Parties (including set-off, recoupment, the right to credit bid its debt and foreclosure on any Collateral) and the holders of the Second Lien Obligations will not contest, protest or object to, or otherwise interfere with, any foreclosure proceeding or action brought by the First Lien Collateral Agent or any holders of the First Lien Obligations against any Loan Party. No Second Lien Secured Party (or anyone acting on their behalf) shall initiate, prosecute or participate in any claim, action or other proceeding challenging the enforceability, validity, perfection or priority of the First Lien Obligations, the First Lien Debt Documents Exhibit 10.1 

- 3 - or any liens and security interests in property securing the First Lien Obligations and no First Lien Secured Party (or anyone acting on their behalf) shall initiate, prosecute or participate in any claim, action or other proceeding challenging the enforceability, validity, perfection or priority of the Second Lien Obligations, the Second Lien Debt Documents or any liens and security interests in property securing the Second Lien Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing provided for in the preceding sentence shall be interpreted or construed under any circumstances to impair, limit, prevent, restrict or contradict the rights of the First Lien Collateral Agent to enforce the Intercreditor Agreement. Distributions: Until the Discharge of First Lien Obligations, all Distributions received in connection with the exercise of remedies or in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, shall be applied by the First Lien Collateral Agent to the First Lien Obligations in such order as specified in the relevant First Lien Loan Documents. Upon the Discharge of First Lien Obligations, the First Lien Collateral Agent shall deliver to the Second Lien Collateral Agent all remaining proceeds of Distributions held by it to be applied by the Second Lien Collateral Agent to the Second Lien Obligations in such order as specified in the Second Lien Note Documents. Restrictions on Amendments: Neither the First Lien Loan Documents nor the Second Lien Note Documents may be amended or refinanced without the consent of the Second Lien Collateral Agent or First Lien Collateral Agent, respectively, to the extent such amendment or refinancing would violate the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement or contravene other matters as may be agreed. Any waivers, amendments or consents with respect to any provision of the collateral documents securing the First Lien Obligations shall be deemed to automatically apply to any applicable provisions of the collateral documents securing the Second Lien Obligations; provided no such waiver, amendment or consent shall (i) remove or release assets subject to the lien of the Second Lien Note Documents, except to the extent that a release of such lien is permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement and the Second Lien Note Documents and there is a corresponding release of the liens securing the First Lien Obligations, (ii) impose duties on the Second Lien Collateral Agent without its consent, or (iii) permit other liens on the Collateral not permitted under the terms of the Second Lien Note Documents or the Intercreditor Agreement. Releases: The Intercreditor Agreement will provide that if (i) in connection with (x) any sale of other disposition of Collateral by any Loan Party permitted under the terms of the First Lien Credit Agreement and the Second Lien Note Documents or (y) any Enforcement Action or other exercise of remedies by the First Lien Collateral Agent against a Loan Party, the First Lien Collateral Agent releases any of its liens on any part of the Collateral of such Loan Party, then the liens, if any, of the Second Lien Collateral Agent on such Collateral, shall be automatically, unconditionally and simultaneously released, or (ii) the Exhibit 10.1 

- 4 - equity interests of any Loan Party are foreclosed upon or otherwise disposed of, or any Loan Party is release from its guaranty, in a manner permitted under the terms of the First Lien Credit Agreement and the Second Lien Note Documents or in connection with any Enforcement Action or other exercise of remedies by the First Lien Collateral Agent against a Loan Party and the First Lien Collateral Agent releases its lien on the equity interests, property or assets of such Loan Party and the obligations of such Loan Party under its guaranty of the First Lien Obligations, then the liens, if any, of the Second Lien Collateral Agent on such equity interests, property or assets, and the obligations of such Loan Party under its guaranty of the Second Lien Obligations, shall be automatically, unconditionally and simultaneously released; provided, that the proceeds of such foreclosure, sale or disposition are applied pursuant to the payments waterfall or in the case of a permitted asset sale, in accordance with the terms of the First Lien Credit Agreement. Bankruptcy: In the event of an insolvency or liquidation proceeding of the Borrower, whether voluntary or involuntary, if the First Lien Collateral Agent or any other First Lien Secured Party shall desire to permit the use of cash collateral or to permit the Borrower to obtain debtor-in-possession financing (a DIP Financing ), then, if the principal amount of such DIP Financing does not exceed 20 of the principal amount of the then outstanding First Lien Obligations, plus the amount of any First Lien Obligations that are rolled-up into or refinanced by such DIP Financing, the Second Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the Second Lien Secured Parties, agrees that it will (i) raise no objection to such use of cash collateral or DIP Financing, (ii) will not request adequate protection or any other relief in connection therewith (unless (A) the First Lien Collateral Agent is granted a senior lien on such adequate protection lien and (B) such adequate protection is subordinated to the adequate protection requested by the First Lien Collateral Agent, in each case to the same extent as the Second Lien Obligations are subordinated to the First Lien Obligations) and (iii) the Second Lien Collateral Agent will subordinate its liens in the Collateral to the liens securing such DIP Financing (and all obligations relating thereto) to the extent the liens securing the First Lien Obligations are subordinated or pari passu with such DIP Financing. No Second Lien Collateral Agent or Second Lien Secured Party may provide a DIP Financing. Each of the Second Lien Secured Parties shall be deemed to have consented to, and agrees that it will raise no objection to or contest (or support any other Person in objecting to or contesting), (i) any disposition (whether under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code) of any Collateral free and clear of any Liens, claims or interests held by or on behalf of the Second Lien Collateral Agent or the Second Lien Secured Parties, to the extent that such disposition has been consented to by the First Lien Collateral Agent (and so long as the proceeds of such Collateral, if any, are applied in accordance with the payments waterfall), (ii) any motion for bid procedures or other procedures related to any such disposition, or (iii) any credit bid by the Exhibit 10.1 

- 5 - First Lien Secured Parties (including through one or more acquisition vehicles) in connection therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, the Second Lien Collateral Agent and any of the Second Lien Secured Parties may submit a credit bid or cash bid with respect to the Collateral if such bid provides for the First Lien Obligations (including any DIP Financing provided by First Lien Secured Parties) are indefensibly paid in full in cash (1) on closing of a sale under section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or (2) if proceeds of the sale are not distributed on the closing of such sale, on the effective date of a chapter 11 plan that is confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to an order (that is not subject to a stay) not later than 90 days following the closing date of the sale referenced in (1). Plan Voting: The Second Lien Collateral Agent and the Second Lien Secured Parties may not propose or support or vote in favor of any plan of reorganization or liquidation (and each shall and shall be deemed to have voted to reject any plan of reorganization) unless such plan (a) pays off, at the time of effectiveness thereof, in cash and in full, all First Lien Obligations or (b) is accepted by the class of holders of First Lien Obligations voting thereon in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code. The Second Lien Collateral Agent and the Second Lien Secured Parties may propose or support or vote in favor of any plan of reorganization or liquidation that pays off, at the time of effectiveness thereof, in cash and in full, all First Lien Obligations. Purchase Right: Following an acceleration of the First Lien Obligations or a payment event of default with respect to the First Lien Obligations that has been continuing for more than 30 days or the commencement of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding with respect to a material Loan Party (each, a Purchase Event ), the holders of the Second Lien Obligations will have the right for a period of time not to exceed 30 days after the initial occurrence of a Purchase Event to purchase all, but not less than all, of the First Lien Obligations in immediately available funds in an amount equal to 100 of the principal of such First Lien Obligations (and the purchase price shall include all accrued and unpaid interest thereon plus all accrued and unpaid fees and premiums, including any Prepayment Premium and any Make-Whole Amount then applicable), without warranty, representation or recourse (other than a representation as to title). Amendments; Waivers: The Intercreditor Agreement may not be amended without the written consent of the First Lien Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Term Lenders and the Required Revolving Lenders under the First Lien Credit Agreement) and the Second Lien Collateral Agent. Other Specified Junior Debt: If additional Specified Junior Debt is permitted to be incurred under the First Lien Credit Documents, the representative of such Specified Junior Debt shall become a party to the Intercreditor Agreement, on behalf of itself and the holders of such Specified Junior Debt, as a Second Lien Collateral Agent, the holders of such Specified Junior Debt shall be Second Lien Secured Parties and the obligations under Exhibit 10.1 

- 6 - such Specified Junior Debt shall be treated as additional Second Lien Obligations (it being understood that in the case of Specified Junior Debt in the form of unsecured indebtedness, the Intercreditor Agreement shall provide that such Indebtedness is not subject to the lien subordination provisions for therein). Governing Law: The State of New York. The foregoing is intended to summarize certain basic terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and is not intended to be a definitive list of all of the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. Exhibit 10.1 

Exhibit B Credit Agreement Modifications Term Sheet Exhibit 10.1 

WEIL:\99050386\7\18434.0011 EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT MODIFICATIONS No. Item Modification Certain Defined Terms 1. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA clause (c)(viii) Reduce cap applicable to clause (c)(viii)(D) from 20m to 15m. 2. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA , clause (c)(ix) Reduce cap in clause (c)(ix) from 9m to 6m. 3. Available Amount Modify the definition of Available Amount as follows: - (i) Delete 5m starter amount in clause (a)(i); - (ii) Delete clause (a)(iv) - (iii) Add that in no event shall any proceeds or the conversion into equity of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes build the Available Amount. Same addition to be made to the definition of Available Excluded Contribution Amount . 4. Affiliate Add that for purposes of the transactions with affiliates covenant, Affiliates includes any person that can vote more than 5 of the equity interests of the subject person. 5. Affiliated Lenders Modify definition to include any holder of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes and any Affiliate thereof. 6. . Default Interest Modify Section 2.13(d) to provide that interest at the default rate accrues on all obligations automatically upon the occurrence of a payment or bankruptcy related Event of Default. 7. Waterfall/Voting Triggering Event Modify clause (e)(ii) of the definition of Waterfall/Voting Triggering Event in a manner to be reasonably agreed among Barclays, HPS and the Borrower, including, without limitation, to reference the new Net First Lien Leverage Ratio Financial Covenant instead of the Secured Net Leverage Ratio Financial Covenant. Unrestricted Subsidiaries 8. Unrestricted Subsidiaries 5.10) Remove ability to designate subsidiaries as Unrestricted . Delete Section 5.10 and modify definition of Restricted Subsidiaries to capture any subsidiary of the Borrower. The Borrower shall represent on the amendment effective date that it does not have any Unrestricted Subsidiaries. Indebtedness Exhibit 10.1 

- 2 - WEIL:\99050386\7\18434.0011 No. Item Modification 9. Incremental Facility 2.22) Incremental Cap (i) Add that Required Lender consent is required for any incurrence of additional pari lien indebtedness and, in addition, that Required Revolving Lender consent shall also be required for any incurrence of Incremental Revolving Facilities. (ii) Delete clause (d) of the definition of Incremental Cap (iii) Holders of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes and their Affiliates may not provide an incremental facility. 10. General Debt basket 6.01(u)) General Lien Basket 6.02(u)) Reduce each of the general debt and lien basket cap to 3.5m. Remove grower. 11. Junior Lien / Unsecured Debt basket 6.01(w)) Delete existing ratio basket. New basket permitting the issuance of additional junior lien debt in the form of (i) without duplication of what is contemplated by the Transaction Term Sheet, the New Second Lien Exchangeable Notes contemplated by the Transaction Term Sheet, plus (ii) additional amounts of junior lien or subordinated unsecured debt (in each case, the interest on which must be paid in kind and the terms of which (other than with respect to conversion) shall be consistent with the terms of the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes) to be capped at 150,000,000, in each case, plus PIK interest with respect thereto (collectively, the Specified Junior Debt and, in each case, subject at all times to the Intercreditor Agreement or a substantially consistent subordination agreement.. Asset Sales and Asset Sale Sweep 12. Dispositions Covenant 6.07) Reduce de minimis exclusion in the introduction to Section 6.07 to 1m / 2.5m, applicable after the amendment effective date. 13. General Asset Sale basket 6.07(h)) Modify clause (h) of Section 6.07 to provide the 75 minimum cash consideration requirement applies for all dispositions made under this basket (i.e. no thresholds or deemed cash exceptions) 14. Asset Sale Sweep 2.11(b)(ii)) (i) Delete 15m de minimis threshold in clause (b)(ii) of Section 2.11. (ii) Add an annual cap on reinvestment rights not to exceed 10 million (with measurement to commence after the amendment effective date). (iii) Reinvestment period to be 12 months (with no additional 180 day commitment to reinvest period), subject to extension by the Lender Representative. (iv) Limit reinvestments solely to capital expenditures and long-term capital assets useful to the business, as determined by the Borrower in good faith. 15. Dispositions Definition of Dispositions shall include issuances of Equity Interests of subsidiaries of the Borrower Exhibit 10.1 

- 3 - WEIL:\99050386\7\18434.0011 No. Item Modification Restricted Payments / Restricted Debt Payments 16. Shared RP and RDP basket 6.04(a)(x) and 6.04(b)(iv)) Reduce the general RP and RDP baskets in clauses (a)(x) and (b)(iv) of Section 6.04 to 1m and limit use of RP basket to payments to ATI Physical Therapy, Inc., but not to any shareholders of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc.. 17. Specified Junior Debt Credit Agreement to be modified to provide that: (i) no payments (including, without limitation, any refinancing, exchange or similar transaction shall be permitted to be made under the Specified Junior Debt prior to the payment in full in cash of the Obligations (subject to exceptions for (a) customary administrative agency fees, (b) provided no Event of Default under the Credit Agreement has occurred, payment of reasonable legal fees and (c) conversions to equity issued by ATI Physical Therapy, Inc.); and (ii) No amendments may be made to the documentation governing the Specified Junior Debt that are adverse to the interests of the Lenders without the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Lender Representative (the Second Lien Amendment Provision Investments 18. Similar Businesses Investments basket 6.06(d)) Limit clause (d) of Section 6.06 to investments in joint ventures and reduce cap to 3.5m and eliminate grower. Affiliate Transactions 19. Sponsor Management Fees 6.09(f)(i)) Delete clause (i) of Section 6.09(f). 20. Reimbursement of Sponsor Expenses 6.09(f)(ii)) Modify clause (ii) to include a 500,000 cap on the reimbursement of Sponsor expenses (which cap shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, apply to indemnification obligations). 21. Advisory Fees 6.09(h)) Delete clause (h) of Section 6.09. 22. Fairness Opinion 6.09(o)) Delete clause (o) of Section 6.09. Other 23. N/A Other modifications as needed to implement the Transaction Term Sheet and as otherwise agreed. If the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes are issued by ATI Physical Therapy Inc., ATI Physical Therapy Inc. will be added as a guarantor and grantor on a senior basis to the New Second Lien PIK Exchangeable Notes. 24. Certain Amendments (i) Consent of the Required Term Lenders and the Required Revolving Lenders shall be required for any amendments to (i) the Intercreditor Exhibit 10.1 

- 4 - WEIL:\99050386\7\18434.0011 No. Item Modification Agreement, (ii) the Second Lien Amendment Provision and (iii) the covenant restricting payments on junior debt in the Credit Agreement to permit payments under the Specified Junior Debt. (ii) Consent of the Required Revolving Lenders shall be required for any amendment to the restricted payment covenant that would permit any restricted payment (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) to any shareholder of the Borrower, Holdings or ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. Exhibit 10.1 

-2- WEIL:\99037057\16\18434.0011 Exhibit B FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT FOR CONSENTING STAKEHOLDER This Joinder Agreement to the Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of March [ ], 2023 (as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), by and among the Company and the Consenting Stakeholders, is executed and delivered by_______________________ (the Joining Party as of ____________, 2023. Each capitalized term used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement. 1. Agreement to be Bound. The Joining Party hereby agrees to be bound by all of the terms of the Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Joinder Agreement as Annex I (as the same has been or may be hereafter amended, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof). The Joining Party shall hereafter be deemed to be a (i) Consenting Stakeholder and (ii) a Party for all purposes under the Agreement and with respect to any and all indebtedness or share of stock held by such Joining Party. 2. Representations and Warranties. With respect to the aggregate principal amount of indebtedness or number of shares of stock, in each case, set forth below its name on the signature page hereto, the Joining Party hereby makes the representations and warranties set forth in Section 11 of the Agreement to each other Party to the Agreement. 3. Governing Law. This Joinder Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to any conflict of laws provisions that would require the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. [Signature Page Follows] Exhibit 10.1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Joining Party has caused this Joinder to be executed as of the date first written above. CONSENTING STAKEHOLDER By: Name: Title: Principal Amount of Term Loans: __________ Principal Amount of Revolving Loans: __________ Principal Amount of Preferred Stock: __________ Principal Amount of Common Stock: __________ Notice Address: Fax: Attention: Email: Exhibit 10.1 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231_q42022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-259320) and Form S-3 (No. 333-257801) of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. of our report dated March 16, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311_fy2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Sharon Vitti, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s SHARON VITTI Sharon Vitti Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date March 16, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312_fy2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Joseph Jordan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s JOSEPH JORDAN Joseph Jordan Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Date March 16, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 exhibit32_fy2022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sharon Vitti, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Joseph Jordan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s SHARON VITTI 
 Sharon Vitti 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 s JOSEPH JORDAN Joseph Jordan Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

March 16, 2023 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ati-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ati-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ati-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ati-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ati-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

