<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1158449_0001158449-23-000035.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10604687</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>543391</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2405902</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3287293</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2223823</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1961586</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001158449-23-000035.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228162741
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001158449-23-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ADVANCE AUTO PARTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001158449
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO & HOME SUPPLY STORES [5531]
		IRS NUMBER:				542049910
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16797
		FILM NUMBER:		23685923

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4200 SIX FORKS ROAD
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27609
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5403624911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4200 SIX FORKS ROAD
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27609

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001158449-23-000035.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 aap-20221231.htm
 10-K

aap-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents ` 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________ 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________. 
 
 Commission file number 
 ________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ________________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Registration S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, July 16, 2022, the aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant wa s , based on the last sales price on July 16, 2022, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 As of February 24, 2023, the number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding was shares. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

Table of Contents ` 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page 
 Part I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 15 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 Part II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 18 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
 26 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 26 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 26 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 27 
 Item 9C . 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 28 
 Part III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 29 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 29 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 29 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 29 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 29 
 Part IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 30 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 62 
 Signatures 
 63 

Table of Contents ` 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements herein are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are usually identifiable by words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, intend, likely, may, plan, position, possible, potential, probable, project, should, strategy, will, or similar language. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about our strategic initiatives, operational plans and objectives, expectations for economic conditions and recovery and future business and financial performance, as well as statements regarding underlying assumptions related thereto. Forward-looking statements reflect our views based on historical results, current information and assumptions related to future developments. Except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made herein. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied by the forward-looking statements. They include, among others, factors related to the company s leadership transition, the timing and implementation of strategic initiatives, including with respect to labor shortages or disruptions and the impact on our ability to complete store openings, deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions, the highly competitive nature of our industry, demand for our products and services, complexities in our inventory and supply chain and challenges with transforming and growing our business. Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors included in this report and other filings made by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC for a description of these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

1 

Table of Contents ` 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, Advance, we, us, our, and similar terms refer to Advance Auto Parts, Inc., its subsidiaries and their respective operations on a consolidated basis. Our fiscal year consists of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Saturday closest to December 31 st of each year. Our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 2022 and January 1, 2022 2021 included fifty-two weeks of operations. Our fiscal year ended January 2, 2021 2020 included fifty-three weeks of operations. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a leading automotive aftermarket parts provider in North America, serving both professional installers professional and do-it-yourself DIY customers, as well as independently owned operators. Our stores and branches offer a broad selection of brand names, original equipment manufacturer OEM and owned brand automotive replacement parts, accessories, batteries and maintenance items for domestic and imported cars, vans, sport utility vehicles and light and heavy duty trucks. As of December 31, 2022, we operated 4,770 total stores and 316 branches primarily under the trade names Advance Auto Parts, Carquest and Worldpac. 
 
 We were founded in 1929 as Advance Stores Company, Incorporated, and operated as a retailer of general merchandise until the 1980s. During the 1980s, we began targeting the sale of automotive parts and accessories to DIY customers. We initiated our professional delivery program in 1996 and have steadily increased our sales to professional customers since 2000. We have grown significantly as a result of strategic acquisitions, new store openings and comparable store sales growth. Advance Auto Parts, Inc., a Delaware corporation, was incorporated in 2001 in conjunction with the acquisition of Discount Auto Parts, Inc. In 2014, we acquired General Parts International, Inc. GPI ), a privately held company that was a leading distributor and supplier of original equipment and aftermarket automotive replacement products for professional markets operating under the Carquest and Worldpac trade names. 
 
 Stores and Branches 
 
 Key factors in selecting sites and market locations in which we operate include population, demographics, traffic count, vehicle profile, competitive landscape and the cost of real estate. During 2022 , 144 stores and branches were opened and 30 were closed or consolidated, resulting in a total of 5,086 stores and branches as of December 31, 2022 compared with a total of 4,972 stores and branches as of January 1, 2022. 
 
 Through our integrated operating approach, we serve our professional and DIY customers through a variety of channels ranging from traditional brick and mortar store locations to self-service e-commerce sites. We believe we are better able to meet our customers needs by operating under several trade names, which are as follows: 
 
 Advance Auto Parts Our 4,440 stores, inclusive of 328 hubs, as of December 31, 2022 are generally located in freestanding buildings with a focus on both professional and DIY customers. The average size of an Advance Auto Parts store is approximately 7,800 square feet. These stores carry a wide variety of products serving aftermarket auto part needs for both domestic and import vehicles. Our Advance Auto Parts stores carry a product offering of approximately 23,000 stock keeping units SKUs ), consisting of a custom mix of products based on each store s unique market. Supplementing our stores inventory on-hand, less common SKUs are also available on a same-day or next-day basis from any of our larger hub stores. 
 
 Carquest Our 330 stores as of December 31, 2022, including 148 stores in Canada, are generally located in freestanding buildings with a primary focus on professional customers, but also serve DIY customers. The average size of a Carquest store is approximately 7,300 square feet. These stores carry a wide variety of products serving the aftermarket auto part needs for both domestic and import vehicles with a product offering of approximately 25,000 SKUs. As of December 31, 2022, Carquest also serves 1,311 independently owned stores that operate under the Carquest name. 
 
 Worldpac Our 316 branches, of which 135 are branded Autopart International AI ), as of December 31, 2022 principally serve professional customers utilizing an efficient and sophisticated online ordering and fulfillment system. Worldpac s branches are generally larger than our other store locations, averaging approximately 18,400 square feet. Worldpac s complete product offering includes over 285,000 SKUs for domestic and import vehicles and specializes in imported OEM parts. As part of our transformation efforts through December 31, 2022, we have converted all AI stores into the Worldpac technology format. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents ` 

Store Development 
 
 The key factors used in selecting sites and market locations in which we operate include population, demographics, traffic count, vehicle profile, number and strength of competitors stores, and the cost of real estate. As of December 31, 2022, 4,915 stores and branches were located in 48 U.S. states and two U.S. territories, and 171 stores and branches were located in nine Canadian provinces. 
 
 We serve our stores and branches primarily from our principal corporate offices in Raleigh, NC and Roanoke, VA. We also maintain store support centers in Newark, CA and Norton, MA. 
 
 Our Products 
 
 The following table shows some of the types of products that we sell by major category: 
 Parts Batteries Accessories Chemicals Engine Maintenance Batteries and battery accessories Air conditioning chemicals and accessories Air filters Belts and hoses Air fresheners Fuel and oil additives Brakes and brake pads Antifreeze and washer fluid Fuel filters Chassis parts Electrical wire and fuses Grease and lubricants Climate control parts Electronics Motor oil Clutches and drive shafts Floor mats, seat covers and interior accessories Oil filters Engines and engine parts Hand and specialty tools Part cleaners and treatments Exhaust systems and parts Lighting Transmission fluid Hub assemblies Performance parts Ignition components and wire Sealants, adhesives and compounds Radiators and cooling parts Tire repair accessories Starters and alternators Vent shades, mirrors and exterior accessories Steering and alignment parts Washes, waxes and cleaning supplies Wiper blades 
 
 We provide our customers with quality products that are often offered at a good, better or best recommendation differentiated by price and quality. We accept customer returns for many new, core and warranty products. Customer returns have historically been immaterial. 
 
 Our Customers 
 
 Our professional customers consist primarily of customers for whom we deliver products from our store or branch locations to their places of business, including garages, service stations and auto dealers. Our professional sales represented approximately 59 , 58 and 57 of our sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020. We also serve 1,311 independently owned Carquest stores with shipments directly from our distribution centers. Our DIY customers are primarily served through our stores, but can also order online to pick up merchandise at a conveniently located store or have their purchases shipped directly to them. Except where prohibited, we also provide a variety of services at our stores free of charge to our customers, including: 
 
 Battery and wiper installation; 
 Check engine light scanning; 
 Electrical system testing, including batteries, starters and alternators; 
 Oil and battery recycling; and 
 Loaner tool programs. 
 
 We also serve our customers online at www.AdvanceAutoParts.com or on our Advance Mobile App. Our professional customers can conveniently place their orders electronically, including through MyAdvance.com and Technet, by phone or in-store, and we deliver products from our stores or branch locations to their places of business. 

3 

Table of Contents ` 

 Supply Chain 
 
 Our supply chain consists of a network of distribution centers, hubs, stores, and branches that enable us to provide same-day or next-day availability to our customers. As of December 31, 2022, we operated 50 distribution centers, ranging in size from approximately 57,000 to 943,000 square feet with total square footage of approximately 12.6 million, including one distribution center dedicated to reclamations. In 2022, we closed distribution centers in Riverside, California and Anchorage, Alaska. 
 
 Merchandise, Marketing and Advertising 
 
 In 2022, we purchased merchandise from over 1,400 vendors, with no single vendor accounting for more than 10 of purchases. Our purchasing strategy involves negotiating agreements to purchase merchandise over a specified period of time along with other provisions, including pricing, rebates, volume and payment terms. 
 
 Our merchandising strategy is to carry a broad selection of high quality and reputable brand name automotive parts and accessories that we believe will appeal to our professional customers and also generate DIY customer traffic. Some of our brands include Bosch , Castrol , Dayco , Denso , Fram , Gates , Meguiar s TM , Mobil 1 TM , Moog , Monroe , NGK , Prestone , Purolator , Trico and Wagner . In addition to these branded products, we stock a wide selection of high-quality owned brand products with a goal of appealing to value-conscious customers. These categories of merchandise include chemicals, interior automotive accessories, batteries and parts under various owned brand names such as Autopart International , Carquest , DieHard , Driveworks and Wearever . For the DieHard brand, we own the right to sell batteries and to extend the DieHard brand into other automotive and vehicular categories. We granted the seller an exclusive royalty-free, perpetual license to develop, market and sell DieHard branded products in certain non-automotive categories. 
 
 Our marketing and advertising program is designed to drive brand awareness, consideration by consumers and omnichannel traffic by position in the aftermarket auto parts category. We strive to exceed our customers expectations end-to-end through a comprehensive online and in-store pick up experience, extensive parts assortment, quality brands, experienced parts professionals, professional programs that are designed to build loyalty with our customers and our DIY customer loyalty program. Our DIY campaign was developed around a multi-channel communications plan that brings together radio, television, digital marketing, social media, sponsorships, store execution, public relations and Speed Perks (our customer loyalty program). 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our business is somewhat seasonal in nature, with the highest sales usually occurring in the spring and summer months. In addition, our business can be affected by weather conditions. While unusually heavy precipitation tends to soften sales as elective maintenance is deferred during such periods, extremely hot or cold weather tends to enhance sales by causing automotive parts to fail at an accelerated rate. Our fourth quarter is generally our most volatile as weather and spending trade-offs typically influence our professional and DIY sales. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 We believe our People are Our Best Part, and we have adopted six Cultural Beliefs to help us foster a culture that fully engages our team members with our business: Speak Up, Be Accountable, Take Action, Move Forward, Grow Talent and Champion Inclusion. Our Cultural Belief of Grow Talent highlights the importance to us of developing our team members in their careers, and we seek to not only recruit the best talent, but also retain and promote the best talent. Through another Cultural Belief, Champion Inclusion, we seek to fully leverage the ideas and talents of all our team members in caring for our customers and each other. We encourage our team members to Speak Up and promote their engagement through a variety of programs and networks within our organization. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 40,000 full-time team members and approximately 27,000 part-time team members. Our workforce consisted of 82 of our team members employed in store-level operations, 13 in distribution and 5 in our corporate offices. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 2 of our team members were represented by labor unions. 
 
 Additional information about our human capital resources can be found in our Corporate Sustainability and Social Report, which is available on our website. Our Corporate Sustainability and Social Report is not, and will not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 4 

Table of Contents ` 

Intellectual Property 
 
 We own a number of trade names, service marks and trademarks, including Advance Auto Parts , Advance Same Day , Autopart International , Carquest , CARQUEST Technical Institute , DieHard , DriverSide , MotoLogic , MotoShop , speedDIAL , TECH-NET Professional Auto Service and Worldpac for use in connection with the automotive parts business. In addition, we own and have registered a number of trademarks for our owned brands. We believe that these trade names, service marks and trademarks are important to our merchandising strategy. We do not know of any infringing uses that would materially affect the use of these trade names and trademarks and we actively defend and enforce them. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We operate in both the professional and DIY markets of the automotive aftermarket industry. Our primary competitors are (i) both national and regional chains of automotive parts stores, including AutoZone, Inc., NAPA, O Reilly Automotive, Inc., The Pep Boys-Manny, Moe Jack and Auto Plus (formerly Uni-Select USA, Inc.), (ii) internet-based retailers, (iii) discount stores and mass merchandisers that carry automotive products, (iv) wholesalers or jobbers stores, including those associated with national parts distributors or associations, (v) independently owned stores and (vi) automobile dealers that supply parts. We believe that chains of automotive parts stores that, like us, have multiple locations in one or more markets, have competitive advantages in customer service, marketing, inventory selection, purchasing and distribution compared with independent retailers and jobbers that are not part of a chain or associated with other retailers or jobbers. The principal methods of competition in our business include brand recognition, customer service, product offerings, availability, quality, service with speed, price and store location. 
 
 Environmental and Other Regulatory Matters 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and governmental regulations relating to the operation of our business, including those governing collection, transportation and recycling of automotive lead-acid batteries, used motor oil and other recyclable items and ownership and operation of real property. We sell products containing hazardous materials as part of our business. In addition, our customers may bring automotive lead-acid batteries, used motor oil or other recyclable items onto our properties. We currently provide collection and recycling programs for used lead-acid batteries, used oil and other recyclable items at a majority of our stores as a service to our customers. Pursuant to agreements with third-party vendors, lead-acid batteries, used motor oil and other recyclable items are collected by our team members, deposited onto pallets or into vendor supplied containers and stored by us until collected by the third-party vendors for recycling or proper disposal. The terms of our contracts with third-party vendors require that they are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Our third-party vendors who arrange for the removal, disposal, treatment or other handling of hazardous or toxic substances may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation at any affected disposal, treatment or other site affected by such substances. Based on our experience, we do not believe that there are any material environmental costs associated with the current business practice of accepting lead-acid batteries, used oil and other recyclable items as these costs are borne by the respective third-party vendors. 
 
 We own and lease real property. Under various environmental laws and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in such property. These laws often impose joint and several liability and may be imposed without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of such hazardous or toxic substances. Other environmental laws and common law principles also could be used to impose liability for releases of hazardous materials into the environment or work place, and third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury or property damage associated with exposure to released hazardous substances. From time to time, we receive notices from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and state environmental authorities indicating that there may be contamination on properties we own, lease or operate or may have owned, leased or operated in the past or on adjacent properties for which we may be responsible. Compliance with these laws and regulations and clean-up of released hazardous substances have not had, and do not anticipate to have, a material impact on our operations. 
 
 We are also subject to numerous regulations including those related to labor and employment, discrimination, anti-bribery/anti-corruption, product quality and safety standards, data privacy and taxes. Compliance with any such laws and regulations has not had a material adverse effect on our operations to date. For more information, see the following disclosures in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors elsewhere in this report. 

5 

Table of Contents ` 

 Available Information 
 
 Our Internet address is www.AdvanceAutoParts.com. Our website and the information contained therein or linked thereto are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2022. We make available free of charge through our Investor Relations website, located at ir.advanceautoparts.com, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, registration statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. These materials may be obtained electronically by accessing the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents ` 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below together with the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including without limitation our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies . The occurrence of any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects, which could in turn materially affect the price of our common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Operations and Growth Strategy 
 
 If we are unable to successfully implement our business strategy, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 We have identified several initiatives as part of our business strategy to increase sales, expand margins, drive accelerated growth and deliver top quartile results relative total shareholder return. We are currently making and expect to continue to make significant investments to pursue our strategic initiatives. If we are unable to implement our strategic initiatives efficiently and effectively, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. We could also be adversely affected if we have not appropriately prioritized and balanced our initiatives or if we are unable to effectively manage change throughout our organization. Implementing strategic initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations and may not provide the anticipated benefits, or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. These risks increase when significant changes are undertaken. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully implement our growth strategy, keep existing store locations or open new locations in desirable places on favorable terms, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We intend to continue to expand the markets we serve as part of our growth strategy, which may include opening new stores or branches, as well as expansion of our online business. We may also grow our business through strategic acquisitions. As we expand our market presence, it becomes more critical that we have consistent and effective execution across all of our locations and brands. There is uncertainty about the profitability of newly opened locations, including whether newly opened stores will harm the profitability or comparable store sales of existing locations. The newly opened and existing locations profitability will depend on the competition we face as well as our ability to properly stock, market and price the products desired by customers in these markets. The actual number and format of any new locations to be opened and the success of our growth strategy will depend on a number of factors, including, among other things: 
 
 the availability of desirable locations; 
 the negotiation of acceptable lease or purchase terms for new locations; 
 the availability of financial resources, including access to capital at cost-effective interest rates; 
 our ability to expand our online offerings and sales; and 
 our ability to manage the expansion and to hire, train and retain qualified team members. 
 
 We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. Local land use and zoning regulations, environmental regulations and other regulatory requirements may impact our ability to find suitable locations and influence the cost of constructing, renovating and operating our stores. In addition, real estate, zoning, construction and other delays may adversely affect store openings and renovations and increase our costs. For example, during 2021 through 2022 we experienced significant delays associated with our planned opening of new locations in California, primarily as a result of permitting challenges, and such delays increased our costs and resulted in significant lost sales opportunities. Further, changing local demographics at existing store locations may adversely affect revenue and profitability levels at those stores. The termination or expiration of leases at existing store locations may adversely affect us if the renewal terms of those leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close or relocate stores. If we determine to close or relocate a store subject to a lease, we may remain obligated under the applicable lease for the balance of the lease term. In addition to potentially incurring costs related to lease obligations, we may also incur employee-related severance or other facility closure costs for stores that are closed or relocated. 

7 

Table of Contents ` 

 Omnichannel growth in our business is complex and if we are unable to successfully maintain a relevant omnichannel experience for our customers, our sales and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our business has become increasingly omnichannel as we strive to deliver a seamless shopping experience to our customers through both online and in-store shopping experiences. Operating an e-commerce platform is a complex undertaking and exposes us to risks and difficulties frequently experienced by internet-based businesses, including risks related to our ability to attract and retain customers on a cost-effective basis and our ability to operate, support, expand and develop our internet operations, website, mobile applications and software and other related operational systems. Continuing to improve our e-commerce platform involves substantial investment of capital and resources, increasing supply chain and distribution capabilities, attracting, developing and retaining qualified personnel with relevant subject matter expertise and effectively managing and improving the customer experience. Omnichannel and e-commerce retail are competitive and evolving environments. Insufficient, untimely or inadequately prioritized or ineffectively implemented investments could significantly impact our profitability and growth and affect our ability to attract new customers, as well as maintain our existing ones. 
 
 Enhancing the customer experience through omnichannel programs such as buy-online-pickup-in-store, new or expanded delivery options, the ability to shop through a mobile application or other similar programs depends in part on the effectiveness of our inventory management processes and systems, the effectiveness of our merchandising strategy and mix, our supply chain and distribution capabilities, and the timing and effectiveness of our marketing activities, particularly our promotions. Costs associated with implementing omnichannel initiatives may be higher than expected, and the initiatives may not result in increased sales, including same store sales, customer traffic, customer loyalty or other anticipated results. Website downtime and other technology disruptions in our e-commerce platform, including interruptions due to cyber-related issues or natural disasters, as well as supply and distribution delays and other related issues may affect the successful operation of our e-commerce platform. If we are not able to successfully operate or improve our e-commerce platform and omnichannel business, we may not be able to provide a relevant shopping experience or improve customer traffic, sales or margins, and our reputation, operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully integrate future acquisitions into our existing operations or implement joint ventures or other strategic relationships, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We expect to continue to make strategic acquisitions and enter into strategic relationships as an element of our growth strategy. Acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic relationships involve certain risks that could cause our growth and profitability to differ from our expectations. The success of these acquisitions and relationships depends on a number of factors, including but not limited to: 
 
 our ability to continue to identify and acquire suitable targets or strategic partners, or to acquire additional companies or enter into strategic relationships, at favorable prices and/or with favorable terms; 
 our ability to obtain the full benefits envisioned by strategic transactions or relationships; 
 the risk that management s attention may be distracted; 
 our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 our ability to successfully integrate the operations and systems of the acquired companies, and to achieve the strategic, operational, financial or other anticipated synergies of the acquisition or other transaction or relationship; 
 the performance of our strategic partners; 
 significant transaction or integration costs that may not be offset by the synergies or other benefits achieved in the near term or at all; 
 additional operational risks, such as those associated with doing business internationally or expanding operations into new territories, geographies or channels, that may become applicable to us; and 
 loss contingencies that we may assume or become subject to, whether known or unknown, of acquired companies, which could relate to past, present or future facts, events, circumstances or occurrences. 

8 

Table of Contents ` 

 If we experience difficulties implementing various information systems, our ability to conduct our business could be negatively impacted. 
 
 We are dependent on information systems to facilitate the day-to-day operations of the business and to produce timely, accurate and reliable information on financial and operational results. We are in the process of implementing and updating various information systems. These implementations will require significant investment of human and financial resources, and we may experience significant delays, increased costs and other difficulties with these projects. Any significant disruption or deficiency in the design and implementation of these information systems could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business. While we have invested meaningful resources in planning, project management and training, additional and significant implementation issues may arise as we integrate onto these new information systems that may disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and internal controls structure. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain adequate supply chain capacity and improve supply chain efficiency, we will not be able to expand our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our store inventories are primarily replenished by shipments from our network of distribution centers, warehouses and hub stores. As we expand our market presence, we will need to increase efficiency and maintain adequate capacity of our supply chain network in order to achieve the business goal of reducing inventory costs while improving availability and movement of goods throughout our supply chain to meet consumer product needs and channel preferences. We continue to streamline and optimize our supply chain network and systems. If our investments in our supply chain do not provide the anticipated benefits, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels, inventory availability or increases in our costs, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are dependent on our suppliers to supply us with products that comply with safety and quality standards at competitive prices. 
 
 We are dependent on our vendors continuing to supply us with quality products on payment terms that are favorable to us. If our merchandise offerings do not meet our customers expectations regarding safety, innovation and quality, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. Our suppliers are subject to applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. We have also established standards for product safety and quality and workplace standards that we require all our suppliers to meet. We do not condone human trafficking, forced labor, child labor, harassment or abuse of any kind, and we expect our suppliers to operate within these same principles. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who can supply products in a timely and efficient manner that meet our standards can be challenging. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action and private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. Suppliers may also fail to invest adequately in design, production or distribution facilities, may reduce their customer incentives, advertising and promotional activities or change their pricing policies. To the extent our suppliers are subject to additional government regulation of their product design and/or manufacturing processes, the cost of the merchandise we purchase may rise. In addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety or quality of the products we sell could cause our customers to seek alternative sources for their needs, resulting in lost sales. In those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to regain the confidence of our customers. 
 
 Our reliance on suppliers, including freight carriers and other third parties in our global supply chain, subjects us to various risks and uncertainties which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 We source the products we sell from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers, and place significant reliance upon various third parties to transport, store and distribute those products to our distribution centers, stores and customers. Our financial results depend on us securing acceptable terms with our suppliers for, among other things, the price of merchandise we purchase from them, funding for various forms of promotional programs, payment terms and provisions covering returns and factory warranties. To varying degrees, our suppliers may be able to leverage their competitive advantages - for example, their financial strength, the strength of their brand with customers, their own stores or online channels or their relationships with other retailers - to our commercial disadvantage. Generally, our ability to negotiate favorable terms with our suppliers is more difficult with suppliers for whom our purchases represent a smaller proportion of their total revenues, consequently impacting our profitability from such vendor relationships. If we encounter any of these issues with our suppliers, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 

9 

Table of Contents ` 

 In addition, our suppliers, including those within our global supply chain, are impacted by global conditions that in turn may impact our ability to source merchandise at competitive prices or timely supply product at levels adequate to meet consumer demand. For example, the recent surges in consumer demand, shortages of raw materials and disruptions to the global supply chain resulting from lack of carrier capacity, labor shortages, port congestion and/or closures, amongst other factors, have negatively impacted costs and inventory availability and may continue to have a negative impact on future results and profitability. As suppliers increase prices charged to us for products, including transportation and distribution, as a result of these or other factors, it may negatively impact our results. If we experience transitions or changeover with any of our significant vendors, or if they experience financial difficulties or otherwise are unable to deliver merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have product shortages in our stores that could adversely affect customers perceptions of us and cause us to lose customers and sales. 
 
 We depend on the services of many qualified executives and other team members, whom we may not be able to attract, develop and retain. 
 
 Our success, to a significant extent, depends on the continued engagement, services and experience of our executives and other team members. We may not be able to retain our current executives and other key team members or attract and retain additional qualified executives and team members who may be needed in the future. Our ability to attract, develop and retain an adequate number of qualified team members depends on factors such as employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers, availability of qualified personnel, our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefit packages and our ability to maintain a safe working environment. For example, during 2021 and 2022, we experienced unusually low availability of workers, which we believe was primarily attributable to COVID-19-pandemic-related factors, and in turn has created increased competition in labor markets. Disruptions and heightened competition may increase our costs, impact our ability to serve customers and otherwise affect our business operations. We also believe our future success will depend in part upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel for whom the market is highly competitive, particularly for individuals with certain types of technical skills. Failure to recruit or retain qualified employees may impair our efficiency and effectiveness and our ability to pursue growth opportunities. Additionally, turnover in executive or other key positions can disrupt progress in implementing business strategies, result in a loss of institutional knowledge, cause other team members to take on substantially more responsibility which results in greater workload demands and diverting attention away from key areas of the business, or otherwise negatively impact our growth prospects or future operating results. In February 2023, our President and Chief Executive Officer informed our Board of his intention to retire from his position at the end of the year. Leadership transitions can be inherently difficult to manage, and uncertainty regarding future leadership at our organization or inadequate transition of our Chief Executive Officer may increase the risk of turnover in executive or other key positions, negatively impact our ability to recruit and retain talent, cause disruption to our business or hinder our planning, execution and future performance. 
 
 We operate in a competitive labor market and there is a risk that market increases in compensation could have an adverse effect on our profitability. Market or government regulated increases to employee hourly wage rates, along with our ability to implement corresponding adjustments within our labor model and wage rates, could have a significant impact to the profitability of our business. In addition, approximately 2 of our team members are represented by unions. If these team members were to engage in a strike, work stoppage, or other slowdown, or if the terms and conditions in labor agreements were renegotiated, we could experience a disruption in our operations and higher ongoing labor costs. If we fail or are unable to maintain competitive compensation, our customer service and execution levels could suffer by reason of a declining quality of our workforce, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Because we are involved in litigation from time to time, and are subject to numerous laws and governmental regulations, we could incur substantial judgments, fines, legal fees and other costs. 
 
 We are sometimes the subject of complaints or litigation, which may include class action litigation from customers, team members or others for various actions. From time to time, we are involved in litigation involving claims related to, among other things, breach of contract, tortious conduct, employment, discrimination, breach of laws or regulations (including The Americans With Disabilities Act), payment of wages, exposure to asbestos or potentially hazardous product, real estate and product defects. The damages sought against us in some of these litigation proceedings are substantial. Although we maintain liability insurance for some litigation claims, if one or more of the claims were to greatly exceed our insurance coverage limits or if our insurance policies do not cover a claim, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For instance, we are subject to numerous lawsuits alleging injury as a result of exposure to asbestos-containing products (see Note 13. Contingencies , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein). 

10 

Table of Contents ` 

 We are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and governmental regulations relating to, among other things, environmental protection, product quality and safety standards, building and zoning requirements, labor and employment, discrimination, anti-bribery/anti-corruption, data privacy and income taxes. Compliance with existing and future laws and regulations could increase the cost of doing business and adversely affect our results of operations. If we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions while incurring substantial legal fees and costs as well as reputational risk. In addition, our capital and operating expenses could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations. 
 
 We work diligently to maintain the privacy and security of our customers, suppliers, team members and business information and the functioning of our computer systems, website and other online offerings. In the event of a security breach or other cyber security incident, we could experience adverse operational effects or interruptions and/or become subject to legal or regulatory proceedings, any of which could lead to damage to our reputation in the marketplace and substantial costs. 
 
 The nature of our business requires us to receive, retain and transmit certain personally identifiable information about our customers, suppliers and team members, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers. While we have taken and continue to undertake significant steps to protect such personally identifiable information and other confidential information and to protect the functioning of our computer systems, website and other online offerings, a compromise of our data security systems or those of businesses we interact with could result in information related to our customers, suppliers, team members or business being obtained by unauthorized persons or adverse operational effects or interruptions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We develop, maintain and update processes and systems in an effort to try to prevent this from occurring, but these actions are costly and require constant, ongoing attention as technologies change, privacy and information security regulations change, and efforts to overcome security measures by bad actors continue to become ever more sophisticated. The cost of complying with stricter and more complex data privacy (such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, which grants expanded rights to access and delete personal information and opt out of certain personal information sharing), data collection and information security laws and standards could also be significant to us. Such laws and standards may also increase our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with privacy laws and regulations. 
 
 Despite our efforts, our security measures may be breached in the future due to a cyber attack, computer malware viruses, exploitation of hardware and software vulnerabilities, team member error, malfeasance, fraudulent inducement (including so-called social engineering attacks and phishing scams) or other acts. While we have experienced threats to our data and systems, including phishing attacks, to date we are not aware that we have experienced a material cyber-security breach that has in any manner hindered our operational capabilities or resulted in a known data breach. Unauthorized parties may in the future obtain access to our data or the data of our customers, suppliers or team members or may otherwise cause damage to or interfere with our equipment, our data and/or our network including our supply chain. While we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover losses in any particular situation. Any breach, damage to or interference with our equipment or our network, or unauthorized access in the future could result in significant operational difficulties including legal and financial exposure and damage to our reputation that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. While we also seek to obtain assurances that others we interact with will protect confidential information, there is always the risk that the confidentiality or accessibility of data held or utilized by others may be compromised. If a compromise of our data security or function of our computer systems or website were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and possibly subject us to additional legal, regulatory and operating costs and damage our reputation in the marketplace. 
 
 Business interruptions may negatively impact our store hours, operability of our computer systems and the availability and cost of merchandise, which may adversely impact our sales and profitability. 
 
 Hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes or other natural disasters, war or acts of terrorism, public health issues or pandemics or the threat of any of these incidents or others, may have a negative impact on our ability to obtain merchandise to sell in our stores, result in certain of our stores being closed for an extended period of time, negatively affect the lives of our customers or team members, or otherwise negatively impact our operations. Some of our merchandise is imported from other countries. If imported goods become difficult or impossible to import into the United States due to business interruption (including regulation of exporting or importing), and if we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar costs and without an adverse delay, our sales and profit margins may be negatively affected. 
 
 In the event that commercial transportation, including the global shipping industry, is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may be adversely impacted as we may have difficulty receiving merchandise from our suppliers and/or transporting it to our stores. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents ` 

Terrorist attacks, warfare, geopolitical unrest, or uncertainty or insurrection involving any oil producing country could result in an abrupt increase in the price of crude oil, gasoline and diesel fuel. Such price increases would increase the cost of doing business for us and our suppliers, and also negatively impact our customers disposable income, causing an adverse impact on our business, sales, profit margins and results of operations. 
 
 We rely extensively on our computer systems and the systems of our business partners to manage inventory, process transactions and report results. These systems are subject to damage or interruption due to various reasons such as power outages, telecommunication failures, computer viruses, security breaches, malicious cyber attacks and catastrophic events or occasional system breakdowns related to ordinary use or wear and tear. If our computer systems or those of our business partners fail, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to process transactions and manage inventory. Any significant business interruptions may make it difficult or impossible to continue operations, and any disaster recovery or crisis management plans we may employ may not suffice in any particular situation to avoid a significant adverse impact to our business, financial condition and our results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Industry and the Business Environment 
 
 If overall demand for the products we sell declines, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will suffer. Decreased demand could also negatively impact our stock price. 
 
 Overall demand for products we sell depends on many factors and may decrease due to any number of reasons, including: 
 
 a decrease in the total number of vehicles on the road or in the number of annual miles driven or significant increase in the use of ride sharing services , because fewer vehicles means less maintenance and repairs, and lower vehicle mileage, which decreases the need for maintenance and repair; 
 the economy , because as consumers reduce their discretionary spending by deferring vehicle maintenance or repair, sales may decline and as new car purchases increase, the number of cars requiring maintenance and repair may decrease; 
 the weather, because milder weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automobile parts while extended periods of rain and winter precipitation may cause our customers to defer elective maintenance and repair of their vehicles; additionally, overall climate changes could create greater variability in weather events, which may result in greater volatility for our business, or lead to other significant weather conditions that could impact our business; 
 the average duration of vehicle manufacturer warranties and average age of vehicles driven, because newer cars typically require fewer repairs and will be repaired by the manufacturers dealer networks using dealer parts pursuant to warranties (which have gradually increased in duration and/or mileage expiration over the recent past), while vehicles that are seven years old and older are generally no longer covered under manufacturers warranties and tend to need more maintenance and repair; 
 an increase in internet-based retailers , because potentially favorable prices and ease of use of purchasing parts via other websites on the internet may decrease the need for customers to visit and purchase their aftermarket parts from our physical stores and may cause fewer customers to order aftermarket parts on our website; 
 technological advances, including the rate of adoption of electric vehicles, hybrid vehicles, ride sharing services, alternative modes of transportation, autonomously driven vehicles and future legislation related thereto, and the increase in the quality of vehicles manufactured , because vehicles that need less frequent maintenance or have lower part failure rates will require less frequent repairs using aftermarket parts and, in the case of electric and hybrid vehicles, do not require or require less frequent oil changes; and 
 the refusal of vehicle manufacturers to make available diagnostic, repair and maintenance information to the automotive aftermarket industry that our professional and DIY customers require to diagnose, repair and maintain their vehicles , because this may force consumers to have a majority of diagnostic work, repairs and maintenance performed by the vehicle manufacturers dealer networks. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory or market responses regarding technological adaptation in the automotive industry. 
 
 Policy makers in the U.S. may enact legislative or regulatory proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions and encourage more rapid adoption of vehicles that minimize emissions. Such laws, if enacted, are likely to impact our business in a number of ways. For example, significant increases in fuel economy requirements, new federal or state restrictions on emissions of carbon dioxide or new federal or state incentive programs that may be imposed on vehicles and automobile fuels could adversely affect annual miles driven, purchases of used vehicles that are likely to have a higher need for maintenance and repair, or the relevancy of the products we sell to new vehicles coming into production. We 
 
 12 

Table of Contents ` 

 may not be able to accurately predict, prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations with respect to electric vehicles and other technologies that minimize emissions. Additionally, compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. Our inability to appropriately respond to such changes, adapt our business to meet evolving demands or innovate to remain competitive could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 If we are unable to compete successfully against other companies in the automotive aftermarket industry, we may lose customers and market share and our revenues may decline. 
 
 The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive and influenced by a number of factors, including name recognition, location, price, quality, product availability and customer service. We compete in both the professional and DIY categories of the automotive aftermarket industry, primarily with: (i) national and regional chains of automotive parts stores, (ii) internet-based retailers, (iii) discount stores and mass merchandisers that carry automotive products, (iv) wholesalers or jobbers stores, including those associated with national parts distributors or associations, (v) independently owned stores and (vi) automobile dealers that supply parts. These competitors and the level of competition vary by market. Some of our competitors may possess advantages over us in certain markets we share, including with respect to the level of marketing activities, number of stores, store locations, store layouts, operating histories, name recognition, established customer bases, vendor relationships, prices and product warranties. Internet-based retailers may possess cost advantages over us due to lower overhead costs, time and travel savings and ability to price competitively. In order to compete favorably, we may need to increase delivery speeds and incur higher shipping costs or lower prices, which would adversely impact our financial results. Consolidation among our competitors could enhance their market share and financial position, provide them with the ability to achieve better purchasing terms and allow them to provide more competitive prices to customers for whom we compete. 
 
 In addition, our reputation is critical to our continued success. Customers are increasingly shopping, reading reviews and comparing products and prices online. If we fail to maintain high standards for, or receive negative publicity (whether through social media or traditional media channels) relating to, product safety and quality, as well as our integrity and reputation, we could lose customers to our competition. The products we sell are brands of our vendors and our owned brands. If the perceived quality or value of the brands we sell declines in the perception of our customers, our results of operations could be negatively affected. 
 
 Competition may require us to reduce our prices below our normal selling prices or increase our promotional spending, which could lower our revenue and profitability. Competitive disadvantages may also prevent us from introducing new product lines, require us to discontinue current product offerings, or change some of our current operating strategies. If we do not have the resources, expertise and consistent execution, or otherwise fail to develop successful strategies, to address these potential competitive disadvantages, we may lose customers and market share, our revenues and profit margins may decline and we may be less profitable or potentially unprofitable. 
 
 Our inventory and ability to meet customer expectations may be adversely impacted by factors out of our control. 
 
 For the portion of our inventory manufactured and/or sourced outside the United States, geopolitical changes, changes in trade regulations or tariff rates, currency fluctuations, work stoppages, labor strikes, port delays, civil unrest, natural disasters, pandemics and other factors beyond our control may increase the cost of items we purchase or create shortages that could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. In addition, unanticipated changes in consumer preferences or any unforeseen hurdles in meeting our customers needs for automotive products (particularly parts availability) in a timely manner could undermine our business strategy. 
 
 Deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions, including unemployment, inflation or deflation, consumer debt levels, and/or high fuel and energy costs, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows due to impacts on our suppliers, customers and operating results. 
 
 Our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers ability and willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. Many factors outside our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. Such factors include a general decline in the economy and economic conditions and prolonged recessionary conditions. These events could negatively affect our suppliers operations and make it difficult for them to obtain the credit lines or loans necessary to finance their operations in the short-term or long-term and meet our product requirements. Financial or operational difficulties that some of our suppliers may face could also increase the cost of the products we purchase from them or our ability to source products from them. We might not be able to pass our increased costs onto our customers. If our suppliers fail to develop new products, we may not be able to meet the demands of our customers and our results of operations could be negatively affected. 

13 

Table of Contents ` 

 In addition, the trend towards consolidation among automotive parts suppliers as well as the off-shoring of manufacturing capacity to foreign countries may disrupt or end our relationship with certain suppliers, and could lead to less competition and result in higher prices. We could also be negatively impacted by suppliers who might experience bankruptcies, work stoppages, labor strikes, changes in foreign or domestic trade policies, changes in tariff rates or other interruptions to or difficulties in the manufacture or supply of the products we purchase from them. 
 
 Deterioration in macroeconomic conditions or an increase in fuel costs or proposed or additional tariffs may have a negative impact on our customers net worth, financial resources, disposable income or willingness or ability to pay for accessories, maintenance or repairs for their vehicles, resulting in lower sales. An increase in fuel costs may also reduce the overall number of miles driven by our customers resulting in fewer parts failures and a reduced need for elective maintenance. 
 
 Rising energy prices also directly impact our operating and product costs, including our store, supply chain, professional delivery, utility and product acquisition costs. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Financial Condition 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities class action litigation. 
 
 The stock market and the price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations based upon general economic and market conditions. Downturns in the stock market may cause the price of our common stock to decline. The market price of our stock may also be affected by our ability to meet analysts expectations. Failure to meet such expectations, even slightly, could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against such a company. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business. For example, in February 2018, following a significant decline in the price of our common stock, a putative class action was commenced against us. The settlement agreement received final approval by the court in June 2022 and was fully paid by our insurance carriers (see Note 13. Contingencies of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 
 The amount and frequency of our share repurchases and dividend payments may fluctuate. 
 
 The amount, timing and execution of our share repurchase program may fluctuate based on our priorities for the use of cash for other purposes such as operational spending, capital spending, acquisitions or repayment of debt. Changes in operational results, cash flows, tax laws and our share price could also impact our share repurchase program and other capital activities. For example, in August 2022, Congress enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which instituted, among other things, a 1 excise tax on certain corporate share repurchases beginning on January 1, 2023. Additionally, decisions to return capital to stockholders, including through our repurchase program or the issuance of dividends on our common stock, remain subject to determination of our Board of Directors that any such activity is in the best interests of our stockholders and is in compliance with all applicable laws and contractual obligations. 
 
 Our level of indebtedness, a downgrade in our credit ratings or a deterioration in global credit markets could limit the cash flow available for operations and could adversely affect our ability to service our debt or obtain additional financing. 
 
 Our level of indebtedness could restrict our operations and make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations. For example, our level of indebtedness could, among other things: 
 
 affect our liquidity by limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital; 
 limit our ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and acquisitions or make any available financing more costly; 
 require us to dedicate all or a substantial portion of our cash flow to service our debt, which would reduce funds available for other business purposes, such as capital expenditures, dividends or acquisitions; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in the markets in which we compete; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors who may have less indebtedness; 
 render us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations. 
 
 The indentures governing our senior unsecured notes and credit agreement governing our credit facilities contain financial and other restrictive covenants. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debt, including such notes. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents ` 

In addition, our overall credit rating may be negatively impacted by deteriorating and uncertain credit markets or other factors that may or may not be within our control. The interest rates on our revolving credit facility are linked directly to our credit ratings and the interest rates on future debt we issue or incur likely would be affected by our credit ratings in effect at the time such debt is issued or incurred. Accordingly, any negative impact on our credit ratings would likely result in higher interest rates and interest expense on any borrowings under our revolving credit facility and less favorable terms on our other operating and financing arrangements, including additional debt we may issue or incur in the future. In addition, it could reduce the attractiveness of certain vendor payment programs whereby third-party institutions finance arrangements to our vendors based on our credit rating, which could result in increased working capital requirements. 
 
 Conditions and events in the global credit market could have a material adverse effect on our access to short- and long-term borrowings to finance our operations and the terms and cost of that debt. It is possible that one or more of the banks that provide us with financing under our revolving credit facility may fail to honor the terms of our existing credit facility or be financially unable to provide the unused credit as a result of significant deterioration in such bank s financial condition. An inability to obtain sufficient financing at cost-effective rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 The following table summarizes the location, ownership status and total square footage of space utilized for distribution centers, principal corporate offices and retail stores and branches as of December 31, 2022: 
 Square Footage (in thousands) 
 Location Leased Owned Distribution centers 50 locations in 31 U.S. states and four Canadian provinces 
 7,951 4,648 Principal corporate offices: Raleigh, NC Raleigh, NC 245 Roanoke, VA Roanoke, VA 265 Stores and branches 4,915 stores and branches in 48 U.S. states and two U.S. territories and 171 stores and branches in nine Canadian provinces 
 36,302 6,289 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 Refer to discussion in Note 13. Contingencies , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for information relating to legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents ` 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AAP. 
 
 As of February 24, 2023, there w ere 375 holders of record of our common stock, which does not include the number of beneficial owners whose shares were repres ented by security position listings. 
 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to repurchases of our common stock for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Maximum Dollar Value that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Programs in thousands (2) 
 October 9, 2022 to November 5, 2022 441,926 169.71 441,762 947,339 November 6, 2022 to December 3, 2022 5,741 151.79 947,339 December 4, 2022 to December 31, 2022 2 140.90 947,339 Total 447,669 169.54 441,762 
 
 (1) The aggregate cost of repurchasing shares in connection with the net settlement of shares issued as a result of the vesting of restricted stock units was 0.9 million, or an average price of 151.78 per share, during the twelve weeks ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) On February 8, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an additional 1 billion to the existing share repurchase program. This authorization is incremental to the 1.7 billion that was previously authorized by our Board of Directors. 

16 

Table of Contents ` 

 Stock Price Performance 
 
 The following graph shows a comparison of the cumulative total return on our common stock, the Standard Poor s S P 500 Index and the S P s Retail Index. The graph assumes that the value of an investment in our common stock and in each such index was 100 on December 30, 2017, and that any dividends have been reinvested. The comparison in the graph below is based solely on historical data and is not intended to forecast the possible future performance of our common stock. 
 
 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN AMONG 
 ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC., S P 500 INDEX 
 AND S P RETAIL INDEX 

Company/Index December 30, 2017 December 29, 2018 December 28, 2019 January 2, 2021 January 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 Advance Auto Parts 100.00 151.06 154.32 155.68 243.72 159.22 S P 500 Index 100.00 94.80 126.06 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P Retail Index 100.00 112.04 144.71 210.44 251.08 165.00 

17 

Table of Contents ` 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated historical financial statements and the notes to those statements that appear elsewhere in this report. Our discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under the section titled Part 1. Item 1A. Risk Factors elsewhere in this report. The discussion of our financial condition and changes in our results of operations, liquidity and capital resources for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2022 2021 compared with the fiscal year ended January 2, 2021 2020 has been omitted from this Form 10-K, but are included in I tem 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Form 10-K for 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on February 15, 2022. Amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise stated. 
 
 Management Overview 
 
 Net sales increased 1.4 during the fifty-two weeks ended December 31, 2022 2022 compared with 2021, driven by improvements in strategic pricing and growth in both new store openings and sales to professional customers, partially offset by declines in DIY customer sales and units sold. Category growth was led by batteries, fluids and chemicals and motor oil. 
 
 We generated Diluted earnings per share Diluted EPS of 8.27 during 2022 compared with 9.55 in 2021. When adjusted for the following non-operational items, our Adjusted diluted earnings per share Adjusted EPS in 2022 was 13.04 compared with 12.02 in 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Last-in, first-out LIFO impacts 
 3.85 1.42 Transformation expenses 0.49 0.73 General Parts International, Inc. GPI amortization of acquired intangible assets 0.34 0.32 Other adjustments 0.09 
 
 Refer to Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition and reconciliation of Adjusted EPS and other non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 A high-level summary of our financial results and other highlights from 2022 includes: 
 
 Net sales during 2022 were 11.2 billion, an increase of 1.4 compared with 2021, driven by improvements in strategic pricing and growth in both new stores openings and sales to our professional customers, partially offset by declines in DIY customer sales and units sold. 
 Gross profit margin for 2022 was 44.5 of Net sales, a decrease of 33 basis points compared with 2021. This decrease was primarily due to inflationary product costs, including the impact of LIFO related expenses, and unfavorable channel mix, primarily offset by improvements in strategic pricing and product mix. 
 Operating income for 2022 was 714.2 million, a decrease of 124.6 million from 2021. As a percentage of Net sales, operating income was 6.4 , a decrease of 122 basis points compared with 2021. The increase in Selling, general and administrative SG A costs was primarily driven by increases in labor-related inflation and transportation and fuel costs, partially offset by decreases in incentive compensation and COVID-19 related expenses. 
 Cash flow from operations was 722.2 million during 2022, a decrease of 35.1 compared with 2021, primarily due to a decrease in Net income, as well as a decrease related to working capital primarily driven by an increase in cash used by Accrued Expenses and Inventories, partially offset by an increase in cash provided by Receivables, net. 
 
 Refer to Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources for further details on our results. 

18 

Table of Contents ` 

 Business and Risk Update 
 
 We continue to make progress on the various elements of our strategic business plan, which is focused on improving the customer experience and driving consistent execution for both professional and DIY customers. To achieve these improvements, we have undertaken planned strategic initiatives to help build a foundation for long-term success across the organization, which include: 
 
 Continued refinement of a demand-based assortment, leveraging purchase and search history from our common catalog, versus our existing push-down supply approach. 
 Advancement towards optimizing our footprint by market to drive share, repurpose our in-market store and asset base and streamline our distribution network. 
 Continued evolution of our marketing campaigns, which focus on our customers and how we serve them every day with care and speed and innovate to meet their needs, inclusive of the iconic DieHard brand. 
 Progress in the implementation of a more efficient end-to-end supply chain to deliver our broad assortment of inventory. 
 Actively pursuing new store openings in 2023, including through lease acquisition opportunities as available and appropriate, in existing markets and new markets. 
 Continued negotiations with vendors on strategic sourcing and pricing to help mitigate inflationary pressures. 
 
 Industry Update 
 
 Operating within the automotive aftermarket industry, we are influenced by a number of general macroeconomic factors, many of which are similar to those affecting the overall retail industry. In addition to the Business and Risk Update section included within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, these factors include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Inflationary pressures, including product costs, logistics and labor 
 Global supply chain disruptions 
 Fuel costs 
 Unemployment rates 
 Consumer confidence and purchasing power 
 Competition 
 Changes in new car sales 
 Miles driven 
 Vehicle manufacturer warranties 
 Average age of vehicles in operation 
 Economic and political uncertainty 
 Deferral of elective automotive maintenance and improvements in new car quality 
 
 While these factors tend to fluctuate, we remain confident in the long-term growth prospects for the automotive parts industry. 

19 

Table of Contents ` 

 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth certain of our operating data expressed as a percentage of net sales for the periods indicated. 
 Year Ended 2022 vs. 2021 Change Basis Points 2021 vs. 2020 Change Basis Points (in millions) December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 January 2, 2021 Net sales 11,154.7 100.0 10,998.0 100.0 10,106.3 100.0 156.7 891.7 Cost of sales 
 6,192.6 55.5 6,069.2 55.2 5,624.7 55.7 123.4 33 444.5 (47) Gross profit 4,962.1 44.5 4,928.7 44.8 4,481.6 44.3 33.3 (33) 447.2 47 SG A 4,247.9 38.1 4,090.0 37.2 3,731.7 36.9 157.9 89 358.3 26 Operating income 714.2 6.4 838.7 7.6 749.9 7.4 (124.6) (122) 88.9 21 Interest expense (51.1) (0.5) (37.8) (0.3) (46.9) (0.5) (13.3) (11) 9.1 12 Loss on debt extinguishment (7.4) (0.1) (48.0) (0.5) (7.4) (7) 48.0 48 Other (expense) income, net (7.0) (0.1) 5.0 0.0 (4.0) 0.0 (12.0) (11) 9.0 8 Provision for income taxes (146.8) (1.3) (189.8) (1.7) (158.0) (1.6) 43.0 41 (31.8) (16) Net income 501.9 4.5 616.1 5.6 493.0 4.9 (114.3) (110) 123.2 72 
 Note 1: Table amounts may not foot due to rounding. 
 Note 2: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 included 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 included 53 weeks. 

Net Sales 
 
 Net sales for 2022 were 11.2 billion, an increase of 156.7 million, or 1.4 , compared with 2021, and was primarily driven by an improvement in strategic pricing and growth in both new store openings and professional sales, partially offset by declines in DIY customer sales and units sold. Comparable store sales increased 0.3 led primarily by the professional business. Category growth was led by batteries, fluids and chemicals and motor oil. 
 
 We calculate comparable store sales based on the change in store or branch sales starting once a location has been open for 13 complete accounting periods (approximately one year) and by including e-commerce sales. Sales to independently owned Carquest stores are excluded from our comparable store sales. Acquired stores are included in our comparable store sales once the stores have completed 13 complete accounting periods following the acquisition date. We include sales from relocated stores in comparable store sales from the original date of opening. Comparable sales is intended only as supplemental information and is not a substitute for Net sales presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit in 2022 was 5.0 billion, or 44.5 of Net sales, compared with 4.9 billion, or 44.8 of Net sales, in 2021, a decrease of 33 basis points. Gross profit as a percentage of Net sales was negatively impacted by inflationary product costs, including an increase in LIFO related expenses, of 189.5 million and unfavorable channel mix, primarily offset by improvements in strategic pricing and product mix. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 SG A for 2022 was 4.2 billion, or 38.1 of Net sales, compared with 4.1 billion, or 37.2 of Net sales, for 2021, an increase of 89 basis points. This increase as a percentage of Net sales was primarily driven by increases in labor-related inflation and transportation and fuel costs partially offset by decreases in incentive compensation and COVID-19 related expenses. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense for 2022 was 51.1 million, an increase of 13.3 million compared with 2021. This increase was primarily due to incremental borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility, partially offset by a 100-basis-point rate differential between our issued versus retired senior unsecured notes in 2022. Refer to Note 6. Long-term Debt and Fair Value of Financial Instruments of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further details. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents ` 

Loss on Early Redemptions of Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 During the fifty-two weeks ended December 31, 2022, we incurred charges related to a make-whole provision and debt issuance costs of 7.0 million and 0.4 million related to the early redemption of our 4.50 senior unsecured notes due December 1, 2023 ("2023 Notes"). Refer to Note 6. Long-term Debt and Fair Value of Financial Instruments of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further details. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 Our Provision for income taxes for 2022 was 146.8 million compared with 189.8 million for 2021, a decrease of 43.0 million primarily due to a decrease in taxable income. Our effective tax rate was 22.6 for 2022 and 23.6 for 2021. In 2022, the rate decreased compared with prior year primarily due to a tax benefit resulting from the expiration of statute of limitations for certain tax years in multiple states as well as enhanced utilization of tax credits in the current year. 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes certain financial measures not derived in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures, including Adjusted net income and Adjusted EPS, should not be used as a substitute for GAAP financial measures, or considered in isolation, for the purpose of analyzing our operating performance, financial position or cash flows. We have presented these non-GAAP financial measures as we believe that the presentation of our financial results that exclude: (1) LIFO impacts; (2) transformation expenses under our strategic business plan; (3) non-cash amortization related to the acquired GPI intangible assets; and (4) other nonrecurring adjustments, are useful and indicative of our base operations because the expenses vary from period to period in terms of size, nature and significance and/or relate to store closure and consolidation activity in excess of historical levels. These measures assist in comparing our current operating results with past periods and with the operational performance of other companies in our industry. The disclosure of these measures allows investors to evaluate our performance using the same measures management uses in developing internal budgets and forecasts and in evaluating management s compensation. Included below is a description of the expenses we have determined are not normal, recurring cash operating expenses necessary to operate our business and the rationale for why providing these measures is useful to investors as a supplement to the GAAP measures. 
 
 LIFO Impacts Beginning the first quarter of 2021, to assist in comparing our current operating results with the operational performance of other companies in our industry, the impact of LIFO on our results of operations is a reconciling item to arrive at non-GAAP financial measures. 

Transformation Expenses Costs incurred in connection with our business plan that focuses on specific transformative activities that relate to the integration and streamlining of our operating structure across the enterprise, that we do not view to be normal cash operating expenses. These expenses will include, but not be limited to the following: 
 
 Restructuring costs - Costs primarily relating to the early termination of lease obligations, asset impairment charges, other facility closure costs and team member severance in connection with our voluntary retirement program and continued optimization of our organization. 
 Third-party professional services - Costs primarily relating to services rendered by vendors for assisting us with the development of various information technology and supply chain projects in connection with our enterprise integration initiatives. 
 Other significant costs - Costs primarily relating to accelerated depreciation of various legacy information technology and supply chain systems in connection with our enterprise integration initiatives and temporary off-site workspace for project teams who are primarily working on the development of specific transformative activities that relate to the integration and streamlining of our operating structure across the enterprise. 
 
 GPI Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets As part of our acquisition of GPI, we obtained various intangible assets, including customer relationships, non-compete contracts and favorable lease agreements, which are subject to amortization through 2025. 

21 

Table of Contents ` 

 We have included a reconciliation of this information to the most comparable GAAP measures in the following table: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Net income (GAAP) 501,872 616,108 Cost of sales adjustments: LIFO impacts 311,766 122,303 Transformation expenses: Other significant costs 2,572 2,608 SG A adjustments: GPI amortization of acquired intangible assets 27,407 27,587 Transformation expenses: Restructuring costs 4,657 27,307 Third-party professional services 27,074 24,099 Other significant costs 5,351 8,796 Other income adjustment (1) 
 7,408 Provision for income taxes on adjustments (2) 
 (96,559) (53,175) Adjusted net income (Non-GAAP) 791,548 775,633 Diluted earnings per share (GAAP) 8.27 9.55 Adjustments, net of tax 4.77 2.47 Adjusted diluted earnings per share (Non-GAAP) 13.04 12.02 
 
 (1) During 2022, we incurred charges relating to a make-whole provision and debt issuance cost of 7.0 million and 0.4 million resulting from the early redemption of our 2023 Notes. 
 (2) The income tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments is calculated using the estimated tax rate in effect for the respective non-GAAP adjustments. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our primary cash requirements necessary to maintain our current operations include payroll and benefits, inventory purchases, contractual obligations, capital expenditures, payment of income taxes, funding of initiatives under our strategic business plan and other operational priorities, including payment of interest on our long-term debt. Historically, we have also used available funds to repay borrowings under our credit facility, to periodically repurchase shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program, to pay our quarterly cash dividend and for acquisitions; however, depending on the priorities of our business and in consideration of ongoing uncertainties related to general global macroeconomic conditions, our future uses of cash may differ, including with respect to the weight we place on the preservation of cash and liquidity, degree of investment in our business and other capital allocation factors. Given macroeconomic uncertainties and our planned focus on improved working capital, we expect to temporarily pause share repurchases in 2023. 
 
 Typically, we have funded our cash requirements primarily through cash generated from operations, supplemented by borrowings under our credit facilities and notes offerings as needed. We believe funds generated from our expected results of operations, available cash and cash equivalents, and available borrowings under our credit facility will be sufficient to fund our obligations for the next year. We also believe such funds, cash and available borrowings, together with our ability to generate cash through credit facilities and notes offerings as needed, will be sufficient to fund our obligations long-term. Cash requirements for obligations next year and beyond are discussed in the Contractual and Off Balance Sheet Obligations section below. 
 
 On March 4, 2022, we issued our 3.50 senior unsecured notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes ). Refer to Note 6. Long-term Debt and Fair Value of Financial Instruments of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further details. Proceeds from our 2032 Notes were utilized to fund the early redemption of our 2023 Notes and supplement operational and capital expenditures. 

22 

Table of Contents ` 

 Share Repurchases 
 
 In August of 2019, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program. Under the program, we may periodically repurchase shares of our common stock at market prices through open market purchases effected through a broker dealer and in privately negotiated transactions. The Board of Directors may increase or otherwise modify, renew, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program without prior notice. On February 8, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an additional 1.0 billion toward our share repurchase program. Previously, in April 2021 and November 2019, our Board of Directors authorized 1.0 billion and 700.0 million for our share repurchase program. 
 
 During 2022, we repurchased 3.0 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of 598.2 million, or an average price of 201.88 per share, in connection with our share repurchase program. During 2021, we repurchased 4.6 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of 886.7 million, or an average price of 192.92 per share, under our share repurchase program. 
 
 We had 947.3 million remaining under our share repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for further details on our share repurchase program. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our primary capital re quirements have been the funding of our investments in information technology and supply chain, e-commerce and maintenance of existing stores and branches. We lease approximately 84 of our stores and branches. 
 
 Our capital expenditures were 424.1 million in 2022, an increase of 134.4 million from 2021, and were primarily related to investments in new store openings, inclusive of leasehold improvements, as well as investments in information technology and supply chain. 
 
 Our future capital requirements will depend in large part on the timing or number of the investments we make in information technology and supply chain network initiatives and existing stores and new store development (leased and owned locations) within a given year. In 2023, we anticipate that our capital expenditures related to such investments will range from 300 million to 350 million but may vary with business conditions. 
 
 Analysis of Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 January 2, 2021 Cash flows provided by operating activities 722,222 1,112,262 969,688 Cash flows used in investing activities (424,448) (287,314) (266,897) Cash flows used in financing activities (620,704) (1,064,112) (285,997) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (9,216) 5,600 (467) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (332,146) (233,564) 416,327 
 
 23 

Table of Contents ` 

Operating Activities 
 
 In 2022, Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 390.0 million to 722.2 million. The net decrease in cash flows provided by operating activities compared with the prior year was primarily driven by lower Net income, higher incentive compensation expense payout and a decrease in overall working capital. The decrease in working capital was primarily driven by an increase in cash used by Accrued expenses and Inventories, partially offset by an increase in cash provided by Receivables, net. Refer to Results of Operations for further details on our results. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 In 2022, Net cash used in investing activities increased 137.1 million to 424.4 million compared with 2021. Cash used in investing activities for 2022 consisted primarily of purchases of property and equipment attributable to investments in new store openings, including leasehold improvements, as well as information technology and supply chain. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 In 2022, Net cash used in financing activities decreased by 443.4 million to 620.7 million compared with 2021. The net decrease in cash used in financing activities was attributable to net proceeds of 348.6 million received from the issuance of the 2032 Notes, a decrease in share repurchases of our common stock of 287.7 million and proceeds from net borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility of 185.0 million during the fifty-two weeks ended December 31, 2022. The decrease was partially offset by a net payment of 201.1 million for the early redemption of our 2023 Notes and an increase in dividends paid of 175.3 million during 2022 compared with 2021. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend since 2006. Any payments of dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our results of operations, cash flows, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 
 
 Long-Term Debt 
 
 On March 4, 2022, we issued 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2032 Notes. The 2032 Notes were issued at 99.61 of the principal amount of 350.0 million, are due March 15, 2032 and bear interest at 3.50 per year payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year. 
 
 On April 3, 2022, we redeemed the remaining 193.2 million principal amount of our outstanding 2023 Notes. In connection with this early redemption, we incurred charges related to the make-whole provision and debt issuance costs of 7.0 million and 0.4 million. 
 
 For additional information on transactions entered into relating to long-term debt during the fifty-two weeks ended December 31, 2022, refer to Note 6. Long-term Debt and Fair Value of Financial Instruments of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 As of February 28, 2023, we had a credit rating from S P of BBB- and from Moody s Investor Service of Baa2. The current outlooks by S P and Moody s are both stable. The current pricing grid used to determine our borrowing rate under our revolving credit facility is based on our credit ratings. If these credit ratings decline, our interest rate on outstanding balances may increase and our access to additional financing on favorable terms may be limited. In addition, it could reduce the attractiveness of certain vendor payment programs whereby third-party institutions finance arrangements to our vendors based on our credit rating, which could result in increased working capital requirements. Conversely, if these credit ratings improve, our interest rate may decrease. 
 
 With respect to all senior unsecured notes for which Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Issuer is an issuer or provides a full and unconditional guarantee, Advance Stores, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer, serves as the guarantor Guarantor Subsidiary ). The subsidiary guarantees related to our senior unsecured notes are full and unconditional and joint and several, and there are no restrictions on the ability of the Issuer to obtain funds from its Guarantor Subsidiary. Our captive insurance subsidiary, an insignificant wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer, does not serve as guarantor of our senior unsecured notes. 

24 

Table of Contents ` 

Contractual and Off Balance Sheet Obligations 
 
 We enter into operating leases for certain store locations, distribution centers, office spaces, equipment and vehicles. Our property leases generally contain renewal and escalation clauses and other concessions. These provisions are considered in our calculation of our minimum lease payments that are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term. Any lease payments that are based upon an existing index or rate are included in our minimum lease payment calculations. As of December 31, 2022, our operating lease obligations were 2.69 billion. As of December 31, 2022, our long-term debt, consisting of senior unsecured notes with varying maturities through 2032, was 1.20 billion and our credit revolver outstanding balance was 185.0 million. Future interest payable related to long-term debt was 293.3 million as of December 31, 2022. As part of our normal operations, we enter into purchase commitments primarily for the purchase of goods or services that are enforceable, legally binding and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. As of December 31, 2022, our purchase commitments were 121.0 million. 
 
 On February 27, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 1 (the Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated November 9, 2021, with Advance Auto Parts, Inc., as Borrower, Advance Stores Company, Incorporated, as a Guarantor, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the 2021 Credit Agreement ). The Amendment extends the maturity date of the 2021 Credit Agreement by one year from November 9, 2026, to November 9, 2027. The Amendment also replaces an adjusted LIBOR benchmark rate with a Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR benchmark rate, as adjusted by an increase of ten basis points, plus the applicable margin under 2021 Credit Agreement. The Amendment made no other material changes to the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement. The foregoing description of the Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Amendment, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10. 29 and is incorporated by reference herein. Subsequent to December 31, 2022 and through the date of this filing, we had additional net borrowings on our revolving credit facility of 469 million. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based on these financial statements. The preparation of these financial statements requires the application of accounting policies in addition to certain estimates and judgments by our management. Our estimates and judgments are based on currently available information, historical results and other assumptions we believe are reasonable. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 
 
 The preparation of our financial statements included the following significant estimates and exercise of judgment. 
 
 Vendor Incentives 
 
 We receive incentives in the form of reductions to amounts owed and/or payments from vendors related to volume rebates and other promotional considerations. Many of these incentives are under agreements with terms in excess of one year, while others are negotiated on an annual basis or less. Advertising allowances provided as a reimbursement of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to promote a vendor s products are included as an offset to SG A when the cost is incurred. Volume rebates and vendor promotional allowances that do not meet the requirements for offsetting in SG A and that are earned based on inventory purchases are initially recorded as a reduction to inventory. These deferred amounts are recorded as a reduction to Cost of sales as the inventory is sold. 
 
 Vendor promotional allowances provided as a reimbursement of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to promote a vendor s products are included as an offset to SG A when the cost is incurred if the fair value of that benefit can be reasonably estimated. Certain of our vendor agreements contain purchase volume incentives that provide for increased funding when graduated purchase volumes are met. Amounts accrued throughout the year could be impacted if actual purchase volumes differ from projected annual purchase volumes. Periodic assessments of the accruals are performed to determine the appropriateness of the estimate and are adjusted accordingly. 
 
 Amounts received or receivable from vendors that are not yet earned are reflected initially as a reduction to inventory, which subsequently is recorded to Cost of sales. Our estimate of the portion of deferred revenue that will be realized within one year of the balance sheet date is included in Other current liabilities. Earned amounts that are receivable from vendors are included in Receivables, net, except for that portion expected to be received after one year, which is included in Other assets, net. We regularly review the receivables from vendors to ensure they are able to meet their obligations. Historically, the change in our reserve for receivables related to vendor funding has not been significant. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents ` 

Self-Insurance Reserves 
 
 Our self-insurance reserves consist of the estimated exposure for claims filed, claims incurred but not yet reported and projected future claims, and are established using actuarial methods followed in the insurance industry and our historical claims experience. Specific factors include, but are not limited to, assumptions about health care costs, the severity of accidents and the incidence of illness and the average size of claims. Generally, claims for automobile and general liability and workers compensation take several years to settle. We classify the portion of our self-insurance reserves that is not expected to be settled within one year in Other long-term liabilities. 
 
 While we do not expect the amounts ultimately paid to differ significantly from our estimates, our self-insurance reserves and corresponding Cost of sales and SG A could be affected if future claim experience differs significantly from historical trends and actuarial assumptions. A 10 change in our self-insurance liabilities at December 31, 2022 would result in a change in expense of approximately 14.5 million for 2022. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For a description of recently adopted and issued accounting standards, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements in Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. 
 
 We are subject to interest rate risk to the extent we borrow against our revolving credit facility as it is based, at our option, on adjusted Term SOFR, plus a margin, or an alternate base rate, plus a margin. As of December 31, 2022, we had 185.0 million borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. As of January 1, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. 
 
 Our financial assets that are exposed to credit risk consist primarily of trade accounts receivable and vendor receivables. We are exposed to normal credit risk from customers. Our concentration of credit risk is limited because our customer base consists of a large number of customers with relatively small balances, which allows the credit risk to be spread across a broad base. We have not historically had significant credit losses. 
 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for the portion of our inventory purchases denominated in foreign currencies. We believe that the price volatility relating to foreign currency exchange rates is partially mitigated by our ability to adjust selling prices. During 2022 and 2021, foreign currency transactions did not materially impact Net income. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 This information is included in Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules of this annual report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 

26 

Table of Contents ` 

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), are our controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Internal controls over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the override of controls. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the reliability of financial reporting and financial statement preparation and presentation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness may vary over time. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13(a) - 15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 is effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, who also audited our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, as stated in their report included herein, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 

27 

Table of Contents ` 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 

28 

Table of Contents ` 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 For a discussion of our directors, executive officers and corporate governance, see the information set forth in the sections and subsections entitled Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, Additional Information Regarding Executive Compensation - Information Concerning our Executive Officers, Audit Committee Report, and Additional Information Regarding Executive Compensation - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals in our proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation . 
 
 See the information set forth in the sections entitled Compensation Committee Report, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Program Risk Assessment, Additional Information Regarding Executive Compensation and Director Compensation in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 
 
 See the information set forth in the subsections entitled Equity Compensation Plan Information and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 
 
 See the information set forth in the subsections entitled Corporate Governance - Related Party Transactions and Board Independence and Structure in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services . 
 
 See the information set forth in the subsection entitled 2022 and 2021 Audit Fees in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents ` 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (1) Financial Statements Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Subsidiaries for the years ended , January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021: 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 31 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 37 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 38 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 58 
 (3) Exhibits Exhibit Index 
 59 

30 

Table of Contents ` 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Vendor Incentives Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company receives incentives in the form of reductions in amounts owed to and/or payments due from vendors related to volume rebates and other promotions. Volume rebates and vendor promotional allowances are earned based on inventory purchases and initially recorded as a reduction to inventory, except for allowances provided as reimbursement of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to promote a vendor s products that are offset in selling, general and administrative expenses. The deferred amounts are recorded as a reduction in cost of sales as the inventory is sold. Total deferred vendor incentives included as a reduction of inventories were million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company purchases inventory from a significant number of vendors, with no single vendor accounting for more than 10 of purchases. While many of these incentives are under long-term agreements in excess of one year, others are negotiated on an annual basis or shorter. Accordingly, auditing vendor incentives was challenging due to the extent of audit effort required to evaluate whether the vendor incentives were recorded in accordance with the terms of the vendor agreements. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents ` 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to whether the vendor incentives were recorded in accordance with the terms of the vendor agreements included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the process that ensures that all vendor agreements are communicated to accounting. 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the recording of vendor incentives as a reduction in inventories, and subsequently as a reduction in cost of sales as the related inventory was sold. 
 
 We selected a sample of vendor incentives from the income recognized as a reduction to cost of sales during the year and from incentive income that was deferred at year-end, and recalculated, using the terms of the vendor agreement, both the amount recorded as deferred vendor incentives as a reduction in inventories and the amount recognized in earnings as a reduction in cost of sales. 
 
 We selected a sample of vendors from the Company s inventory purchases made during the year and confirmed directly with the vendor that the agreement obtained from the Company and used in the determination of recording vendor incentives as a reduction in cost of sales was the most recent for the applicable period between the parties. 
 
 We tested the amount of the income by developing an expectation based on the historical amounts recorded as a percentage of total cost of sales and compared our expectation to the amount recorded. 

/s/ 

February 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents ` 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ 

February 28, 2023 
 
 33 

Table of Contents ` 

 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories, net Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Non-current operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, nonvoting, par value, 
 shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, voting, par value, shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 shares issued and outstanding at January 1, 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, and shares 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents ` 

 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 January 2, 2021 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Operating income Other, net: Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on early redemptions of senior unsecured notes ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) Total other, net ) ) ) Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Net income Basic earnings per common share Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted earnings per common share Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 included 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 included 53 weeks. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 January 2, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income: Changes in net unrecognized other postretirement benefit costs, 
 net of tax of , and 
 ) ) ) Currency translation adjustments ) Total other comprehensive income ) Comprehensive income 
 
 Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 included 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 included 53 weeks. 

The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents ` 

 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock, at cost Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance, December 28, 2019 ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive income Restricted stock units and deferred stock units vested Share-based compensation Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Other ) ) Balance, January 2, 2021 ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive income Restricted stock units and deferred stock units vested Share-based compensation Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Other ) ) Balance, January 1, 2022 ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of shares upon the exercise of stock options Restricted stock units and deferred stock units vested Share-based compensation Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Other ) ) Balance, ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents ` 

 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 January 2, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Loss and impairment of long-lived assets Loss on early redemption of senior unsecured notes Provision for deferred income taxes Other, net ) Net change in: Receivables, net ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of intangible asset ) ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments on senior unsecured notes ) ) Borrowings under credit facilities Payments on credit facilities ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior unsecured notes, net Dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Other, net ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents , beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents , end of period 
 Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid Income tax payments Non-cash transactions: Accrued purchases of property and equipment 
 
 The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts presented in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

1. 
 
 stores and branches primarily within the United States, with additional locations in Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we served independently owned Carquest branded stores across the same geographic locations served by our stores and branches in addition to Mexico and various Caribbean islands. Our stores operate primarily under the trade names Advance Auto Parts and Carquest, and our branches operate under the Worldpac trade names. 

2. 

38 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. 

operating segments, defined as Advance Auto Parts/Carquest U.S., Carquest Canada, Worldpac and Independents. As each operating segment represents a reporting unit, goodwill is assigned to each reporting unit. 

39 

40 

Some of our products include a core component, which represents a recyclable piece of the auto part. If a customer purchases an auto part that includes a core component, the customer is charged for the core unless a used core is returned at the time of sale. Customers that return a core subsequent to the sale date will be refunded. 
 
 Accessories and Chemicals Engine Maintenance Other Total 

41 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 million in 2022, income of million in 2021 and a loss of million in 2020. 

42 

operating segments, for the purpose of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. 
 
 reportable segment as the operating segments are aggregated primarily due to the economic and operational similarities of each operating segment as the stores and branches have similar characteristics, including the nature of the products and services offered, customer base and the methods used to distribute products and provide services to its customers. 

43 

3. 
 
 of Inventories at December 31, 2022 and of Inventories at January 1, 2022. As a result of changes in the LIFO reserve, we recorded an increase to Cost of sales of million and million in 2022 and 2021 and a decrease to Cost of sales of million in 2020. 
 
 Purchasing and warehousing costs included in Inventories as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 were million and million. 
 
 Adjustments to state inventories at LIFO ) Inventories at LIFO 

4. 
 
 and January 1, 2022, the carrying amount of Goodwill in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets was million and million. The change in Goodwill during 2022 and 2021 was million and million, and related to foreign currency translation. 
 
 Other Intangible Assets, Net 
 
 Amortization expense was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 ) ) Non-compete and other ) ) ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Brands, trademark and trade names Total intangible assets ) ) 
 
 44 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

5. 
 
 Vendor Other Total receivables Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) Receivables, net 

6. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes (net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of at January 1, 2022) due December 1, 2023 
 Senior Unsecured Notes (net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of and at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022) due October 1, 2027 
 Senior Unsecured Notes (net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of and at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022) due April 15, 2030 
 Senior Unsecured Notes (net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of at December 31, 2022 due March 15, 2032 
 Revolver credit facility (interest rate of as of December 31, 2022) 
 Less: Current portion of long-term debt ) Long-term debt, excluding the current portion Fair value of long-term debt 

45 

billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the 2021 Credit Agreement with Advance Auto Parts, Inc., as Borrower, Advance Stores, as a Guarantor, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, and replaced the previous credit agreement. The revolver under the 2021 Credit Agreement replaced the revolver under the previous credit agreement. The revolver under the 2021 Credit Agreement provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit of million. We may request that the total revolving commitment be increased by an amount not exceeding million during the term of the 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million outstanding borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement and borrowing availability was billion. Under the 2021 Credit Agreement, we had letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2022. As of January 1, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement and borrowing availability was billion. Under the 2021 Credit Agreement, we had letters of credit outstanding as of January 1, 2022. 
 
 Interest on any borrowings on the 2021 Credit Agreement is based, at our option, on an adjusted LIBOR, plus a margin, or an alternate base rate, plus a margin. After an initial interest period, we may elect to convert a particular borrowing to a different type. The initial margins per annum for the revolving loan are for the adjusted LIBOR and for alternate base rate borrowings. A facility fee of per annum is charged on the total revolving facility commitment, payable quarterly in arrears. Under the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, the interest rate spread and facility fee are based on our credit rating. The interest rate spread ranges from to for adjusted LIBOR borrowings and to for alternate base rate borrowings. The facility fee ranges from to . 
 
 On February 27, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 1 (the Amendment to the 2021 Credit Agreement. The Amendment extends the maturity date of the 2021 Credit Agreement by one year from November 9, 2026, to November 9, 2027. The Amendment also replaces an adjusted LIBOR benchmark rate with a term secured overnight financing rate benchmark rate, as adjusted by an increase of basis points, plus the applicable margin under 2021 Credit Agreement. The Amendment made no other material changes to the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement. Subsequent to December 31, 2022 and through the date of this filing, we had additional net borrowings on our revolving credit facility of million. 
 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains customary covenants restricting the ability of: (a) Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and its subsidiaries to, among other things, (i) create, incur or assume additional debt (only with respect to subsidiaries of Advance Auto Parts, Inc.), (ii) incur liens, (iii) guarantee obligations, and (iv) change the nature of their business; (b) Advance Auto Parts, Inc., Advance Stores and their subsidiaries to, among other things (i) enter into certain hedging arrangements, (ii) enter into restrictive agreements limiting their ability to incur liens on any of their property or assets, pay distributions, repay loans, or guarantee indebtedness of their subsidiaries; and (c) Advance Auto Parts, Inc., among other things, to change its holding company status. Advance is also required to comply with financial covenants with respect to a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum coverage ratio. The 2021 Credit Agreement also provides for customary events of default, including non-payment defaults, covenant defaults and cross-defaults of Advance s other material indebtedness. We were in compliance with our financial covenants with respect to the 2021 Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, we had million and million of bilateral letters of credit issued separately from the 2021 Credit Agreement, none of which were drawn upon. These bilateral letters of credit generally have a term of one year or less and primarily serve as collateral for our self-insurance policies. 

46 

senior unsecured notes due December 1, 2023 (the 2023 Notes were issued in December 2013 at of the principal amount of million. The 2023 Notes bear interest, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1, at a rate of per year. Pursuant to a cash tender offer that was completed on September 29, 2020, we repurchased million of our 2023 Notes with the net proceeds from the 2027 Notes. In connection with this tender offer, we incurred charges relating to tender premiums and debt issuance costs of million and million. On April 4, 2022, we redeemed the remaining million principal amount of our outstanding 2023 Notes with the net proceeds from the issuance of the senior unsecured notes due March 15, 2032 (the 2032 Notes ). In connection with this early redemption, we incurred charges related to the make-whole provision and debt issuance costs of million and million. 
 
 On April 16, 2020, we issued million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes (the Original Notes ). The Original Notes were issued at of the principal amount and mature April 15, 2030. The Original Notes bear interest, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15, at a rate of per year. 
 
 On July 28, 2020, we completed an exchange offer whereby the Original Notes in the aggregate principal amount of million, which were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), were exchanged for a like principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2030 (the Exchange Notes or 2030 Notes ), which have been registered under the Securities Act. The Original Notes were substantially identical to the Exchange Notes, except that the Exchange Notes are registered under the Securities Act and are not subject to the transfer restrictions and certain registration rights agreement provisions applicable to the Original Notes. 
 
 On September 16, 2020, we redeemed all million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 2022 Notes. In connection with this early redemption, we incurred charges relating to a make-whole provision and debt issuance costs of million and million. 
 
 On September 29, 2020, we issued million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes (the 2027 Notes ). The 2027 Notes were issued at of the principal amount, and are due October 1, 2027 and bear interest at per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year. In connection with the 2027 Notes offering, we incurred million of debt issuance costs. 
 
 On March 4, 2022, we issued million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes. The 2032 Notes were issued at of the principal amount and are due on March 15, 2032. The 2032 Notes bear interest, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15, at a rate of per year. In connection with the 2032 Notes offering, we incurred million of debt issuance costs. 
 
 Our 2023 Notes, 2027 Notes, 2030 Notes and 2032 Notes are collectively referred to herein as our senior unsecured notes or the Notes. The terms of the 2023 Notes, 2027 Notes and 2032 notes are governed by an indenture dated as of April 29, 2010 (as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the 2010 Indenture among Advance Auto Parts, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. The terms of the 2030 Notes are governed by an indenture dated as of April 16, 2020 (as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the 2020 Indenture and together with the 2010 Indenture, the Indentures among Advance Auto Parts, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 
 We may redeem some or all of the senior unsecured notes at any time or from time to time, at the redemption prices described in the Indentures. In addition, in the event of a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in the Indentures), we will be required to offer to repurchase the Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. Currently, the Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsubordinated and unsecured basis by guarantor and subsidiary guarantees, as defined by the Indenture. 

47 

million without such debt having been discharged or acceleration having been rescinded or annulled within after receipt by us of notice of the default by the Trustee or holders of not less than in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding; and (iv) events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization affecting us and certain of its subsidiaries. In the case of an event of default, the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest may be accelerated. The Indentures also contain covenants limiting our ability to incur debt secured by liens and to enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions. 
 
 Future Payments 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 Debt Guarantees 
 
 We are a guarantor of loans made by banks to various independently owned Carquest-branded stores that are customers of ours totaling million as of December 31, 2022. These loans are collateralized by security agreements on merchandise inventory and other assets of the borrowers. The approximate value of the inventory collateralized by these agreements was million as of December 31, 2022. We believe that the likelihood of performance under these guarantees is remote. 

7. 
 years 
 Buildings - years 
 Building and leasehold improvements - years 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment - years 
 Vehicles years 
 Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 (1) Land is deemed to have an indefinite life. 
 
 Depreciation expense relating to Property and equipment was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020. million, million and million incurred for the development of internal use computer software during 2022, 2021 and 2020. These costs were classified in the Construction in progress category, but once 
 
 48 

. 

8. 
 
 , with renewal options at intervals, with the exercise of lease renewal options at our sole discretion. Our vehicle and equipment leases are typically three to . Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 
 Less: Current portion of operating lease liabilities ) ) Non-current operating lease liabilities 
 
 The current portion of operating lease liabilities was included in Other current liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Total lease cost was included in Cost of sales and SG A in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and is recorded net of immaterial sublease income. 
 Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 Operating lease liabilities included million related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised and excluded million of legally binding lease obligations for leases signed, but not yet commenced. 

49 

years and as of . We calculated the weighted average discount rates using incremental borrowing rates, which equal the rates of interest that we would pay to borrow funds on a fully collateralized basis over a similar term. 
 
 January 1, 2022 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 
 Other Commitments 
 
 We have entered into certain arrangements which require the future purchase of goods or services. Our obligations primarily consist of payments for the purchase of hardware, software and maintenance. As of December 31, 2022, future payments of these arrangements were million and were not accrued in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

9. 
 Taxes payable Self-insurance reserves Inventory related accruals Accrued rebates Accrued professional services/legal Capital expenditures Other Total accrued expenses 

10 
 
 billion toward the existing share repurchase program. Previously in April 2021 and November 2019, our Board of Directors authorized billion and million for our share repurchase program. Our share repurchase program permits the repurchase of our common stock on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions from time to time. The Board of Directors may increase or otherwise modify, renew, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program without prior notice. 
 
 During 2022, we repurchased million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of million, or an average price of per share, in connection with our share repurchase program. We had million remaining under our share repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. During 2021, we repurchased million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of million or an average price of per share, under our share repurchase program. 

50 

11. 
 
 Denominator Basic weighted average common shares Dilutive impact of share-based awards Diluted weighted average common shares (1) 
 Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 thousand thousand and thousand. 

12. 
 
 State Foreign ) 2021 Federal State Foreign 2020 Federal State Foreign ) 

51 

for 2022, 2021 and 2020) 
 State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 
 Other, net ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 
 Deferred Income Tax Assets (Liabilities) 
 
 Share-based compensation Accrued medical and workers compensation Net operating loss carryforwards Operating lease liabilities Other, net Total deferred income tax assets before valuation allowances Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Inventories ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, our net operating loss NOL carryforwards comprised state NOLs of million and million. These NOLs may be used to reduce future taxable income and expire periodically through 2039. Due to uncertainties related to the realization of these NOLs in certain jurisdictions, as well as other credits available to us, we have recorded a valuation allowance of million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. In addition, we recorded a million valuation allowance on foreign tax credit carryforwards as of December 31, 2022. The amount of deferred income tax assets realizable could change in the future if projections of future taxable income change. 
 
 We have not recorded deferred taxes when earnings from foreign operations are considered to be indefinitely invested outside of the U.S. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, these accumulated net earnings generated by our foreign operations were approximately million and million, which did not include earnings deemed to be repatriated as part of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. It is not practicable to determine the income tax liability that would be payable if such earnings were repatriated. 
 
 52 

Increases related to prior period tax positions Decreases related to prior period tax positions ) ) Increases related to current period tax positions Settlements ) ) Expiration of statute of limitations ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits, end of period 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, the entire amount of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce our annual effective tax rate of , and . During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded income tax-related interest and penalties of million, million and million due to uncertain tax positions included in the Provision for income taxes in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, we recorded a liability for potential interest of million and million and for potential penalties of million for each year. We did not provide for any penalties associated with tax contingencies unless considered probable of assessment. We do not expect our unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next 12 months. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2019. 

13. 
 
 million was fully paid by our insurance carriers. 
 
 Our Western Auto subsidiary, together with other defendants (including Advance and other of its subsidiaries), has been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging injury as a result of exposure to asbestos-containing products. The plaintiffs have alleged that certain products contained asbestos and were manufactured, distributed and/or sold by the various defendants. Many of the cases pending against us are in the early stages of litigation. While the damages claimed against the defendants in some of these proceedings are substantial, we believe many of these claims are at least partially covered by insurance and historically asbestos claims against us have been inconsistent in fact patterns alleged and immaterial. We do not believe the cases currently pending will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

53 

14. 
 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Deferred Compensation 
 
 We maintain a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for certain team members. This plan provides for a minimum and maximum deferral percentage of the team member s base salary and bonus as determined by the Retirement Plan Committee. We established and maintain a deferred compensation liability for this plan. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, these liabilities were million and million. 

15. 
 
 and vest one-third annually over three years. We record compensation expense for the grant date fair value of the option awards evenly over the vesting period. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there were million shares of common stock available for future issuance under the 2014 LTIP based on management s current estimate of the probable vesting outcome for performance-based awards. Shares forfeited and shares withheld for payment of taxes due become available for reissuance and are included in availability. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 For time-based RSUs, the fair value of each award was determined based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. Time-based RSUs generally vest over a three-year period in equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date. During the vesting period, holders of RSUs are entitled to receive dividend equivalents, but are not entitled to voting rights. 
 
 For performance-based RSUs, the fair value of each award was determined based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. Performance-based awards generally may vest following a three-year period subject to our achievement of certain financial goals as specified in the grant agreements. Depending on our results during the three-year performance period, the actual number of awards vesting at the end of the period generally ranges from to of the performance award. Performance-based RSUs generally do not have dividend equivalent rights and do not have voting rights until the shares are earned and issued following the applicable performance period. The number of performance-based awards outstanding is based on the number of awards that we believed were probable of vesting at December 31, 2022. 
 
 There were performance-based RSUs granted during 2022 or 2021. The change in units based on performance represents the change in the number of granted awards expected to vest based on the updated probability assessment as of December 31, 2022. Compensation expense for performance-based awards of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was determined based on management s estimate of the probable vesting outcome. 

54 

Expected dividend yield Expected stock price volatility (2) 
 
 (1) The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity interest rate having a term consistent with the vesting period of the award. 
 (2) Expected volatility is determined based on historical volatility over a matching look-back period and is consistent with the correlation coefficients between our stock prices and our peer group. 
 
 Additionally, we estimated a liquidity discount of using the Chaffe Model to adjust the fair value for the post-vest restrictions. Vesting of market-based RSUs depends on our relative total shareholder return among a designated group of peer companies during a three-year period and will be subject to a one-year holding period after vesting. 
 
 Granted 
 Change in units based on performance 
 ) Vested (1) 
 ) ) ) Forfeited 
 ) ) ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 (1) The vested shares of market-based RSUs were not exercised due to low multiplier effect for 2019 awards. 
 
 The following table summarizes certain information concerning activity for time-based, performance-based and market-based RSUs: 
 Total grant date fair value of RSUs vested Performance-based: Weighted average fair value of RSUs granted Total grant date fair value of RSUs vested Market-based: Weighted average fair value of RSUs granted Total grant date fair value of RSUs vested 

As of December 31, 2022, the maximum potential payout under our currently outstanding performance-based and market-based RSUs were thousand and thousand units. 

55 

thousand stock options where the weighted average fair value of stock options granted was per share. The fair value was estimated on the date of grant by applying the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing valuation model. 
 
 The following table includes summary information for stock options as of December 31, 2022: 
 Number of Awards Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value Outstanding at January 1, 2022 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 The following table presents the weighted average assumptions used in determining the fair value of options granted: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Risk-free interest rate (1) 
 Expected life (2) 
 years Expected volatility (3) 
 Expected dividend yield (4) 

(1) The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield in effect at grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities equivalent to the expected term of the stock options. 
 (2) The expected term represents the period of time options granted are expected to be outstanding. As we do not have sufficient historical data, we utilized the simplified method provided by the Securities and Exchange Commission to calculate the expected term as the average of the contractual term and vesting period. 
 (3) Expected volatility is the measure of the amount by which the stock price has fluctuated or is expected to fluctuate. We utilized historical trends and the implied volatility of our publicly traded financial instruments in developing the volatility estimate for our stock options. 
 (4) The expected dividend yield is calculated based on our expected quarterly dividend and the three-month average stock price as of the grant date. 
 
 Other Considerations 
 
 Total income tax benefit related to share-based compensation expense for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to all share-based awards that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

56 

thousand, thousand and thousand DSUs in 2022, 2021, and 2020. The weighted average fair value of DSUs granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and . The DSUs were awarded at a price equal to the market price of our underlying common stock on the date of the grant. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized million, million and million of share-based compensation expense for these DSU grants. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 We also offer an employee stock purchase plan ESPP ). Under the ESPP, eligible team members may elect salary deferrals to purchase our common stock at a discount of from its fair market value on the date of purchase. There are annual limitations on the amounts a team member may elect of either thousand per team member or of compensation, whichever is less. As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares available to be issued under the ESPP. 

16. 
 
 ) ) 2020 activity ) Balance, January 2, 2021 ) ) 2021 activity ) Balance, January 1, 2022 ) ) 2022 activity ) ) ) Balance, ) ) 
 
 57 

) January 1, 2022 ) December 31, 2022 ) 
 (1) Accounts written off during the period. These amounts did not impact our Statements of Operations for any year presented. 
 
 Other valuation and qualifying accounts have not been reported in this schedule because they are either not applicable or because the information has been included elsewhere in this report . 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 3.1 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Advance Auto (as amended effective as of May 24, 2017). 
 10-Q 3.1 8/14/2018 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Advance Auto Parts, Inc., effective May 24, 2017 . 
 10-Q 3.2 8/18/2020 4.0 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 10-K 4.0 2/18/2020 4.1 
 Indenture, dated as of April 29, 2010, among Advance Auto Parts, Inc., each of the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 4/29/2010 4.2 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 27, 2011 to the Indenture dated as of April 29, 2010 among Advance Auto Parts, Inc. as Issuer, each of the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 10.45 6/3/2011 4.3 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 17, 2012 among Advance Auto Parts, Inc., each of the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.4 1/17/2012 4.4 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 21, 2012 among Advance Auto Parts, Inc., each of the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.5 12/21/2012 4.5 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 19, 2013 among Advance Auto Parts, Inc., each of the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.6 4/19/2013 4.6 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 3, 2013, among Advance Auto Parts, Inc., each of the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.7 12/9/2013 4.7 
 Form of 4.500 Note due 2022. 
 8-K 4.5 1/17/2012 4.8 
 Form of 4.500 Note due 2023 . 
 8-K 4.7 12/9/2013 4.9 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 28, 2014, among Advance Auto Parts, Inc., each of the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 10-Q 4.11 5/28/2014 4.10 
 Indenture, dated as of April 16, 2020 by and among Advance Auto Parts, Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 4/17/2020 4.11 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 29, 2020, among Advance Auto Parts, Inc. each of the Guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.6 9/30/2020 4.12 
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 4, 2022, among Advance Auto Parts, Inc., Advance Stores Company, Incorporated and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 3/4/2022 4.13 
 Form of 3.500 Notes due 2032 (included in Exhibit 4.12). 
 8-K 4.2 3/4/2022 10.1 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Advance Auto Parts and each of its Directors. 
 8-K 10.19 5/20/2004 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Filed Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 10.2 
 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan (amended as of April 17, 2008). 
 10-Q 10.19 5/29/2008 10.3 
 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Deferred Stock Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Selected Executives (as amended January 1, 2008), including First Amendment to the Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Deferred Stock Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Selected Executives (as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2009) and Second Amendment to the Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Deferred Stock Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Selected Executives (as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2010). 
 10-K 10.17 3/1/2011 10.4 
 Form of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. SARs Award Agreement and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 10-K 10.48 2/25/2014 10.5 
 Fourth Amendment to the Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Deferred Stock Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Selected Executives (As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2008). 
 10-K 10.52 3/3/2015 10.6 
 Fifth Amendment to the Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Deferred Stock Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Selected Executives (As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2008). 
 10-K 10.54 3/3/2015 10.7 
 Employment Agreement effective March 28, 2016 between Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Thomas Greco. 
 10-Q 10.1 5/31/2016 10.8 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement effective April 2, 2016 between Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Thomas R. Greco. 
 10-Q 10.2 5/31/2016 10.9 
 Employment Agreement effective August 21, 2016 between Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Robert B. Cushing. 
 10-K 10.50 2/28/2017 10.1 0 
 Sixth Amendment to the Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Deferred Stock Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Selected Executives (As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2008). 
 10-K 10.55 2/28/2017 10.11 
 Seventh Amendment to the Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Deferred Stock Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Selected Executives (As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2008). 
 10-K 10.56 2/28/2017 10.12 
 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. 2017 Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan . 
 DEF14A Appendix A 4/6/2017 10.13 
 8th Amendment to Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Deferred Stock Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Selected Executives (As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2008). 
 10-K 10.58 2/21/2018 10.14 
 Employment Agreement effective September 17, 2018 between Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Jeffrey W. Shepherd. 
 10-Q 10.1 11/13/2018 10.15 
 Employment Agreement effective October 3, 2018 between Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Reuben E. Slone. 
 10-K 10.53 2/9/2019 10.16 
 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended effective August 7, 2018). 
 10-K 10.57 2/9/2019 10.17 
 2018 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Based) between Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Rueben E. Slone dated November 19, 2018. 
 10-K 10.58 2/9/2019 10.18 
 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Deferred Compensation Program, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2021 . 
 10-K 10.45 2/22/2021 10.19 
 Form of 2021 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 10.1 6/2/2021 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Filed Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 10.2 0 
 Form of 2021 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 10.2 6/2/2021 10.21 
 Form of 2021 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 10.3 6/2/2021 10.22 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2021, among Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Advance Stores Company, Incorporated the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 10.1 11/15/2021 10.23 
 Guarantee Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2021, among Advance Auto Parts, Inc., the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A, as administrative agent for the lenders. 
 8-K 10.2 11/15/2021 10.24 
 Employment Agreement effective March 15, 2022 between Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Jason B. McDonell. 
 10-Q 10.1 5/24/2022 10.25 
 Form of 2022 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 

10-Q 10.2 05/24/2022 10.26 
 Form of 2022 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 10.3 05/24/2022 10.27 
 Form of 2022 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement. 

10-Q 10.4 05/24/2022 10.2 8 
 Description of Non-Employee Director Compensation. 
 10-K 10.29 02/15/2022 10.29 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement Dated as of February 27, 2023 
 X 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. 
 X 22.1 
 List of Issuers and its Guarantor Subsidiaries . 
 X 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 X 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit). X 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 
 62 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. Dated: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ William J. Pellicciotti Jr. William J. Pellicciotti Jr. Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date 
 /s/ Thomas R. Greco President and Chief Executive Officer and Director February 28, 2023 Thomas R. Greco (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jeffrey W. Shepherd Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer February 28, 2023 Jeffrey W. Shepherd (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ William J. Pellicciotti Jr. Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer February 28, 2023 William J. Pellicciotti Jr. (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Eugene I. Lee, Jr. Chairman and Director February 28, 2023 Eugene I. Lee, Jr. /s/ Carla J. Bailo Director February 28, 2023 Carla J. Bailo /s/ John F. Ferraro Director February 28, 2023 John F. Ferraro /s/ Joan M. Hilson Director February 28, 2023 Joan M. Hilson /s/ Jeffrey J. Jones II Director February 28, 2023 Jeffrey J. Jones II /s/ Douglas A. Pertz Director February 28, 2023 Douglas A. Pertz /s/ Sherice R. Torres Director February 28, 2023 Sherice R. Torres /s/ Nigel Travis Director February 28, 2023 Nigel Travis /s/ Arthur L. Valdez Jr. Director February 28, 2023 Arthur L. Valdez Jr. 

63 

<EX-10.29>
 2
 aap_exhibit1029x12x31x2022.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 

Exhibit 10.29 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of February 27, 2023 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment among ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), ADVANCE STORES COMPANY, INCORPORATED, a Virginia corporation (the Company ), the LENDERS party hereto, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 (1) The Borrower, the Company, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have entered into a Credit Agreement dated as of November 9, 2021 (the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the same meanings as specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 (2) Pursuant to Section 2.22 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower has requested that the Maturity Date be extended from November 9, 2026 to November 9, 2027. 
 (3) The Borrower has requested certain amendments to the Credit Agreement, and the parties hereto agree to such amendments as set forth in, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of, this Amendment (the Credit Agreement as so amended, the Amended Credit Agreement ). 
 SECTION 1. Consent to Extension Request. Each Lender so indicating on its signature page to this Amendment agrees to extend the Maturity Date for a period of one year, expiring November 9, 2027 (each such Lender, an Extending Lender ). This agreement to extend the Maturity Date is subject in all respects to the terms of the Credit Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the limitation on the number of times the Borrower may submit an extension request), other than the provisions of Section 2.22 of the Credit Agreement that specify the date by which the Borrower must submit an extension request, the date by which Extending Lenders must submit responses, the date by which the Administrative Agent must notify the Borrower of each Lender s determination or the date on which any such extension becomes effective, which provisions are hereby waived for purposes of the extension request described above. For the avoidance of doubt, upon satisfaction (or waiver) of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 3 below, the extension of the Maturity Date of each Extending Lender shall be effective on February 27, 2023 and the Borrower shall be permitted one more extension of the Maturity Date in accordance with Section 2.22 of the Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 2. Amendments to Credit Agreement . (a) As of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 below, the Lenders and the Borrower hereby agree to amend the Credit Agreement to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as 

the following example double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Amended Credit Agreement attached as Annex A hereto. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, all Eurodollar Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) outstanding as of the date hereof shall remain Eurodollar Loans outstanding under the Amended Credit Agreement until the end of the current Interest Period applicable thereto and, upon the expiration of such current Interest Period, shall be converted to Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month (the SOFR Conversion ). Subject to the SOFR Conversion, all other terms and conditions set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement with respect to Term SOFR Loans shall apply to such Eurodollar Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement), mutatis mutandis . 
 SECTION 3. Conditions of Effectiveness of Section 1 . Section 1 of this Amendment shall become effective, on or after the Amendment Effective Date, on and as of the date on which each of the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied or waived 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment executed by the Borrower, the Company and each of the Extending Lenders 
 (b) The total of the Commitments of the Lenders that have agreed so to extend their Maturity Date shall be not less than 51 of the aggregate amount of the Commitments 
 (c) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Amendment Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such extension and (ii) in the case of the Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such extension, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article III of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (other than any such representation and warranty that is already qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects), and except that for purposes of such certificate, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (c) of Section 3.04 of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 5.01 of the Credit Agreement, and (B) no Default exists and 
 (d) The Borrower shall have paid all accrued and invoiced fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders associated with this Amendment and the extension of Commitments (including the accrued and invoiced fees and expenses of Shearman & Sterling LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent). 

SECTION 4. Conditions of Effectiveness of Section 2 . Section 2 of this Amendment shall become effective on and as of the date (the Amendment Effective Date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment executed by the Borrower, the Company, each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect on the Loan Documents . (a) On and after the effectiveness of Section 2 of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as specifically amended by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 
 (d) This Amendment is subject to the provisions of Section 9.02 of the Credit Agreement and shall be deemed to constitute a Loan Document. 
 SECTION 6. Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the preparation and administration of this Amendment in accordance with the terms of Section 9.03 of the Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 7. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. 
 SECTION 8. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC., 
 by 
 s Jeffrey W. Shepherd 
 Name Jeffrey W. Shepherd 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 ADVANCE STORES COMPANY, INCORPORATED, 
 by 
 s Jeffrey W. Shepherd 
 Name Jeffrey W. Shepherd 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, 
 by 
 s Tim Cleavenger 
 Name Tim Cleavenger 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 Consent to extension of Maturity Date 
 
 Name of Lender BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
 
 by s Tim Cleavenger 
 Name Tim Cleavenger 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Consent to amend the Credit Agreement as provided in Section 2 of the forgoing Amendment 
 
 Name of Lender BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
 
 by s Tim Cleavenger 
 Name Tim Cleavenger 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 Consent to extension of Maturity Date 
 
 Name of Lender JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 
 by s Eduardo Lopez Peiro 
 Name Eduardo Lopez Peiro 
 Title Vice President 

Consent to amend the Credit Agreement as provided in Section 2 of the forgoing Amendment 
 
 Name of Lender JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 
 by s Eduardo Lopez Peiro 
 Name Eduardo Lopez Peiro 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 Consent to extension of Maturity Date 
 
 Name of Lender TRUIST BANK 
 
 by s Alysa Trakas 
 Name Alysa Trakas 
 Title Director 

Consent to amend the Credit Agreement as provided in Section 2 of the forgoing Amendment 
 
 Name of Lender TRUIST BANK 
 
 by s Alysa Trakas 
 Name Alysa Trakas 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 Consent to extension of Maturity Date 
 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 
 by s Conan Schleicher 
 Name Conan Schleicher 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 by 1 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Consent to amend the Credit Agreement as provided in Section 2 of the forgoing Amendment 
 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 
 by s Conan Schleicher 
 Name Conan Schleicher 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 by 
 Name 
 Title 

1 For any Lender requiring a second signature line. 
 Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 Consent to extension of Maturity Date 
 
 Name of Lender Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
 
 by s Ryan Tegeler 
 Name Ryan Tegeler 
 Title Vice President 
 
 by 2 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Consent to amend the Credit Agreement as provided in Section 2 of the forgoing Amendment 
 
 Name of Lender Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
 
 by s Ryan Tegeler 
 Name Ryan Tegeler 
 Title Vice President 
 
 by 
 Name 
 Title 

2 For any Lender requiring a second signature line. 
 Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 Consent to extension of Maturity Date 
 
 Fifth Third Bank, National Association 
 
 by s Mary Ramsey 
 Name Mary Ramsey 
 Title Senior Vice President, Managing Director 
 
 Consent to amend the Credit Agreement as provided in Section 2 of the forgoing Amendment 
 
 Fifth Third Bank, National Association 
 
 by s Mary Ramsey 
 Name Mary Ramsey 
 Title Senior Vice President, Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 Consent to extension of Maturity Date 
 
 Name of Lender PNC Bank, National Association 
 
 by s Stephanie Gray 
 Name Stephanie Gray 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Consent to amend the Credit Agreement as provided in Section 2 of the forgoing Amendment 
 
 Name of Lender PNC Bank, National Association 
 
 by s Stephanie Gray 
 Name Stephanie Gray 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 Consent to extension of Maturity Date 
 
 Name of Lender Citibank, N.A. 
 
 by s Robert J. Kane 
 Name Robert J. Kane 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 by 3 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Consent to amend the Credit Agreement as provided in Section 2 of the forgoing Amendment 
 
 Name of Lender Citibank, N.A. 
 
 by s Robert J. Kane 
 Name Robert J. Kane 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 by 
 Name 
 Title 

3 For any Lender requiring a second signature line. 
 Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 Consent to extension of Maturity Date 
 
 Name of Lender Citizens Bank, N.A. 
 
 by s Karmyn Paul 
 Name Karmyn Paul 
 Title SVP 
 
 by 4 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Consent to amend the Credit Agreement as provided in Section 2 of the forgoing Amendment 
 
 Name of Lender Citizens Bank, N.A. 
 
 by s Karmyn Paul 
 Name Karmyn Paul 
 Title SVP 
 
 by 
 Name 
 Title 

4 For any Lender requiring a second signature line. 
 Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 Consent to extension of Maturity Date 
 
 Name of Lender 
 KeyBank National Association 
 
 by s Marianne T. Meil 
 Name Marianne T. Meil 
 Title Sr. Vice President 

Consent to amend the Credit Agreement as provided in Section 2 of the forgoing Amendment 
 
 Name of Lender 
 KeyBank National Association 
 
 by s Marianne T. Meil 
 Name Marianne T. Meil 
 Title Sr. Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 Consent to extension of Maturity Date 
 
 Name of Lender TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 by s Bernadette Collins 
 Name Bernadette Collins 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Consent to amend the Credit Agreement as provided in Section 2 of the forgoing Amendment 
 
 Name of Lender TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 by s Bernadette Collins 
 Name Bernadette Collins 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 Consent to extension of Maturity Date 
 
 Name of Lender Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 
 
 by s Minxiao Tian 
 Name Minxiao Tian 
 Title Director 

Consent to amend the Credit Agreement as provided in Section 2 of the forgoing Amendment 
 
 Name of Lender Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 
 
 by s Minxiao Tian 
 Name Minxiao Tian 
 Title Director 

Signature Page to Advance Auto Parts Amendment No. 1 

ANNEX A TO AMENDMENT NO. 1 DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 27, 2023 

CUSIP 
 Deal 00740CAA6 
 REV 00740CAB4 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of November 9, 2021 
 as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of February 27, 2023 
 among 
 ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC., as Borrower 
 ADVANCE STORES COMPANY, INCORPORATED, as Guarantor, 
 The Lenders Party Hereto 
 and 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. as Administrative Agent 
 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC., 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 TRUIST SECURITIES, INC., 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 TRUIST BANK 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Syndication Agents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 1 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 23 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 23 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP Fiscal Month 24 
 SECTION 1.05. Pro Forma Computations 24 25 
 SECTION 1.06. Letter of Credit Amounts 24 25 
 SECTION 1.07. Interest Rates 25 
 ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 
 SECTION 2.01. Commitments 25 26 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 25 26 
 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 26 
 SECTION 2.04. Swingline Loans 26 27 
 SECTION 2.05. Letters of Credit 28 29 
 SECTION 2.06. Funding of Borrowings 34 35 
 SECTION 2.07. Interest Elections 34 35 
 SECTION 2.08. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 36 37 
 SECTION 2.09. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 36 37 
 SECTION 2.10. Replacement of Term SOFR or Successor Rate 37 38 
 SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 41 40 
 SECTION 2.12. Fees 42 40 
 SECTION 2.13. Interest 43 41 
 SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest Illegality 44 42 
 SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs 45 43 
 SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments 46 45 
 SECTION 2.17. Taxes 47 45 
 SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs 49 48 
 SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 51 49 
 SECTION 2.20. Increase in Commitments 52 50 
 SECTION 2.21. Defaulting Lenders 53 52 
 SECTION 2.22. Extension of Maturity Date 55 53 
 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 SECTION 3.01. Organization Powers 56 55 
 i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont d) 
 Page 

SECTION 3.02. Authorization Enforceability 57 55 
 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts 57 55 
 SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change 57 56 
 SECTION 3.05. Properties 58 56 
 SECTION 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters 58 57 
 SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements 58 57 
 SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status 59 57 
 SECTION 3.09. Taxes 59 57 
 SECTION 3.10. ERISA 59 58 
 SECTION 3.11. Disclosure 59 58 
 SECTION 3.12. Reserved 60 58 
 SECTION 3.13. Affected Financial Institution 60 58 
 SECTION 3.14. Solvency 60 58 
 SECTION 3.15. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 60 59 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS 
 SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 60 59 
 SECTION 4.02. Each Revolving Credit Event 62 61 
 ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 63 61 
 SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 64 63 
 SECTION 5.03. Existence Conduct of Business 65 64 
 SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations 65 64 
 SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties 66 64 
 SECTION 5.06. Insurance 66 64 
 SECTION 5.07. Books and Records Inspection and Audit Rights 66 64 
 SECTION 5.08. Compliance with Laws 66 65 
 SECTION 5.09. Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit 66 65 
 SECTION 5.10. Guarantee Requirement 66 65 
 ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 SECTION 6.01. Subsidiary Indebtedness 67 65 
 SECTION 6.02. Liens 68 67 
 SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes 69 68 
 SECTION 6.04. Reserved 70 69 
 SECTION 6.05. Swap Agreements 71 69 
 
 ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont d) 
 Page 

SECTION 6.06. Restrictive Agreements 71 69 
 SECTION 6.07. Reserved 72 70 
 SECTION 6.08. Leverage Ratio 72 70 
 SECTION 6.09. Consolidated Coverage Ratio 72 71 
 ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 ARTICLE VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 SECTION 8.01. Appointment and Authority 74 73 
 SECTION 8.02. Rights as a Lender 75 73 
 SECTION 8.03. Exculpatory Provisions 75 74 
 SECTION 8.04. Reliance by Administrative Agent 76 75 
 SECTION 8.05. Delegation of Duties 76 75 
 SECTION 8.06. Resignation of Administrative Agent 76 75 
 SECTION 8.07. Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 78 77 
 SECTION 8.08. No Other Duties, Etc 79 78 
 SECTION 8.09. Guaranty Matters 79 78 
 SECTION 8.10. ERISA Matters 79 78 
 SECTION 8.11. Recovery of Erroneous Payments. 81 79 
 SECTION 8.12. Guaranty Matters 81 80 
 ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 SECTION 9.01. Notices 81 80 
 SECTION 9.02. Waivers Amendments 83 82 
 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 84 83 
 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 85 84 
 SECTION 9.05. Survival 90 89 
 SECTION 9.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness 90 89 
 SECTION 9.07. Severability 90 89 
 SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 91 89 
 SECTION 9.09. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 91 90 
 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 92 90 
 SECTION 9.11. Headings 92 91 
 SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 92 91 
 SECTION 9.13. Interest Rate Limitation 93 92 
 SECTION 9.14. USA PATRIOT Act 94 92 
 SECTION 9.15. Notices under Existing Credit Agreement 94 93 
 SECTION 9.16. No Fiduciary Relationship 94 93 
 iii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont d) 
 Page 

SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial 
 Institutions 94 93 
 SECTION 9.18. Electronic Execution Electronic Records Counterparts 95 94 
 SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 1.01 Letters of Credit 
 Schedule 2.01 Commitments 
 Schedule 3.06 Disclosed Matters 
 Schedule 4.01 Material Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness 
 Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens 
 Schedule 6.06 Existing Restrictions 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Form of Borrowing Notice 
 Exhibit B Form of Swingline Loan Notice 
 Exhibit C Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit D Form of Guarantee Agreement 
 Exhibit E Form of Opinion of Counsel for the Loan Parties 
 Exhibit F Form of Letter of Credit Report 

iv 

CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of November 9, 2021, among ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), ADVANCE STORES COMPANY, INCORPORATED, a Virginia corporation (the Company ), the LENDERS party hereto, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 The parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I 
 Definitions 
 SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate. 
 Adjusted Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, net income or loss of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, provided that, without duplication, (a) there shall be excluded (i) the income of any Person in which any other Person (other than the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or any director holding qualifying shares in compliance with applicable law) has a joint interest, except such income shall be included to the extent of the amount of dividends or other distributions actually paid to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries by such Person during such period, (ii) the income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or the date that Person s assets are acquired by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, (iii) the cumulative effect for such period of any changes in accounting principles and (iv) gains and losses from, or incurred in connection with, the sale, liquidation or other disposition of assets outside the ordinary course of business and (b) for purposes of calculating the Leverage Ratio and the Consolidated Coverage Ratio, Adjusted Consolidated Net Income shall be determined on a pro forma basis to give effect to any acquisitions, investments and any divestitures by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of all or substantially all the assets of, or all the Equity Interests in, a Person or division or line of business of a Person occurring during such period as if such transactions had occurred on the first day of such period. 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, without limitation, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the UK Bribery Act 2010. 
 Applicable Percentage means, at any time, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time provided that for purposes of Section 2.21, if any Defaulting Lender exists at such time, the Applicable Percentages shall be calculated disregarding such Defaulting Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Revolving Loan that is an ABR Loan or Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan or with respect to facility fees payable under Section 2.12(a), as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption ABR Spread , Eurodollar Term SOFR Spread or Facility Fee Rate , as the case may be, based upon the Ratings by S&P and Moody s, respectively, applicable on such day 
 Index Debt Ratings ABR 
 Spread 
 Eurodollar 
 Term SOFR Spread 
 Facility Fee Rate Category 1 
 Equal to or greater than A- A3 
 0.000 0.795 0.080 Category 2 
 Equal to or greater than BBB+ Baa1 
 0.000 0.900 0.100 Category 3 
 Equal to or greater than BBB Baa2 
 0.000 1.000 0.125 Category 4 
 Equal to or greater than BBB- Baa3 
 0.200 1.200 0.175 Category 5 
 Lower than BBB- Baa3 
 0.300 1.300 0.200 
 
 For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if either Moody s or S&P shall not have in effect a Rating (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this paragraph), then such rating agency shall be deemed to have established a Rating in Category 5 (ii) if the Ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s and S&P for the Index Debt shall fall within different Categories, the Applicable Rate shall be based on the higher of the two Ratings unless one of the two Ratings is two or more Categories lower than the other, in which case the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the Category next below that of the higher of the two Ratings and (iii) if the Ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s and S&P shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of Moody s or S&P), such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is first announced by 
 2 

the applicable rating agency, irrespective of when notice of such change shall have been furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01 or otherwise. Each change in the Applicable Rate apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moody s or S&P shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Borrower and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of Ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the Rating most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. 
 Arrangers means BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Truist Securities, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, each in its capacity as joint lead arranger in respect of the credit facility established hereunder. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Availability Period means, with respect to any Lender, the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date applicable to such Lender and the date of termination of the Commitments in accordance with Section 2.08 or Article VII. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof provided , further , that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or 
 3 

writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1 2 of 1 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, and (c) the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR plus 1.00 . The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.10 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Borrower is defined in the recital of parties. 
 Borrower Debt Securities means unsecured debt securities issued by the Borrower in the capital markets, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower Notes. 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning set forth in Section 5.02. 
 Borrower Notes means the Borrower s 4.50 Unsecured Notes due December 1, 2023, 1.75 senior unsecured notes due October 1, 2027 and 3.90 senior unsecured notes due April 15, 2030. 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, or (b) a Swingline Loan. 
 Borrowing Notice means a notice by the Borrower for (a) a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, (b) a conversion of Revolving Loans from one Type to the other in accordance with Section 2.07, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans in accordance with Section 2.07, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located and, if such day relates to any Eurodollar Loan, means any such day that is also a London Banking Day . 
 4 

Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Change in Control means at any time, (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person other than the Borrower of any shares of capital stock of the Company (b) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 under the United States Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 in effect on the date hereof), of shares representing more than 35 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Borrower or (c) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Borrower by Persons who were not Continuing Directors. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Closing Date means the date of this Agreement. 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08, (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption or agreement executed in accordance with Section 2.20 pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders Commitments is 1,200,000,000. 
 5 

Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 
 Company is defined in the recital of parties. 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate , SOFR , Term SOFR and Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 Consolidated Adjusted Funded Debt means, on any date, the sum of (a) Total Debt as of such date and (b) all liabilities of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries under operating leases, as reflected on the Borrower s most recent consolidated statements of financial position in accordance with FASB 842. 
 Consolidated Coverage Ratio means, for any period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDAR for such period to (b) the sum of Consolidated Interest Expense plus Consolidated Rent Expense for such period. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, Adjusted Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus, without duplication and to the extent deducted from revenues in determining Adjusted Consolidated Net Income, the sum of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, (b) the aggregate amount of letter of credit fees accrued during such period, (c) the aggregate amount of income tax expense for such period, (d) all depreciation and amortization expense for such period, (e) other non-cash charges for such period (excluding any non-cash charges that constitute accruals of or reserves for future cash payments or write-downs or write-offs of inventory or accounts receivable) and (f) cash charges and accruals for future cash charges for such period, provided that the aggregate amount of charges added to Adjusted Consolidated Net Income under this clause (f) for all periods shall not exceed 75,000,000 , and minus, without duplication and to the extent included in calculating Adjusted Consolidated Net Income for such period, (i) all non-cash gains during such period, (ii) gains on the sales of assets outside of the ordinary course of business and gains from discontinued operations, (iii) gains on the retirement of debt identified in the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries and (iv) any other nonrecurring or non-cash income, all as determined on a consolidated basis with respect to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in accordance with 
 6 

GAAP. Consolidated EBITDA shall be determined on a pro forma basis to give effect to any Material Specified Transaction occurring during such period as if each such Material Specified Transaction had occurred on the first day of such period. 
 Consolidated EBITDAR means, for any period, the sum of Consolidated EBITDA for such period plus Consolidated Rent Expense for such period. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, the interest expense of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, less, to the extent included in interest expense, the amortization during such period of debt issuance and deferred financing costs, commissions and fees. Consolidated Interest Expense shall be determined on a pro forma basis to give effect to any Material Specified Transaction occurring during such period as if such transactions had occurred on the first day of such period. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, net income or loss of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means the total assets of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, less goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and related expenses and other intangibles and less current liabilities, all as described on the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries delivered in accordance with Section 5.01. 
 Consolidated Rent Expense means, for any period, the rental expense attributable to leases of real property that is deducted in determining Adjusted Consolidated Net Income for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Rent Expense shall be determined on a pro forma basis to give effect to any Material Specified Transaction occurring during such period as if such transactions had occurred on the first day of such period. 
 Continuing Directors means the directors of the Borrower on the Closing Date and each other director, if, in each case, such other director s nomination for election or appointment to the board of directors of the Borrower is approved by a majority of the then Continuing Directors. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and each other Lender. 
 Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). 
 7 

Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and, if applicable, participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action. 
 Deferred Compensation Obligations means a non-qualified deferred compensation plan that allows executives of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries to defer receipt of specified portions of base and bonus earnings each calendar year. 
 Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.06. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary incorporated or organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia (other than (a) any direct or indirect Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code (each such Subsidiary, a CFC and (b) any direct or indirect Subsidiary that has no material assets other than Equity Interests in one or more direct or indirect non-U.S. Subsidiaries that are CFCs). 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 8 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). 
 Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person or any warrants, options or other rights to acquire such interests. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived) (b) a failure by any Plan to meet the minimum funding standards within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA applicable to such Plan, in each case whether or not waived, (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan, (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan 
 9 

(e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Eurodollar , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate. 
 Eurodollar Rate means 
 (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Loan, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for U.S. Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period LIBOR as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period , for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period 
 (b) for any interest calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to LIBOR, at or about 11 00 a.m., London time determined two London Banking Days prior to such date for U.S. Dollar deposits with a term of one month commencing that day and 
 (c) if the Eurodollar Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 
 Excluded Margin Stock means any shares of capital stock of the Borrower that constitute margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board and are held as treasury stock by the Borrower. 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) income or franchise taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income by (A) the United States of America, or by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any 
 10 

Lender, in which its Lending Office is located or (B) any jurisdiction as a result of any other connection between the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank and such jurisdiction other than any connection arising from executing, delivering, being a party to, engaging in any transactions pursuant to, performing its obligations under, receiving payments under or enforcing, any Loan Document, (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the recipient is located, (c) in the case of a Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)), any U.S. withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Lender at the time such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new Lending Office) or is attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f), except to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.17(a) and (d) any withholding taxes under FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement means the Credit Agreement dated as of January 31, 2017, among the Borrower, the Company, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 Existing Letters of Credit means all letters of credit outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the Effective Date and listed on Schedule 1.01. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof (and any amended or successor version thereof that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code, any intergovernmental agreement between the United States of America and any other relevant jurisdiction entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Internal Revenue Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, vice president of finance, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower. 
 Foreign Lender means any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is located. For purposes of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 11 

Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States of America or any State thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to any Issuing Bank, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding LC Exposure other than LC Exposure as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or cash collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of Swingline Loans other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national body exercising such powers or functions, such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation provided , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. 
 Guarantee Agreement means the Guarantee Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit D, made by the Company and the Subsidiaries parties thereto in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders. 
 Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, the requirement that (a) the Guarantee Agreement (or a supplement thereto) shall have been executed by the Company and each Material Subsidiary (other than an SPE Subsidiary or an Insurance Subsidiary) shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent and shall be in full force and effect and (b) as to each Material Subsidiary (other than an SPE Subsidiary or an Insurance Subsidiary) that shall become 
 12 

a party to the Guarantee Agreement after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received documents comparable to those delivered under paragraphs (b), (c) and (e) of Section 4.01 with respect to Subsidiaries party to such Guarantee Agreement on the Effective Date. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes, all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business that are not overdue by more than 90 days, (ii) Deferred Compensation Obligations and (iii) any earnout obligation until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and such obligation is not paid by or on behalf of such Person after becoming due and payable), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) all obligations of such Person as an account party in respect of amounts drawn and unreimbursed under letters of credit and letters of guaranty and (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. The amount of any Indebtedness described in clause (f) above shall be limited to the maximum amount payable under the applicable Guarantee of such Person if such Guarantee contains limitations on the amount payable thereunder. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person referred to in clause (e) shall be deemed to equal the lesser of (i) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of the property encumbered by the Lien securing such Indebtedness, as determined by such Person in good faith. 
 Indemnified Taxes means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes. 
 Index Debt means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower that is not guaranteed by any other Person or subject to any other credit enhancement. 
 Information Memorandum means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated October 13, 2021 relating to the Borrower and the Transactions. 
 13 

Insignificant Subsidiaries means, as of any day, Subsidiaries (a) the combined total assets of which are less than 5 of the consolidated total assets of the Borrower as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower in respect of which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 (or, prior to the first delivery of any such financial statements, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ended July 17, 2021), (b) the combined net income of which is less than 5 of the consolidated net income of the Borrower for the most recent period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended on or prior to such date in respect of which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 (or, prior to the first delivery of any such financial statements, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended July 17, 2021) and (c) the combined revenues of which are less than 5 of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower for the most recent period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended on or prior to such date in respect of which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 (or, prior to the first delivery of any such financial statements, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended July 17, 2021). 
 Insurance Subsidiary means each wholly owned Subsidiary that is maintained as a special purpose self-insurance subsidiary and any of its subsidiaries. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, (b) with respect to any Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and (c) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid. 
 Interest Period means as to each Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to availability), as selected by the Borrower in its Borrowing Notice , or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower and consented to by all the Lenders provided that 
 (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day 
 (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and 
 (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 14 

ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
 Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by a Issuing Bank and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of such Issuing Bank and relating to such Letter of Credit. 
 Issuing Bank means at any time one or more of (a) Bank of America, N.A., (b) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., (c) Truist Bank, (d) U.S. Bank National Association, (e) Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., (f) solely in respect of any Existing Letters of Credit, the Person that is the issuer thereof or (g) any other Lender that agrees with the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to become an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. An Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. For purposes of computing the undrawn amount of any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. The LC Exposure of any Issuing Bank at any time shall be the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. 
 Lead Arrangers means the financial institutions identified as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners on the cover page hereof. 
 Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or an agreement executed and delivered in accordance with Section 2.20, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender. 
 15 

Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
 Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. Each Existing Letter of Credit will be deemed to constitute a Letter of Credit for all purposes under the Loan Documents as though each Existing Letter of Credit had been issued hereunder on the Effective Date for the account of the Borrower. 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the applicable Issuing Bank. 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to 200,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the total Commitments. 
 Leverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Adjusted Funded Debt as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDAR for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower most recently ended as of such date (or, if such date is not the last day of a fiscal quarter, then most recently ended prior to such date), all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, the promissory notes, if any, executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.09(e), the documents, if any, executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.20 and , the Guarantee Agreement and any amendments, modifications or supplements hereto or to any other Loan Document or waivers hereof or to any other Loan Document . 
 Loan Parties means the Borrower, the Company and any Subsidiary that Guarantees the Obligations. 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. 
 London Banking Day means any day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. 
 16 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties to perform any of their respective obligations under the Loan Documents to which they are party or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Lenders under any Loan Document. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 75,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Material Specified Transaction means any acquisition, investment or divestiture of assets by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries for an aggregate consideration or with a fair market value, as applicable, of at least 25,000,000. 
 Material Subsidiary means, as of any day, any Domestic Subsidiary that is required to satisfy the Guarantee Requirement pursuant to Section 5.10. 
 Maturity Date means the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date, as such date may be extended from time to time pursuant to Section 2.22 provided that the Maturity Date of any Lender that is a Non-Extending Lender to any requested extension pursuant to Section 2.22 shall be the Maturity Date in effect immediately prior to the applicable extension request for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., and any successor to its rating agency business. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, any Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 Non-Extending Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.22. 
 Obligations has the meaning set forth in the Guarantee Agreement. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Other Taxes means any and all current or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document. 
 17 

Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Permitted Encumbrances means 
 (a) Liens imposed by law for taxes or government assessments that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 
 (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 60 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 
 (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations 
 (d) deposits (and, to the extent securing a trade contract or indemnity bond, Liens on assets to which such contract or bond relates) to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs, indemnity and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations), in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (e) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VII 
 (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary 
 (g) any interest or title of a lessor under any lease that is limited to the property subject to such lease 
 (h) unperfected Liens of any vendor on inventory sold by such vendor securing the unpaid purchase price of such inventory, to the extent such Liens are stated to be reserved in such vendor s sale documents (and not granted by separate agreement of the Borrower or any Subsidiary) 
 (i) Liens arising in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, which (i) do not secure monetary obligations and (ii) do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially detract from the value of the affected assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business the Borrower and the Subsidiaries 
 18 

(j) sales of accounts receivable or promissory notes to factors or other third parties in the ordinary course of business for purposes of collection (but not as part of a securitization or other financing transaction) 
 (k) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business and 
 (l) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks or other financial institutions not given in connection with the incurrence of Indebtedness, (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business 
 provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. 
 Permitted Investments means 
 (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of America (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating from S&P of A1 or higher or from Moody s of P1 or higher 
 (c) investments in certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000 
 (d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above 
 (e) investments in money market or mutual funds substantially all the assets of which are comprised of securities of the types described in any of clauses (a) through (d) above and 
 19 

(f) corporate notes and corporate bonds or municipal securities which includes variable rate demand notes and auction rate municipals, assigned a credit rating from S&P of A2 or higher or from Moody s of A or higher. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, sponsored, maintained or contributed to by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Platform has the meaning set forth in Section 5.02. 
 Rating means (a) the rating by the applicable rating agency of the Index Debt or (b) in the absence of Index Debt, the corporate rating or corporate family rating or the equivalent applicable to the Borrower by the applicable rating agency. 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors, consultants, service providers and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Revolving Exposures and unused Commitments at such time provided that the Revolving Exposures and unused Commitments of Defaulting Lenders shall not be included for purposes of determining Required Lenders . 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.18(d). 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means a Financial Officer of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 20 

Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01. 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business, and any successor to its rating agency business. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is the subject or target of any Sanctions. 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person controlled by any such Person. 
 Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State. 
 Securitization Transaction means any arrangement under which the Borrower or any other Subsidiary transfers, once or on a revolving basis, without recourse (except for indemnities and representations customary for securitization transactions and except for the retention of risk in an amount and form required by applicable laws and regulations or as is customary for a similar type of transaction) involving one or more true sale transactions, accounts receivable or interests therein and related assets customarily transferred in connection with securitization transactions (a) to a trust, partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other entity, which transfer is funded in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, by the incurrence or issuance by the transferee or successor transferee of Indebtedness or other securities that are to receive payments from, or that represent interests in, the cash flow derived from such accounts receivable or interests therein, or (b) directly to one or more investors or other purchasers. The amount or principal amount of any Securitization Transaction shall be deemed at any time to be the aggregate principal or stated amount of the Indebtedness or other securities referred to in the first sentence of this definition or, if there shall be no such principal or stated amount, the uncollected amount of the accounts receivable or interests therein transferred pursuant to such Securitization Transaction, net of any such accounts receivable or interests therein that have been written off as uncollectible. 
 SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator). 
 SOFR Adjustment means 0.10 . 
 SPE Subsidiary means any Subsidiary formed solely for the purpose of, and that engages only in, one or more Securitization Transactions. 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency 
 21 

Liabilities in Regulation D of the Board). Such reserve percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D. Eurodollar Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Successor Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(a). 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 Swingline Lender means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder or any successor in such capacity pursuant to Section 2.04(d). 
 Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.04. 
 Swingline Loan Notice means a notice of by the Borrower for a Swingline Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b), which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or such other form as approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approve by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Swingline Sublimit means an amount equal to 75,000,000. The Swingline Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the total Commitments. 
 22 

Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority. 
 Term SOFR means 
 (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11 00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment and 
 (b) for any interest calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day 
 provided that if Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Revolving Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) . 
 Total Debt means, as of the date of determination, an amount equal to all Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries outstanding on such date excluding (i) Indebtedness described in clauses (e), (f) and (h) of the definition of Indebtedness and (ii) any Indebtedness of another Person that is Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Subsidiary solely by reason of the second sentence of the definition of Indebtedness provided that any letters of credit and letters of guaranty referred to in clause (h) of the definition Indebtedness shall not be excluded from Total Debt to the extent issued to support any other obligations constituting Indebtedness. 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is a party, the borrowing of the Loans, the use of the proceeds thereof, the termination and refinancing of the Existing Credit Agreement (and the guaranties referred to therein) and the issuance of the Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans constituting such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR or the Base Rate. 
 23 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Withholding Agent means any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type e.g. , a Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Type e.g. , a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing ). 
 SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any 
 24 

agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (c) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 
 SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms GAAP Fiscal Month . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that (a) for purposes of determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement, the determination of whether a lease is to be treated as an operating lease or capital lease shall be made without giving effect to any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the implementation of proposed Accounting Standards Update (ASU) Leases (Topic 840) issued August 17, 2010, or any successor proposal, (b) if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith and (c) notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, or any successor thereto (including pursuant to the Accounting Standards Codification), to value any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein. Except as otherwise provided herein, all references to a fiscal month shall mean any period of four or five calendar weeks used by the Borrower for recording or reporting its interim financial information. 
 25 

SECTION 1.05 Pro Forma Computations . All pro forma computations required to be made hereunder giving effect to any Material Specified Transaction shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto and to any other Material Specified Transaction consummated since the first day of the period covered by any component of such pro forma computation and on or prior to the date of such computation, as if such Material Specified Transaction(s) had occurred on the first day of the relevant period, and, to the extent applicable, to the historical earnings and cash flows associated with the assets acquired or disposed of and any related incurrence or reduction of Indebtedness, all in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Swap Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness if such Swap Agreement has a remaining term in excess of 12 months). 
 SECTION 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 
 SECTION 1.07 Interest Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Eurodollar Rate any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any of such rate (including, without limitation, any Benchmark Replacement (as defined in Section 2.10) Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as defined in Section 2.10). . The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 26 

ARTICLE II The Credits 
 SECTION 2.01 Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period applicable to such Lender in dollars Dollars in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in such Lender s Revolving Exposure exceeding its Commitment. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow Revolving Loans and may prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 
 SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings . 
 (a) Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans of the same Type made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Revolving Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Revolving Loans as required. 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.14, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 500,000 and not less than 5,000,000 provided that (i) an ABR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Commitments and (ii) an ABR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the amount that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 200,000. Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of 8 Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowings outstanding. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the latest Maturity Date. 
 SECTION 2.03 Requests for Borrowings . To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request (a) in the case of a 
 27 

Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m. 12 00 noon , New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m. 12 00 noon , New York City time, one Business Day before the date of the proposed Borrowing provided that any such notice of an ABR Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(e) may be given not later than 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing, which may be given by (x) telephone or (y) by a Borrowing Notice, provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Borrowing Notice. Each such Borrowing request shall be irrevocable. Each such Borrowing Notice shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the aggregate amount of such Borrowing 
 (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing 
 (iv) in the case of a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 (v) the location and number of the Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.06. 
 If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Notice in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 SECTION 2.04 Swingline Loans . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period applicable to the Swingline Lender, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding the Swingline Sublimit or (ii) the sum of the total Revolving Exposures exceeding the total Commitments provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 
 (b) To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request, not later than 12 00 noon 1 00 p.m. , New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan, which may be given by (x) telephone or 
 28 

(y) by a Swingline Loan Notice, provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Swingline Loan Notice. Each such Borrowing request shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to the general deposit account of the Borrower with the Swingline Lender (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(e), by remittance to the applicable Issuing Bank) by 3 00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. 
 (c) The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on any Business Day require the Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.06 with respect to Revolving Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.06 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. 
 (d) Replacement of Swingline Lender . A Swingline Lender may be replaced by any other Lender at any time that there are no outstanding Swingline Loans by a written agreement among the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and successor 
 29 

Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Swingline Lender. From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement and (ii) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor Swingline Lender. After the replacement of the Swingline Lender pursuant to this clause (d), the replaced Swingline Lender shall not be required to make any Swingline Loans. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in Section 9.04, at no time following the replacement of the Swingline Lender pursuant to this clause (d), may the Swingline Lender as of such time make an assignment or assignments the effect of which would be to reduce its Commitment to zero. 
 SECTION 2.05 Letters of Credit . 
 (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the issuance of Letters of Credit for its own account in Dollars, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period applicable to such Issuing Bank. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of Letter of Credit Application, Issuer Document or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, an Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if (x) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it, (y) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally or (z) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless such Issuing Bank has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to such Issuing Bank (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate such Issuing Bank s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.21(c)(i )) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other LC Exposure as to which such Issuing Bank has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion. 
 (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy 
 30 

(or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Issuing Bank) to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c)(i) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If there is more than one Issuing Bank, the Borrower may select among the Issuing Banks in connection with the issuance of any Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a Letter of Credit Application on such Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the LC Exposure of any Issuing Bank shall not exceed 40,000,000 (unless such Issuing Bank shall agree to waive such limitation) and the LC Exposure shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit and (ii) the total Revolving Exposures shall not exceed the total Commitments provided that if (i) the Maturity Date has been extended as to some but not all Lenders pursuant to Section 2.22 and (ii) the Borrower requests the issuance of a Letter of Credit which expires later than the Maturity Date in effect prior to such extension, then compliance with clause (ii) above shall be determined solely with reference to the Lenders whose Commitments have been so extended. 
 (c) Expiration Date . (i) Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the latest Maturity Date provided , however , that a Letter of Credit may, if requested by the Borrower, provide by its terms for renewal for successive periods of up to one year each (but not beyond the date set forth in clause (ii) above) unless and until the applicable Issuing Bank shall have delivered a notice of nonrenewal, in accordance with such Letter of Credit, prior to the then expiry thereof to the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit. 
 (ii) Auto-Extension Letters of Credit . If the Borrower so requests in any applicable notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit such Issuing Bank to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to such Issuing Bank for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders 
 31 

shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable Issuing Bank to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date which shall comply with paragraph (c)(i) of this Section) provided , however , that the applicable Issuing Bank shall not permit any such extension if (A) such Issuing Bank has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof, or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing such Issuing Bank not to permit such extension. 
 (d) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the Issuing Bank that is the issuer thereof hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 (e) Reimbursement . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is received prior to 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on the day of the receipt, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt provided that, if such LC Disbursement is not less than 100,000, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.04 that such payment be financed with an ABR Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Borrowing or Swingline Loan. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable 
 32 

Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.06 with respect to Revolving Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.06 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for an LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 
 (f) Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision herein or therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder. None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the Issuing Banks, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of any Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept 
 33 

and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (g) Disbursement Procedures . The applicable Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The applicable Issuing Bank shall promptly after payment of such demand has been made, notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any LC Disbursement. 
 (h) Interim Interest . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Loans provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 
 (i) Replacement or Additions of Issuing Banks . An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the successor to such Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 (j) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 103 of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of Article VII. Each such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. The 
 34 

Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Banks for LC Disbursements for which they have not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of the Required Lenders), be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 (k) Letter of Credit Reports . Each applicable Issuing Bank shall furnish (A) to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrower) on the first Business Day of each month a written report in substantially the form of Exhibit F (or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent) summarizing issuance and expiration dates of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the preceding month and drawings during such month under all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, (B) to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrower) on the first Business Day of each calendar quarter a written report setting forth the actual daily aggregate available amount of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the preceding calendar quarter of all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank and (C) prompt notice to the Administrative Agent of each expiration, cancellation or renewal of a Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank hereunder. 
 (l) Applicability of ISP Limitation of Liability . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Issuing Bank shall be responsible to the Borrower for, and no Issuing Bank s rights and remedies against the Borrower shall be impaired by, any action or inaction of such Issuing Bank required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where such Issuing Bank or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 
 SECTION 2.06 Funding of Borrowings . 
 Article I (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 12 00 noon 1 00 p.m. , New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as 
 35 

provided in Section 2.04. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the Borrower designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Notice provided that ABR Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank. 
 (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 SECTION 2.07 Interest Elections . 
 (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Notice and, in the case of a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Notice. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. 
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by the time that a Borrowing Notice would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Borrowing Notice provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Borrowing Notice. 
 (c) Each Borrowing Notice delivered under this Section shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the Borrowing to which such interest election request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the 
 36 

portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Borrowing Notice, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Borrowing Notice requests a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (d) Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Borrowing Notice with respect to a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 SECTION 2.08 Termination and Reduction of Commitments . 
 (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitment of each Lender shall terminate on the Maturity Date applicable to such Lender. 
 (b) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, the sum of the Revolving Exposures would exceed the total Commitments. 
 (c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, 
 37 

specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 SECTION 2.09 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan of such Lender on the Maturity Date applicable to such Lender and (ii) to the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Maturity Date applicable to the Swingline Lender and the first date after such Swingline Loan is made that is the 15th or last day of a calendar month and is at least two Business Days after such Swingline Loan is made provided that on each date on which a Borrowing is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding. 
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant 
 38 

to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or its registered assigns). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender shall transfer a promissory note unless such transfer is simultaneously recorded in the Register as an assignment. 
 SECTION 2.10 Replacement of Term SOFR or Successor Rate . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 (ii) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of Dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date 
 then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Successor Rate). 
 If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 39 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 2.10(a)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 2.10 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar Dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar Dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Successor Rate . Any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 
 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document 
 (a) On March 5, 2021 the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of LIBOR s administrator IBA ), announced in a public statement the future cessation or loss of representativeness of overnight Spot Next, 1-week, 1-month, 2-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12- month U.S. dollar LIBOR tenor settings. On the earliest of (i) the date that all Available Tenors of U.S dollar LIBOR have permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided by IBA or have been announced by the FCA pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative, (ii) June 30, 2023 and (iii) the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of a SOFR Early Opt-in, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBOR, the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 (b) (x) Upon (i) the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or (ii) a determination by the Administrative Agent that neither of the alternatives under clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement are available, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or 
 40 

further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders (and any such objection shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) provided that solely in the event that the then-current Benchmark at the time of such Benchmark Transition Event is not a SOFR-based rate, the Benchmark Replacement therefor shall be determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement unless the Administrative Agent determines that neither of such alternative rates is available. 
 (y) On the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of an Other Rate Early Opt-in, the Benchmark Replacement will replace LIBOR for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (c) At any time that the administrator of the then-current Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the Borrower may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark until the Borrower s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark, and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During the period referenced in the foregoing sentence, the component of Base Rate based upon the Benchmark will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. 
 (d) In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement , the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement . 
 (e) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.10, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.10. 
 41 

(f) At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or LIBOR), then the Administrative Agent may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings and (ii) the Administrative Agent may reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings. 
 As used above 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
 Benchmark means, initially, LIBOR provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to this Section 2.10 then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 
 Benchmark Replacement means 
 (1) For purposes of Section 2.10(a), the first alternative set forth below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent 
 (a) the sum of (i) Term SOFR and (ii) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) for an Available Tenor of one-month s duration, 0.26161 (26.161 basis points) for an Available Tenor of three-months duration, 0.42826 (42.826 basis points) for an Available Tenor of six-months duration, and 0.71513 (71.513 basis points) for an Available Tenor of twelve-months duration , or 
 (b) the sum of (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) 
 provided that, if initially LIBOR is replaced with the rate contained in clause (b) above (Daily Simple SOFR plus the applicable spread adjustment) and subsequent to such replacement, the Administrative Agent determines that Term SOFR has become available and is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, and the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and each Lender of such availability, then from and after the beginning of the Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, in each case, commencing no less than thirty (30) days after the date of such notice, the Benchmark Replacement shall be as set forth in clause (a) above and 
 (2) For purposes of Section 2.10(b), the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the 
 42 

replacement Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by a Relevant Governmental Body, for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time 
 provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than zero, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (d) Any Benchmark Replacement Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Benchmark Replacement Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (f) In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate , the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices , the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark other than LIBOR, the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark or a Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such administrator announcing or stating that all Available Tenors are or will no longer be representative, or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of 
 43 

loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication , there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide any representative tenors of such Benchmark after such specific date. 
 Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the secured overnight financing rate SOFR published on such date by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , as the administrator of the benchmark (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). 
 Early Opt-in Effective Date means, with respect to any Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of 
 (1) a determination by the Administrative Agent, or a notification by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent that the Borrower has made a determination, that U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in this Section 2.10, are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR, and 
 (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 Other Rate Early Opt-in means the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have elected to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement other than a SOFR-based rate pursuant to (1) an Early Opt-in Election and (2) Section 2.10(b) and paragraph (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement . 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 SOFR Early Opt-in means the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have elected to replace LIBOR pursuant to (1) an Early Opt-in Election and (2) Section 2.10(a) and paragraph (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement . 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable corresponding tenor (or if any Available Tenor of a Benchmark does not correspond to an Available Tenor for the applicable Benchmark Replacement, the closest corresponding Available Tenor and if such Available Tenor corresponds equally to two Available Tenors of the applicable Benchmark Replacement, the 
 44 

corresponding tenor of the shorter duration shall be applied), the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 SECTION 2.11 Prepayment of Loans . i)The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to the requirements of this Section. 
 (b) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment or (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the prepayment date, the Borrowing to be prepaid and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.08, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.08. Promptly following receipt of any such notice (other than a notice relating solely to Swingline Loans), the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13. 
 SECTION 2.12 Fees . (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the actual daily amount of the Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the date on which the Commitments terminate provided that, if such Lender continues to have any Revolving Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such facility fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of such Lender s Revolving Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Revolving Exposure. Accrued facility fees shall be payable in arrears on the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date provided that any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All facility fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (b) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate as interest on Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans on the actual daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any 
 45 

portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate agreed upon by the Borrower and such Issuing Bank on the actual daily amount of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any such LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the third Business Day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 10 days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (c) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the applicable Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, to the Lenders entitled thereto. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 SECTION 2.13 Interest . (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b) The Loans comprising each Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 46 

(d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of a Revolving Loan, upon termination of the Commitments provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the end of longest Availability Period applicable to any Lender), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (e) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Base Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Base Rate or Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (f) With respect to SOFR or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document , any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 SECTION 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest Illegality . (a) If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR for such Interest Period and a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 2.10 (a has (i) or (ii) have not occurred or (B) Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurodollar Borrowing or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or telecopy as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Borrowing Notice that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation 
 47 

of any Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing shall be ineffective and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurodollar Term SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing. 
 (b) If any Lender determines that any law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate SOFR or Term SOFR , or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market SOFR or Term SOFR , then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans or to convert ABR Loans to Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (1) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans of such Lender to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans and (2) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate SOFR , the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate SOFR . Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.16. 
 SECTION 2.15 Increased Costs . (a) If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or Issuing Bank 
 (ii) impose on any Lender or Issuing Bank or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) 
 48 

affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein or 
 (iii) subject any Lender or Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent to any Taxes (other than (A) Taxes on payments made by any Loan Party under this Agreement or (B) Other Taxes), including any interest additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto, on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or any Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or any Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, and, in reasonable detail, the basis therefor, shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or an Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the 
 49 

Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or an Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 SECTION 2.16 Break Funding Payments . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Revolving Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (d) the assignment of any Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19(b), then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event . In the case of a Eurodollar Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Eurodollar Rate that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the Eurodollar market . A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section, and, in reasonable detail, the basis therefor, shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 SECTION 2.17 Taxes . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes provided that if the Borrower shall be required to deduct any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 
 (b) In addition, the Borrower shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 
 (c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank, within 10 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent, such 
 50 

Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability, and setting forth, in reasonable detail, the basis therefor, delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or an Issuing Bank, or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent for any Taxes (but, in the case of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so) attributable to such Lender that are paid or payable by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The indemnity under this Section 2.17(e) shall be paid within 10 days after the Administrative Agent delivers to the applicable Lender a certificate stating the amount of Taxes so paid or payable by the Administrative Agent. Such certificate shall be conclusive of the amount so paid or payable absent manifest error. 
 (f) (i) Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the Code, the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any Lender that is a U.S. person (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement a properly completed and duly executed Form W-9, or any subsequent versions thereof or successors thereto, and any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable (1) a properly completed and duly 
 51 

executed Form W-8BEN (or W-8BEN-E) claiming complete exemption from U.S. Federal withholding tax on payments of interest by the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and a certificate representing that such Foreign Lender is not a bank for purposes of Section 881(c) of the Code, is not a ten-percent shareholder (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code) of the Borrower and is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower (within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Code, (2) a properly completed and duly executed Form W-8BEN (or W-8BEN-E), or any subsequent versions thereof or successors thereto, claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States of America is a party for a complete exemption from or a reduced rate of U.S. Federal withholding tax on payments of interest by the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (3) a properly completed and duly executed Form W-8ECI, or any subsequent versions thereof or successors thereto, or (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner (for example, where the Lender is a partnership, or is a participating Lender), Form W-8IMY (or any successor forms) of the Foreign Lender, accompanied by a Form W-8ECI, W-8BEN (or W-8BEN-E), certification described in Section 2.17(f)(i)(1), Form W-9, Form W-8IMY (or other successor forms) or any other required information from each beneficial owner that would be required under this Section 2.17 if such beneficial owner were a Lender, as applicable. 
 (ii) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Withholding Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent as may be necessary for the Withholding Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has or has not complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA and, as necessary, to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding sentence, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Solely for purposes of this Section 2.17(f)(ii), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 (g) If the Administrative Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17, it shall pay over such refund to the Borrower (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving 
 52 

rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund) provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Nothing contained in this Section 2.17(g) shall require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes which it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
 SECTION 2.18 Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs . (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder or under any other Loan Document (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16, 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off, defense, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to such account as may be specified by the Administrative Agent, except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto and payments pursuant to other Loan Documents shall be made to the Persons specified therein. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payment received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof in like funds. If any payment under any Loan Document shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments under each Loan Document shall be made in dollars. 
 (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 
 (c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline 
 53 

Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or an Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any Issuing Bank hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by such Borrower (whether or not then owed) or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 (e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(c), 2.05(d) or (e), 2.06(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion and notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the 
 54 

account of such Lender for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the applicable Issuing Bank to satisfy such Lender s obligations to it under such Section until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid, and or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 SECTION 2.19 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . (a) Each Lender may make any extension of credit hereunder to the Borrower through any Lending Office, provided that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the extension of credit hereunder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, if any Lender is a Non-Extending Lender or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and Swingline Lender, which consents shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder (including, without limitation, any amounts arising under Section 2.16 as a consequence of such repayment), from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 55 

SECTION 2.20 Increase in Commitments . (a) The Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders), request that the total Commitments be increased provided that the total Commitments shall not be increased by more than 500,000,000 during the term of this Agreement pursuant to this Section. Such notice shall set forth the amount of the requested increase in the total Commitments and the date on which such increase is requested to become effective (which shall be not less than 10 Business Days or more than 60 days after the date of such notice), and shall offer each Lender the opportunity to increase its Commitment by its Applicable Percentage of the proposed increased amount. Each Lender shall, by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent given not more than 10 days after the date of the Borrower s notice, either agree to increase its Commitment by all or a portion of the offered amount (each Lender so agreeing being an Increasing Lender or decline to increase its Commitment (and any Lender that does not deliver such a notice within such period of 10 days shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment). In the event that, on the 10th day after the Borrower shall have delivered a notice pursuant to the first sentence of this paragraph, the Lenders shall have agreed pursuant to the preceding sentence to increase their Commitments by an aggregate amount less than the increase in the total Commitments requested by the Borrower, the Borrower may arrange for one or more banks or other financial institutions (any such bank or other financial institution being called an Augmenting Lender ), which may include any Lender, to extend Commitments or increase their existing Commitments in an aggregate amount equal to the unsubscribed amount provided that each Augmenting Lender, if not already a Lender hereunder, shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender (such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld), and the Borrower and each Augmenting Lender shall execute all such documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence its Commitment and or its status as a Lender hereunder. Any increase in the total Commitments may be made in an amount which is less than the increase requested by the Borrower if the Borrower is unable to arrange for, or chooses not to arrange for, Augmenting Lenders. 
 (b) On the effective date (the Increase Effective Date of any increase in the total Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.20 (the Commitment Increase ), if any Revolving Loans are outstanding, then (unless the Commitment Increase is being effected by an increase in each Lender s Commitment ratably in accordance with its Applicable Percentage) the Borrower (i) shall prepay all Revolving Loans then outstanding (including all accrued but unpaid interest thereon) and (ii) may, at its option, fund such prepayment by simultaneously borrowing Revolving Loans of the Types and for the Interest Periods specified in a Borrowing Request delivered pursuant to Section 2.03, which Revolving Loans shall be made by the Lenders (including the Increasing Lenders and the Augmenting Lenders, if any) ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments (calculated after giving effect to the Commitment Increase). The payments made pursuant to clause (i) above in respect of each Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan shall be subject to Section 2.16. 
 (c) Increases and new Commitments created pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall become effective on the date specified in the notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to the first sentence of paragraph (a) above provided that the Borrower may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably 
 56 

withheld), extend such date by up to 30 days by delivering written notice to the Administrative Agent no less than two Business Days prior to the date specified in the notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to the first sentence of paragraph (a) above. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no increase in the total Commitments (or in the Commitment of any Lender) or addition of an Augmenting Lender shall become effective under this Section unless (i) on the date of such increase, the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received (with sufficient copies for each of the Lenders) documents consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date under clauses (b) and (c) of Section 4.01. 
 SECTION 2.21 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a) 
 (b) the Commitment and Revolving Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02) provided , that this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification as described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of Section 9.02(b) 
 (c) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time a Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders that are Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that (x) the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Exposures plus such Defaulting Lender s Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments and (y) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at such time 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize for the benefit of the Issuing Banks only the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding 
 57 

(iii) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized 
 (iv) if the LC Exposure of the Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages and 
 (v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all facility fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit participation fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the applicable Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and or cash collateralized and 
 (d) so long as a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and an Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.21(c), and participating interests in any newly made Swingline Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.21(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event with respect to a Lender Parent of any Lender shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or an Issuing Bank has actual knowledge that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Banks shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks each agree that a Defaulting Lender that is a Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline 
 58 

Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Revolving Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 SECTION 2.22 Extension of Maturity Date . 
 (a) Requests for Extension . The Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Lenders) not earlier than 60 days and not later than 30 days prior to any anniversary of the Closing Date (the Anniversary Date ), request that each Lender extend such Lender s Maturity Date for an additional one year from the Maturity Date then in effect with respect to such Lender provided that only two such extensions are available hereunder. 
 (b) Lender Elections to Extend . Each Lender, acting in its sole and individual discretion, shall, by notice to the Administrative Agent given not earlier than 30 days prior to the applicable Anniversary Date and not later than the date (the Notice Date that is 20 days prior to such Anniversary Date, advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender agrees to such extension (and each Lender that determines not to so extend its Maturity Date (a Non-Extending Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent of such fact promptly after such determination (but in any event no later than the Notice Date)) and any Lender that does not so advise the Administrative Agent on or before the Notice Date shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. The election of any Lender to agree to such extension shall not obligate any other Lender to so agree. 
 (c) Notification by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of each Lender s determination under this Section no later than the date 15 days prior to the applicable Anniversary Date (or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next preceding Business Day). 
 (d) Additional Commitment Lenders . The Borrower shall have the right to replace each Non-Extending Lender with, and add as Lenders under this Agreement in place thereof, one or more assignees approved in accordance with Section 9.04(b)(i) (each, an Additional Commitment Lender as provided in Section 2.19 provided that each of such Additional Commitment Lenders shall enter into an Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Additional Commitment Lender shall, effective as of the applicable Anniversary Date, undertake a Commitment (and, if any such Additional Commitment Lender is already a Lender, its Commitment shall be in addition to such Lender s Commitment hereunder on such date). 
 (e) Minimum Extension Requirement . If (and only if) the total of the Commitments of the Lenders that have agreed so to extend their Maturity Date (each, an Extending Lender and the additional Commitments of the Additional Commitment Lenders shall be not less than 51 of the aggregate amount of the Commitments in effect immediately prior to the applicable Anniversary Date, then, effective as of such Anniversary Date, the Maturity Date of each extending Lender and of each Additional Commitment Lender shall be extended to the date falling one year after the Maturity Date 
 59 

then in effect (except that, if such date is not a Business Day, such Maturity Date as so extended shall be the next preceding Business Day) and each Additional Commitment Lender shall thereupon become a Lender for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 (f) Conditions to Effectiveness of Extensions . As a condition precedent to such extension, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the applicable Anniversary Date (in sufficient copies for each extending Lender and each Additional Commitment Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such extension and (ii) in the case of the Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such extension, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article III and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such Anniversary Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (other than any such representation and warranty that is already qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects), and except that for purposes of this Section 2.22, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (c) of Section 3.04 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 5.01, and (B) no Default exists. In addition, on the Maturity Date of each Non-Extending Lender, the Borrower shall prepay any Revolving Loans outstanding on such date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.16) to the extent necessary to keep outstanding Revolving Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages of the respective Lenders effective as of such date. 
 (g) Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.18 or 9.02 to the contrary. 
 
 60 

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 
 Each of the Borrower and the Company represents and warrants to the Lenders on the Effective Date and on each date thereafter as required hereunder that 
 SECTION 3.01 Organization Powers . Each of the Borrower, the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 
 SECTION 3.02 Authorization Enforceability . The Transactions to be entered into by each Loan Party are within such Loan Party s corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, stockholder action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of the Borrower and the Company and constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is to be a party, when executed and delivered by such Loan Party, will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, the Company or such Loan Party (as the case may be), enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 SECTION 3.03 Governmental Approvals No Conflicts . The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect or (ii) where the failure to obtain such consent or approval or make such registration or filing, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any material indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or their assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries (other than under the Existing Credit Agreement), and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries. 
 SECTION 3.04 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change . ix)The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2021, reported on by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended July 17, 2021, certified by one of its Financial Officers. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to 
 61 

customary year end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above. 
 
 (b) Except as disclosed in the financial statements referred to above or the notes thereto and except for the Disclosed Matters, none of the Borrower, the Company or the Subsidiaries has or will have, as of the Effective Date, any material contingent liabilities. 
 (c) Since January 2, 2021, there has been no material adverse change in the business, assets, operations or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
 
 SECTION 3.05 Properties . (a) Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to its business, except where failure to have such good title or valid leasehold interest would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (b) Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all its trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The use by each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of any of its trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 SECTION 3.06 Litigation and Environmental Matters . (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower or the Company, threatened in writing against or affecting the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or (ii) that involve any of the Loan Documents or the Transactions. 
 (b) Except for the Disclosed Matters and any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the only representations and warranties in this Agreement with respect to environmental matters will be those set forth in this clause (b). 

62 

(c) Since October 12, 2021, there has been no change in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in, or materially increased the likelihood of, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.07 Compliance with Laws and Agreements . (a) Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 (b) To the extent applicable, the Borrower and each Subsidiary is in compliance, in all material respects, with (i) the Trading with the Enemy Act and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, and (ii) the USA PATRIOT Act. None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of any Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower or the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, is currently subject to any United States sanctions administered by OFAC that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.08 Investment Company Status . None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 SECTION 1.03. Taxes . Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.10 ERISA . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than 1,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of such Plan, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than 1,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Plans. 
 SECTION 3.11 Disclosure . As of the date hereof, the Borrower and the Company have disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other 
 63 

restrictions to which the Borrower, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to any of them, that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Information Memorandum nor any of the other reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of either Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading when taken as a whole provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower and the Company represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time such projected financial information was provided (it being understood that such projected financial information relates to future events and is by its nature inherently uncertain and is not to be viewed as fact and no assurances are given that the results reflected in such projected financial information will be achieved and actual results may differ significantly and such differences may be material). 
 SECTION 3.12 Reserved . 
 SECTION 3.13 Affected Financial Institution . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 SECTION 3.14 Solvency . Immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Effective Date (including the making of each Loan made on such date), as of such date, (a) the fair value of the assets of each Loan Party, at a fair valuation, will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of each Loan Party will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of its debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured (c) each Loan Party will be able to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured and (d) each Loan Party will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted following such date. 
 SECTION 3.15 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Borrower has implemented and maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance in all material respects by the Borrower, the Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, the Subsidiaries and their respective directors and officers and to the knowledge of the Borrower and the Company their employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or to the knowledge of the Borrower, the Company or such Subsidiary any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower or the Company, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. The use of the proceeds of the Borrowings and the Letters of Credit will not violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 
 64 

ARTICLE IV Conditions 
 SECTION 4.01 Effective Date . The obligations of the Lenders to make Revolving Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02) 
 (a) the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto either a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement and (ii) from the Company and the Domestic Subsidiaries identified on Schedule 4.01 as Material Subsidiaries a counterpart of the Guarantee Agreement signed on behalf of the Company and such Material Subsidiaries or written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or electronic transmission of a signed signature page of the Guarantee Agreement) that the Company and such Material Subsidiaries have signed a counterpart of the Guarantee Agreement 
 (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received favorable written opinions (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of Smith Anderson, counsel for the Loan Parties, and Williams Mullen, Virginia local counsel for the Loan Parties, substantially in the form of Exhibits E-1 and E-2, respectively, and covering such other matters relating to the Loan Parties, the Loan Documents or the Transactions as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request and are customary for transactions of this type. The Borrower and, the Company hereby request such counsel to deliver such opinions 
 (c) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the secretary or an assistant secretary of each Loan Party certifying (i) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of each organizational document of such Loan Party certified (to the extent applicable) as of a recent date by the Secretary of State (or equivalent Governmental Authority) of the state or jurisdiction of its organization, and a certificate as to the good standing of such Loan Party (to the extent available) as of a recent date, from such Secretary of State, (ii) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions or written consent duly authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party and (iii) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer of such Loan Party executing any Loan Document 
 (d) the Administrative Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that (i) all commitments under the Existing Credit Agreement shall have been terminated, (ii) all loans and other amounts accrued and owing thereunder shall have been paid and (iii) all letters of credit outstanding thereunder shall have been terminated or shall on the Effective Date have become Existing Letters of Credit and by execution of this Agreement, and each of the Lenders that is a party to the Existing Credit Agreement 
 65 

hereby waives any requirement of prior notice under the Existing Credit Agreement in respect of such termination of Commitments and payments made under the Existing Credit Agreement on the Effective Date 
 (e) the Administrative Agent shall have received at least five Business Days prior to the Effective Date such documents and other information as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may reasonably request to satisfy the requirements of bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act 
 (f) the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arrangers and each Lender shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable by the Borrower on or prior to the Effective Date, to the extent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder and 
 (g) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by the President, a Vice President or a Financial Officer of the Borrower confirming the satisfaction of the conditions set forth clauses (a) and (b) of Section 4.02. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 8.04 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Effective Date specifying its objection thereto 
 SECTION 4.02 Each Revolving Credit Event . The obligations of the Lenders to make Revolving Loans on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of each Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, in each case on or after the Effective Date, are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (a) The representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than any such representation and warranty that is already qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, and after giving effect thereto, except for representations and warranties expressly made as of an earlier date, which shall be true and correct as of such earlier date. 
 (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 66 

(c) In the case of any such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall have received a duly executed Borrowing Request. 
 Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower and the Company on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section. 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, each of the Borrower and the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 5.01 Financial Statements and Other Information . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, the Borrower s audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Deloitte & Touche LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit or other material qualification or exception other than as a result of the pending maturity of the Revolving Loans and or any Borrower Debt Securities) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied 
 (b) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, the Borrower s consolidated balance sheets and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 (c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements (or within three Business Days after any deemed delivery) under clause (a) or (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or 
 67 

proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Sections 6.08 and 6.09 as of the end of the period covered by such financial statements, (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the Borrower s audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate and (iv) identifying any Material Subsidiary, or any Subsidiary which the Borrower has elected to be deemed as a Material Subsidiary, that has not satisfied the Guarantee Requirement 
 (d) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Borrower, the Company or any Subsidiary with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be 
 (e) promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower, the Company or any other Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request 
 (f) promptly upon the occurrence of any change of Rating by Moody s or S&P, a certificate of a Financial Officer setting forth the new Rating, the effective date thereof and, if applicable, notice of any change in the Applicable Rate as a result thereof and 
 (g) promptly after the request by any Lender, all documentation and other information that such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, any financial statements or other reports or filings required to be furnished by the Borrower pursuant to clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Section 5.01 shall be deemed to have been furnished if the Borrower has (i) filed the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission via the EDGAR filing system and the same are publicly available and (ii) delivered notice thereof to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 5.02 Notices of Material Events . Upon the Borrower or the Company obtaining knowledge thereof, the Borrower and the Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default 
 (b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower, the Company or any Affiliate thereof that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 68 

(c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding 30,000,000 and 
 (d) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower or the Company setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank materials and or information provided by or on behalf of such Loan Party hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to any of the Loan Parties or their respective Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. Each Loan Party hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Loan Parties shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their respective securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 9.12) (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. 
 SECTION 5.03 Existence Conduct of Business . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done (i) all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and (ii) the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names material to the conduct of its business except to the extent in the case of clause (ii) that the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03. 
 SECTION 5.04 Payment of Obligations . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, pay its Indebtedness and other obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is 
 69 

being contested in good faith (in the case of Tax liabilities or obligations to Government Authorities by appropriate proceedings), (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, (c) such contest effectively suspends collection of the contested obligation and the enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation and (d) the failure to make payment pending such contest would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.05 Maintenance of Properties . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except to the extent that the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.06 Insurance . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies adequate insurance for its insurable properties, all to such extent and against such risks, including fire, casualty and other risks insured against by extended coverage, as is customary with companies in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 
 SECTION 5.07 Books and Records Inspection and Audit Rights . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent), upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested provided that the Borrower shall be given the opportunity to be present at any discussion with its independent accountants. 
 SECTION 5.08 Compliance with Laws . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 1.05. Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit . (a) The proceeds of the Revolving Loans and the Swingline Loans will be used solely for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including to prepay all loans under the Existing Credit Agreement outstanding on the Effective Date. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations U and X. Letters of Credit will be issued only for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries. 
 (b) The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower will not use, and will procure that the Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents will not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or any Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or 
 70 

giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 SECTION 5.10 Guarantee Requirement . The Borrower will, and will cause each Domestic Subsidiary that is or becomes a guarantor of any other Indebtedness of the Borrower or the Company outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of 150,000,000 or more to, satisfy the Guarantee Requirement no more than 30 days after the date that such Subsidiary so guarantees such other Indebtedness. 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 6.01 Subsidiary Indebtedness . The Borrower will not permit any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness (including pursuant to any Guarantee of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary), except 
 (a) (i) Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date and set forth in Schedule 6.01 (the Existing Debt ), and (ii) any Indebtedness extending the maturity of, or refunding or refinancing, in whole or in part, the Existing Debt, provided that the principal amount of such Existing Debt shall not be increased above the principal amount thereof outstanding immediately prior to such extension, refunding or refinancing, and the direct and contingent obligors therefor shall not be changed, as a result of or in connection with such extension, refunding or refinancing, unless another exception under this Section 6.01 is then available for the incurring of such excess 
 (b) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary owing to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary 
 (c) Guarantees by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of any other Subsidiary provided that the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is permitted by this Section 
 (d) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets after the Closing Date, including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof or result in an earlier maturity date or decreased weighted average life thereof provided that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and (ii) the 
 71 

aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (d) and clause (e) below shall not exceed 150,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (e) Indebtedness of (i) any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the Closing Date pursuant to an acquisition to the extent that such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary and (ii) a Subsidiary to the extent that such Indebtedness is assumed in connection with an acquisition made by such Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of such acquisition provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e) and clause (d) above shall be subject to the limitations set forth in clause (ii) of the proviso at the end of clause (d) above 
 (f) other Indebtedness of the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed, together with Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02(a)(viii), 10 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets 
 (g) Guarantees by any Subsidiary of the Obligations 
 (h) Guarantees by any Subsidiary of obligations in respect of Borrower Debt Securities provided that such Subsidiary shall have also Guaranteed the Obligations pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement 
 (i) Indebtedness, if any, in respect of Securitization Transactions in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not exceeding 250,000,000 and 
 (j) Indebtedness in respect of Guarantees by any Subsidiary that is a party to the Guarantee Agreement of loans to and equipment leases and inventory purchases of independent customers in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices. 
 SECTION 6.02 Liens . (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except 
 (i) Liens created under the Loan Documents (if any) 
 (ii) Permitted Encumbrances 
 
 (iii) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the Closing Date and set forth in Schedule 6.02 provided that (x) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (y) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof 
 (iv) any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary after the Closing Date or 
 72 

existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the Closing Date prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary provided that (A) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (B) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (C) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as the case may be, and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof 
 (v) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary after the Closing Date provided that (A) such security interests secure Indebtedness incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof or result in an earlier maturity date or decreased weighted average life thereto (and, in the case of any such Indebtedness of a Subsidiary, is Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01), (B) such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (C) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost (including design, engineering, sales taxes, delivery, installation and other similar costs) of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and (D) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets (other than proceeds of the property and assets originally encumbered by such security interests) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary 
 (vi) Liens on Equity Interests of a SPE Subsidiary or accounts receivable and related assets arising in connection with any Securitization Transaction permitted by clause (i) of Section 6.01 
 (vii) Liens deemed to arise under sale and leaseback transactions and 
 (viii) other Liens securing Indebtedness or other monetary obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than Liens on inventory) provided that the sum of all Indebtedness and other monetary obligations at any time outstanding secured by Liens permitted by this clause (viii), shall not exceed, together with Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(f), 10 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 
 (b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Insurance Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it (other than Excluded Margin Stock), or assign or sell any income 
 73 

or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect thereof, except Permitted Encumbrances. 
 SECTION 6.03 Fundamental Changes . (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, or sell all or substantially all of its assets (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing (i) any Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving corporation, (ii) any Subsidiary (other than the Company) may merge into any other Subsidiary (other than the Company) in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Subsidiary, (iii) any Subsidiary (other than the Company) may sell all or substantially all of its assets to the Borrower or another Subsidiary, (iv) any Subsidiary (other than the Company) may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders, (v) any Subsidiary may merge with another entity to implement an acquisition and (vi) any Subsidiary may merge with another entity to implement a sale or other disposition of such Subsidiary otherwise permitted by this Agreement, provided that, after giving effect thereto, such Subsidiary shall no longer be a Subsidiary. 
 (b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, engage to any material extent in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on the Closing Date and businesses reasonably related or complementary thereto provided that the Borrower, directly or indirectly through a SPE Subsidiary, may engage in Securitization Transactions permitted by clause (i) of Section 6.01. 
 (c) The Borrower will not engage in any business or activity other than the ownership of all the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company and the Insurance Subsidiaries and activities incidental thereto, including the conduct of stock repurchase programs, administering payrolls for executive officers and other activities incidental to its existence as a publicly-owned holding company. The Borrower will not own or acquire any assets (other than (i) shares of capital stock of the Company and any Insurance Subsidiary, (ii) investments in the Company or any Insurance Subsidiary in the form of intercompany loans and promissory notes evidencing such loans, provided that any such loans in an amount in excess of 5,000,000 shall be unsecured and subordinated to the Obligations on terms and conditions customary for the subordination of intercompany Indebtedness and reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (iii) cash, (iv) promissory notes received from employees of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries evidencing loans made for the purpose of permitting such employees to purchase capital stock of the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding 5,000,000 at any time outstanding, and (v) and Permitted Investments) or incur any liabilities (other than liabilities under the Loan Documents, liabilities in respect of Borrower Debt Securities, liabilities imposed by law, including tax liabilities, a guarantee in respect of (i) that certain Amended and Restated Lease Agreement dated December 28, 2012 (as amended) between CQ Landlord (Multi) LLC, as the landlord, and General Parts Inc., Golden State Supply, LLC, Straus-Frank Enterprises LLC, General Parts 
 74 

Distribution LLC and Worldpac Inc., collectively, as the tenant and (ii) that certain Lease dated July 15, 2012 (as amended) between NIP OWNER II, LLC, as the landlord, and Advance Stores Company, Incorporated, as the tenant, and other liabilities incidental to its existence and permitted business and activities). The Borrower will not have any Subsidiaries other than the Insurance Subsidiaries, the Company and Subsidiaries of the Company (including SPC Subsidiaries). 
 SECTION 6.04 Reserved 
 SECTION 6.05 Swap Agreements . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any Swap Agreement, unless such Swap Agreement is entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of hedging or mitigating risks associated with actual exposure of such Person and such Swap Agreement is not for speculative purposes. 
 SECTION 6.06 Restrictive Agreements . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary (other than an Insurance Subsidiary) to , directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or (b) the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by any Loan Document, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the Closing Date identified on Schedule 6.06 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification materially expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary or any asset or property pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary, asset or property that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (v) the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases, licenses, or other contracts restricting subletting or the assignment thereof, (vi) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions in agreements pursuant to Securitization Transactions permitted by clause (i) of Section 6.01 provided that such restrictions and conditions apply solely to the applicable accounts receivable and related assets and any applicable SPE Subsidiary, (vii) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not prohibit customary negative pledge covenants in indentures or other agreements governing Borrower Debt Securities that allow the incurrence of Liens so long as such Liens equally and ratably secure such debt securities, provided that, without limiting any other exceptions to such covenant, any such covenant shall not prohibit, restrict or impose any condition (including any condition that such debt securities be equally and ratably secured) upon the ability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, other than an Insurance Subsidiary or SPE Subsidiary, to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon inventory, accounts receivable or the proceeds therefrom and (viii) clause (b) of the foregoing shall not apply to (A) restrictions and conditions imposed by any agreement relating to Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries permitted by this Agreement to 
 75 

the extent such restrictions and conditions imposed by such agreement relate to Indebtedness of the applicable Foreign Subsidiary and apply only to such Foreign Subsidiary, (B) applicable laws and regulations, judgments and orders and other legal requirements, agreements with non-U.S. governments with respect to assets or businesses located in their jurisdictions, or condemnation or eminent domain proceedings and (C) (1) customary restrictions imposed on the transfer of trademarked, copyrighted or patented materials or provisions in agreements relating to the foregoing that restrict the assignment of such agreements or any rights thereunder or (2) customary provisions restricting the assignment of contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business. 
 SECTION 6.07 Reserved . 
 SECTION 6.08 Leverage Ratio . The Borrower will not permit the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters to be in excess of 3.75 to 1.00 provided that, commencing on the latest closing date of the acquisitions completed during the Leverage Increase Testing Period (as defined below), such ratio shall be increased to 4.25 1.00 for four consecutive fiscal quarters following notice to the Administrative Agent of an acquisition or acquisitions whose aggregate consideration equals or exceeds 1,000,000,000 in the preceding period of up to 12 months (the Leverage Increase Testing Period ), which amount of aggregate consideration is calculated consistently and the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent such details with respect to such acquisitions as the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion shall request provided that the Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 3.75 for two consecutive fiscal quarters prior to the start of any subsequent Leverage Increase Testing Period. 
 SECTION 6.09 Consolidated Coverage Ratio . The Borrower will not permit the Consolidated Coverage Ratio for any period of four fiscal quarters to be less than 2.25 to 1.00. 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default 
 If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur 
 (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise 
 (b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five Business Days 
 (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in or in connection with any Loan Document or 
 76 

any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made 
 (d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a), 5.03 (with respect to the existence of the Borrower or the Company) or 5.09 or in Article VI 
 (e) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) 
 (f) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable 
 (g) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness 
 (h) subject to the last sentence of this Article VII, an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered 
 (i) subject to the last sentence of this Article VII, the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, 
 77 

(v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing 
 (j) subject to the last sentence of this Article VII, the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due 
 (k) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 75,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied or failed to acknowledge coverage) and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor (and such action is not effectively stayed) to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment 
 (l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (m) a Change in Control shall occur 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the occurrence of an event described in clauses (h), (i) or (j) above affecting any Subsidiary or Subsidiaries shall not constitute an Event of Default if all Subsidiaries affected thereby are Insignificant Subsidiaries. 
 78 

ARTICLE VIII 
 The Administrative Agent 
 
 SECTION 8.01 Appointment and Authority . Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 SECTION 8.02 Rights as a Lender . The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 SECTION 8.03 Exculpatory Provisions . The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent 
 (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under 
 79 

any debtor relief law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any debtor relief law and 
 (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 9.02 and Article VII) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or an Issuing Bank. 
 (e) The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 8.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally, by telephone or electronically and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such Issuing Bank prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 80 

SECTION 8.05 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 SECTION 8.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent . (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above, provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
 SECTION VI.02 If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, in consultation with the Borrower, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
 (a) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each Issuing Bank directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such 
 81 

successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 9.05 and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section) . The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 
 (b) Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as an Issuing Bank and as Swingline Lender. If Bank of America resigns as an Issuing Bank, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the Issuing Bank hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as Issuing Bank and all LC Exposure with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate ABR Loans or fund risk participations in unreimbursed LC Disbursements pursuant to Section 2.05(d). If Bank of America resigns as Swingline Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swingline Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swingline Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate ABR Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c). Upon the appointment by the Borrower of a successor Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, as applicable, (b) the retiring Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor Issuing Bank shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 SECTION 8.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender and each Issuing Bank expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent nor any Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent or any Arranger hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof, shall be 
 82 

deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or any Arranger to any Lender or any Issuing Bank as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties possession. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents to the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or Issuing Bank for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. 
 SECTION 8.08 No Other Duties, Etc . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Bookrunners, Arrangers, syndication agents or documentation agents listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Issuing Bank hereunder. 
 SECTION 8.09 Guaranty Matters . The Lenders and the Issuing Banks irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Subsidiary that is a party to the Guarantee Agreement from its obligations thereunder if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder. 
 Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release any Subsidiary that is a party to the Guarantee Agreement from its obligations thereunder pursuant to this Section 8.09. 
 83 

SECTION 8.10 ERISA Matters . (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, or this Agreement, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such 
 84 

Person became a Lender party hereto, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 As used in this Section the following terms have the meanings indicated 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 SECTION 8.11 Recovery of Erroneous Payments .. Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by any Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient Party in Same Day Funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 SECTION 8.12 Guaranty Matters . Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Subsidiary (other than the Company) from its obligations under the Guarantee Agreement if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents or if such Subsidiary ceases to be a guarantor of any other Indebtedness of the Borrower or the Company outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of 150,000,000 or more. 
 85 

Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release any Subsidiary (other than the Company) from its obligations under the Guarantee Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.12 . In each case as specified in this Section 8.12 , the Administrative Agent will, at the Borrower s expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to release such Subsidiary from its obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 8.12 . 
 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 9.01 Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower or the Company, to Advance Auto Parts, Inc. at 4200 Six Forks Rd., Raleigh, North Carolina 27609, Attention of Office of the General Counsel (Telecopy No. (540) 561-1448) 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, to Bank of America, N.A., Gateway Village -900 Building, 900 W. Trade Street, Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, Attention of Kelly Weaver (Telephone No. (980) 387-5452 Facsimile (704) 208-2871 E-Mail kelly.weaver bofa.com) 
 (iii) if to Bank of America, N.A., as Issuing Bank, to Bank of America, N.A. Trade Operations, 1 Fleet Way, Scranton, PA 18507, (Telephone No. (570) 496-9619 Facsimile (800) 755-8740 E-Mail tradeclientserviceteamus bofa.com), Attention of Michael Grizzanti (Telephone No. (570) 496-9621 Facsimile (800) 755-8743 E-Mail Michael.a.grizzanti bofa.com) 
 (iv) if to the Swingline Lender, to Bank of America, N.A., Gateway Village -900 Building, 900 W. Trade Street, Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, Attention of Gary J. Watts (Telephone No. (469) 201-8850 E-Mail gary.j.watts bofa.com) and 
 (v) if to any other Lender or Issuing Bank, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept 
 86 

notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) , if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (c) THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s, any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet. 
 (d) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt. 
 SECTION 9.02 Waivers Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of 
 87 

any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (b) Except as necessary in order to effect an increase in the Commitments in accordance with Section 2.20, neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except, in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or, in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, in each case with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase any Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon (other than a waiver of post-default additional interest as specified in Section 2.13(c)), or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) after the termination of the Commitments and acceleration of outstanding Loans in accordance with Article VII, amend Section 2.18(c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender or (vi) release the Company from its Guarantee under the Guarantee Agreement, or limit its liability in respect of such Guarantee, without the written consent of each Lender provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any provision of this Agreement may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by the Borrower, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent (and, if their rights or obligations are affected thereby, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender) if (i) by the terms of such agreement the Commitment of each Lender not consenting to the amendment provided for therein shall terminate upon the effectiveness of such amendment and (ii) at the time such amendment becomes effective, each Lender not consenting thereto receives payment in full of the principal of and interest accrued on each Loan made by it and all other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement. 
 88 

SECTION 9.03 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the Indemnitee s reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record), the performance by the parties to the Loan Documents of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by an Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property currently or formerly owned or operated by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or a third party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. 
 (c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such Lender s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed 
 89 

expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such. For purposes hereof, a Lender s pro rata share shall be determined based upon its share of the sum of the total Revolving Exposures and unused Commitments at the time. 
 (d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, neither the Borrower nor the Company shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against any of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, or any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 (e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 
 SECTION 9.04 Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of 
 (A) the Borrower, provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default referred to in clause (a), (b), (h), (i) or (j) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee, other than in each case (x) to the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (y) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (y) , or (z) to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of 
 90 

one or more natural Persons) provided further that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment and delegation unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days after having received notice thereof 
 (B) the Administrative Agent and 
 (C) each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate or Approved Fund of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents, provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default referred to in clause (a), (b), (h), (i) or (j) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 and 
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower, the Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 
 For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the term Approved Fund has the following meaning 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 91 

(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in the City of New York a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more Persons (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural Persons, a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. 
 92 

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce the Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. 
 (ii) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 or 2.17 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.17 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.17(f) as though it were a Lender. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPV ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any 
 93 

part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPV to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPV elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of a Loan by an SPV hereunder shall utilize the applicable Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPV shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPV, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPV any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 9.04, any SPV may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to the Granting Lender or to any financial institutions (consented to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) providing liquidity and or credit support to or for the account of such SPV to support the funding or maintenance of Loans and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPV. As this Section 9.04(e) applies to any particular SPV, this Section may not be amended without the written consent of such SPV. 
 SECTION 9.05 Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 SECTION 9.06 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a 
 94 

single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof, including the commitments of the Lenders and, if applicable, their Affiliates under the commitment letter in respect of the credit facilities set forth herein and any related commitment advices submitted by the Lenders (but do not supersede any other provisions of such commitment letter or any related fee letters that do not, by the terms of such documents, terminate upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, all of which provisions shall remain in full force and effect). Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 SECTION 9.07 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 9.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any of and all the obligations of such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. 
 SECTION 9.09 Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . (a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (b) Each of the Borrower and the Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank, or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the jurisdiction of such courts, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and 
 95 

each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against the Borrower, the Company or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 (c) Each of the Borrower and the Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 SECTION 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 SECTION 9.17 Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 SECTION 9.12 Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the 
 96 

extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the application, issuance, publishing and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section, (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or (iii) or is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto without utilizing any Information received from the Borrower or violating the terms of this Section. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. 
 For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12 FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT 
 97 

WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWER, THE LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 SECTION 9.13 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively, the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 SECTION 9.14 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 SECTION 9.15 Notices under Existing Credit Agreement . Each Lender party hereto, that is also a party to the Existing Credit Agreement, hereby consents and agrees that no prior notice shall be required under the Existing Credit Agreement with respect to the termination of commitments under the Existing Credit Agreement or prepayment of loans thereunder provided that notice thereof is given on the Effective Date. 
 SECTION 10.15 No Fiduciary Relationship . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding , that (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent , the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower , each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent , the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent , the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has 
 98 

not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower , any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) none of the Administrative Agent , the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks or any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower , any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and (iii) the Administrative Agent , the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent , the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks or any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower , any other Loan Party or their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent , the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 SECTION 9.17 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

99 

SECTION 9.18 Electronic Execution Electronic Records Counterparts . This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender, and each Lender (collectively, each a Credit Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank nor the Swingline Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank and or the Swingline Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and or any Credit Party without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature, and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Credit Party, any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. 
 Neither the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank nor the Swingline Lender shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s, such Issuing Bank s or the Swingline Lender s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 100 

Each of the Loan Parties and each Credit Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and (ii) any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Credit Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Credit Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 Signature pages intentionally omitted 
 101 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 aap_exhibit211x12x31x2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Company Name State or Sovereign Power of Incorporation Advance Stores Company, Incorporated Virginia Advance Trucking Corporation Virginia Western Auto Supply Company Delaware Western Auto of St. Thomas, Inc. Delaware Western Auto of Puerto Rico, Inc. Delaware Discount Auto Parts, LLC Virginia Advance Auto Innovations, LLC Virginia Advance Patriot, Inc. Delaware Autopart International, LLC Massachusetts Advance Auto Business Support, LLC Virginia E-Advance, LLC Virginia Crossroads Global Trading Corp. Virginia Advance e-Service Solutions, Inc. Virginia Driverside, Inc. Delaware Motologic, Inc. Delaware AAP Financial Services, Inc. Virginia B.W.P. Distributors, Inc. New York General Parts International, Inc. North Carolina General Parts, Inc. North Carolina Worldpac, Inc. Delaware Worldpac, Puerto Rico, LLC Delaware Worldpac, Canada, Inc. Canada Golden State Supply, LLC Nevada Worldwide Auto Parts, Inc. California Straus-Frank Enterprises, LLC Texas General Parts Distribution, LLC North Carolina GPI Technologies, LLC Delaware Carquest Canada LTD Canada Neuse River Insurance Company, Inc. Utah 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 4
 aap_exhibit221x12312022.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

Exhibit 22.1 
 
 List of the Issuer and its Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following subsidiaries of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (the Issuer guarantee the 1.750 senior unsecured notes due October 1, 2027 (the 2027 Notes ), the 3.90 senior unsecured notes due April 15, 2030 (the 2030 Notes and 3.50 senior unsecured notes due March 15, 2032 (the 2032 Notes ), each issued by the Issuer 
 
 Entity Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 2027 Notes 2030 Notes 2032 Notes Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Delaware Issuer Issuer Issuer Advance Stores Company, Incorporated Virginia Guarantor Guarantor Guarantor 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 aap_exhibit231x12x31x2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-248963 on Form S-3, Post-Effective Amendment on Registration Statement Nos. 333-196240 and 333-115772 on Form S-8, and Registration Statement Nos. 333-155449 and 333-89154 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 aap_exhibit311x12312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Thomas R. Greco, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 28, 2023 

s Thomas R. Greco Thomas R. Greco President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 aap_exhibit312x12312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jeffrey W. Shepherd, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 28, 2023 

s Jeffrey W. Shepherd Jeffrey W. Shepherd Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 aap_exhibit321x12312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Thomas R. Greco, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the accompanying report on Form 10-K. A signed original of this statement has been provided to Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and will be retained by Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date February 28, 2023 By s Thomas R. Greco Name Thomas R. Greco Title President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 

I, Jeffrey W. Shepherd, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the accompanying report on Form 10-K. A signed original of this statement has been provided to Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and will be retained by Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date February 28, 2023 By s Jeffrey W. Shepherd Name Jeffrey W. Shepherd Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 aap-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 aap-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 aap-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 aap-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 aap-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

