<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1679688_0001679688-23-000017.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>30655533</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1000702</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3887962</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11696662</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7063864</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6432802</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001679688-23-000017.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227163440
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001679688-23-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		146
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DigitalBridge Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001679688
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				464591526
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37980
		FILM NUMBER:		23675546

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		750 PARK OF COMMERCE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-544-7475

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		750 PARK OF COMMERCE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Colony Capital, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180621

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Colony NorthStar, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160714

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001679688-23-000017.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 dbrg-20221231.htm
 10-K

dbrg-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, Including Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately billion. As of February 21, 2023, shares of the Registrant's class A common stock and shares of class B common stock were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Form 10-K 
 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 8 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 
 Item 2. Properties 
 37 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 41 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 65 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 66 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 66 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 67 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 69 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 69 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 70 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 70 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 70 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 70 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 70 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 F-1 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Exhibit Index 
 Signatures 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Some of the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Annual Report") constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and we intend such statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions contained therein. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, or potential or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report reflect our current views about future events and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances that may cause our actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: 
 our ability to grow our business by raising capital for our funds and the companies that we manage; 
 our position as an owner, operator and investment manager of digital infrastructure and our ability to manage any related conflicts of interest; 
 adverse changes in general economic and political conditions, including those resulting from supply chain difficulties, inflation, interest rate increases, a potential economic slowdown or a recession; 
 our exposure to business risks in Europe, Asia and other foreign markets; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain financing arrangements, including securitizations, on favorable or comparable terms or at all; 
 the ability of our managed companies to attract and retain key customers and to provide reliable services without disruption; 
 the reliance of our managed companies on third-party suppliers for power, network connectivity and certain other services; 
 our ability to increase assets under management ("AUM") and expand our existing and new investment strategies; 
 our ability to integrate and maintain consistent standards and controls, including our ability to manage our acquisitions in the digital infrastructure and investment management industries effectively; 
 our business and investment strategy, including the ability of the businesses in which we have significant investments to execute their business strategies; 
 performance of our investments relative to our expectations and the impact on our actual return on invested equity, as well as the cash provided by these investments and available for distribution; 
 our ability to deploy capital into new investments consistent with our investment management strategies; 
 the availability of, and competition for, attractive investment opportunities and the earnings profile of such new investments; 
 our ability to achieve any of the anticipated benefits of certain joint ventures, including any ability for such ventures to create and/or distribute new investment products; 
 our expected hold period for our assets and the impact of any changes in our expectations on the carrying value of such assets; 
 the general volatility of the securities markets in which we participate; 
 the market value of our assets; 
 interest rate mismatches between our assets and any borrowings used to fund such assets; 

Table of Contents 

effects of hedging instruments on our assets; 
 the impact of economic conditions on third parties on which we rely; 
 the impact of any security incident or deficiency affecting our systems or network or the system and network of any of our managed companies or service providers; 
 any litigation and contractual claims against us and our affiliates, including potential settlement and litigation of such claims; 
 our levels of leverage; 
 the impact of legislative, regulatory and competitive changes, including those related to privacy and data protection; 
 the impact of our transition from a real estate investment trust ("REIT") to a taxable C corporation for tax purposes, and the related liability for corporate and other taxes; 
 whether we will be able to utilize existing tax attributes to offset taxable income to the extent contemplated; 
 our ability to maintain our exemption from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act 
 changes in our board of directors or management team, and availability of qualified personnel; 
 our ability to make or maintain distributions to our stockholders; and 
 our understanding of and ability to successfully navigate the competitive landscape in which we and our managed companies operate. 
 While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, assumptions and expectations, they are not guarantees of future performance. Furthermore, we disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, of new information, data or methods, future events or other changes. Moreover, because we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, new risk factors are likely to emerge from time to time. We caution investors not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and urge you to carefully review the disclosures we make concerning risks in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" and in Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report. Readers of this Annual Report should also read our other periodic filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and other publicly filed documents for further discussion regarding such factors. 
 
 RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully in Item 1A. Risk Factors. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We require capital in order to continue to operate and grow our business, and the failure to obtain such capital, either through the public or private markets or other third-party sources of capital, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to maintain our distributions to our stockholders. 
 Adverse changes in general economic and political conditions could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We invest in a wide array of asset classes within the digital infrastructure industry; however, we may not successfully implement this strategy or ultimately realize any of the anticipated benefits of diversification. 
 We face possible risks associated with natural disasters, wildfires, weather events, and the physical effects and other impacts of climate change. 
 The investment management business is intensely competitive. 
 Poor performance of our current and future managed investment vehicles could cause a decline in our revenue, income and cash flow. 

Table of Contents 

Investors in our current or future managed investment vehicles may negotiate terms that are less favorable to us than those of investment vehicles we currently manage, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The organization and management of our current and future investment vehicles may create conflicts of interest. 
 Any failure of our physical infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could harm our business reputation and could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. 
 The digital infrastructure industry is highly competitive and such competition may materially and adversely affect our performance and ability to execute our strategy. 
 We do not directly control the operations of certain of our digital infrastructure assets and are therefore dependent on portfolio company management teams to successfully operate their businesses. 
 The performance of our digital infrastructure assets depends upon the demand for such assets. 
 The infrastructure of the data centers that we own may become obsolete, which could materially and adversely impact our revenue and operations. 
 Digital infrastructure investments are subject to substantial government regulation. 
 Risks Related to our Organizational Structure and Business Operations 
 We depend on our key personnel, and the loss of their services or the loss of investor confidence in such personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our position as an owner, operator and investment manager of digital infrastructure assets and change in strategy to focus on investment management may adversely impact our stock price. 
 There may be conflicts of interest between us and our Chief Executive Officer, our President and certain other senior Digital Bridge Holdings, LLC DBH employees that could result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 The occurrence of a security incident or a deficiency in our cybersecurity has the potential to disrupt our operations, cause material harm to our financial condition, result in misappropriation of assets, compromise confidential information and/or damage our business relationships. 
 Risks Related to Financing 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to meet all of our existing or potential future debt service obligations. 
 Our use of leverage to finance our businesses exposes us to substantial risks. 
 Changes in the debt financing markets or higher interest rates could negatively impact the value of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access the capital markets on attractive terms, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities, lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income. 
 The changes to the reference rate used in our existing floating rate debt instruments and hedging arrangements are uncertain and may adversely affect interest rates on our current or future indebtedness and could hinder our ability to maintain effective hedges, potentially resulting in adverse impacts to our business operations and financial results. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 The market price of our class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and holders of our class A common stock could lose all or a significant portion of their investment due to drops in the market price of our class A common stock. 
 We may issue additional equity securities, which may dilute your interest in us. 
 Regulatory Risks 
 Extensive regulation in the United States and abroad affects our activities, increases the cost of doing business and creates the potential for significant liabilities and that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Table of Contents 

Privacy and data protection regulations are complex and rapidly evolving areas. Any failure or alleged failure to comply with these laws could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Risks Related to Taxation 
 Our obligations to pay income taxes will increase since the Company no longer qualifies as a REIT, effective January 1, 2022. 
 We are no longer subject to the REIT distribution requirements, and as such we are not required to make annual distributions of our taxable income to our stockholders. 
 We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of becoming a taxable C Corporation, and our ability to use capital loss and net operating loss NOL carryforwards to reduce future tax 
 payments may be limited. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 In this Annual Report, unless specifically stated otherwise or the context indicates otherwise, the terms " the "Company," "DBRG," "we," "our" and "us" refer to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to the Operating Company and the OP refer to DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the operating company of the Company, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Our Organization 
 We are a leading global digital infrastructure investment manager, deploying and managing capital across the digital ecosystem, including data centers, cell towers, fiber networks, small cells, and edge infrastructure. Our diverse global investor base includes public and private pensions, sovereign wealth funds, asset managers, insurance companies, and endowments. At December 31, 2022, we had 53 billion of AUM, composed of assets managed on behalf of our limited partners and our shareholders. 
 We are headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida, with key offices in New York, Los Angeles, London, Luxembourg and Singapore, and have approximately 300 employees. 
 We conduct substantially all of our activities and hold substantially all of our assets and liabilities through our Operating Company. At December 31, 2022, we owned 93 of the Operating Company as its sole managing member. 
 Our Business 
 The Company conducts its business through two reportable segments: (i) Investment Management (formerly, Digital Investment Management); and (ii) Operating (formerly, Digital Operating), the Company's direct co-investment in digital infrastructure assets held by its portfolio companies. 
 Investment Management This segment represents the Company's global investment management platform, deploying and managing capital on behalf of a diverse base of global institutional investors. The Company's investment management platform is composed of a growing number of long-duration, private investment funds designed to provide institutional investors access to investments across different segments of the digital infrastructure ecosystem. In addition to its flagship value-add digital infrastructure equity offerings, the Company's investment offerings have expanded to include core equity, credit and liquid securities. The Company earns management fees based upon the assets or capital managed in investment vehicles, and may earn incentive fees and carried interest based upon the performance of such investment vehicles, subject to achievement of minimum return hurdles. 
 Operating This segment is composed of balance sheet equity interests in digital infrastructure and real estate operating companies, which generally earn rental income from providing use of digital asset space and/or capacity through leases, services and other agreements. The Company currently owns interests in two companies: DataBank, an edge colocation data center business (DBRG ownership of 11 at December 31, 2022 and 20 at December 31, 2021); and Vantage SDC, a stabilized hyperscale data center business (DBRG ownership of 13 at December 31, 2022 and 2021). DataBank and Vantage SDC are portfolio companies managed by the Company under its Investment Management segment with respect to equity interests owned by third party capital. 
 The Company's current business and operations reflect the completion in February 2022 of its transformation from a REIT and investment manager of a diversified real estate portfolio into an investment manager focused primarily on digital infrastructure. 
 Our Investment Management Platform 
 Our investment management platform is anchored by our value-add funds within the DigitalBridge Partners ("DBP") infrastructure equity offerings. In providing institutional investors access to investments across different segments of the digital infrastructure ecosystem, our investment offerings have expanded to include core equity, credit and liquid securities. 
 Our DBP series of funds focus on value-add digital infrastructure, investing in and building businesses across the digital infrastructure sector. 

Table of Contents 

Core Equity invests in digital infrastructure businesses and assets with long-duration cash flow profiles, primarily in more developed geographies. 
 DigitalBridge Credit is our private credit strategy that delivers credit solutions to corporate borrowers in the digital infrastructure sector globally through credit financing products such as first and second lien term loans, mezzanine debt, preferred equity and construction/delay-draw loans, among other products. 
 Our Liquid Strategies are fundamental long-only and long-short public equities strategies with well-defined mandates, leveraging the network and intellectual capital of the DBRG platform to build liquid portfolios of high quality, undervalued businesses across digital infrastructure, real estate, and technology, media, and telecom. 
 InfraBridge, the newest addition to our platform, is focused on mid-market investments in the digital infrastructure and related sectors of transportation and logistics, and energy transition. InfraBridge operates as a separate division within DBRG following our acquisition of the global infrastructure equity investment management business of AMP Capital in February 2023. The acquisition of InfraBridge added 9 billion of AUM to our investment management platform. 
 Our Fund Investment Strategy 
 As a leading digital infrastructure investment manager, we deploy a unique investment strategy which gives investors exposure to a portfolio of growing, resilient businesses enabling the next generation of mobile and internet connectivity. We invest in digital infrastructure and real estate assets in which we believe we have a competitive advantage with our experience and track record of value creation in this sector, and which possess a durable cash flow profile with compelling secular growth characteristics driven by key themes such as 5G, artificial intelligence and cloud-based applications. We believe our deep understanding of the digital infrastructure ecosystem, together with our extensive experience running mission-critical network infrastructure for some of the world's largest and most-profitable companies in this sector, will provide us with a significant advantage in identifying and executing on attractive and differentiated investment opportunities through various economic cycles. 
 We believe we can achieve our business objective of delivering attractive risk-adjusted returns through our rigorous underwriting and asset management processes, which benefit from our deep operational and investment experience in digital infrastructure, having invested in and run digital infrastructure businesses through multiple economic cycles. These processes allow us to implement a flexible yet disciplined investment strategy for the funds we manage and for our balance sheet. Core strengths and principles of our investment strategy include: 
 People Established operators, investors and thought leaders with over two decades of experience in investing and operating across the full spectrum of digital infrastructure, including towers, data centers, fiber, small cells, and edge infrastructure. 
 Best-in-Class Assets Own mission-critical and hard-to-replicate network infrastructure supporting many of the largest and most-profitable digital infrastructure companies in the world and typically with very high renewal rates and pricing. We have successfully constructed a portfolio of best-in-class assets within our investment management business across all components of the digital ecosystem to drive significant synergies. 
 Operational Expertise This drives performance and alpha creation: 
 Direct Operating Expertise Our substantial operating history and experience have contributed to long-standing relationships and partnerships with leading global carriers, content providers and hyperscale cloud companies, which are some of the main customers of digital infrastructure. 
 Differentiated Mergers and Acquisitions Program We have numerous industry relationships that have been developed by our senior investment team over decades which generate opportunities for proprietary deal flow (from both traditional digital infrastructure companies and our global network of customers) and typically minimize participation in certain competitive auctions. Additionally, DBRG s senior investment team has experience originating, executing and integrating accretive acquisitions into existing platform investments, as well as creating strategic partnerships with carriers, utilities, broadcasters and real estate owners, many of which have been sourced on a proprietary basis. 
 Dynamic Portfolio Company Balance Sheet Management We have substantial institutional relationships with leading international banks and bond investors. Certain of DBRG s senior investment team members were among the first to engage in the securitization of digital infrastructure assets and are experienced issuers in the market. We believe that these structures generally allow for higher leverage, lower interest cost, fixed rates, longer term maturities and more favorable amortization as compared to general secured/unsecured or subordinated debt instruments more commonly employed, and because there are fewer debt covenants, there is an added margin of safety to the portfolio company's balance sheet. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Products Provide flexible and creative solutions across the capital structure to digital real estate and infrastructure companies around the world 
 Prudent Leverage Structuring transactions with the appropriate amount of leverage, if any, based on the risk, duration and structure of cash flows of the underlying asset 
 Our investment strategy is dynamic and flexible, which enables us to adapt to global shifts in economic, real estate and capital market conditions and to exploit any inefficiencies therein. Consistent with this strategy, in order to capitalize on investment opportunities that may be present in various points of an economic cycle, we may expand or change our investment strategy and/or target assets over time as appropriate. 
 Assessing and managing risk is a significant component of our investment strategy. In applying our risk management framework, we leverage our institutional knowledge in the digital infrastructure sector across both our equity and credit platforms. 
 Underwriting and Investment Process 
 In connection with the execution of any new investment on behalf of our funds, our underwriting team undertakes a comprehensive and disciplined due diligence process to seek an understanding of the material risks involved with making such investment, in addition to related legal, financial and business considerations. If the risks can be sufficiently mitigated in relation to the potential return, we will typically pursue the investment on behalf of our funds, subject to approval from the investment committee of the fund, composed of senior executives of DBRG. 
 Critical areas in our evaluation of investment opportunities are the quality of the target company's assets and credit quality of its customers. Our focus on a target company's asset quality centers around location, replacement cost, speed and ability to replicate an asset, competition in the market and cost of churn or customer switching. In terms of a target company's customer profile, in addition to credit ratings, the size of a customer's balance sheet and capitalization, and the structure and duration of customer contracts are key indicators in our evaluation. Additionally, another fundamental tenet in our investment process is the structuring of our debt investments for downside protection. Our structuring considerations focus on the seniority of our debt product within the borrower's capital structure, quality of the underlying security, adequacy of financial covenants and other affirmative and/or negative covenants, among other factors. 
 In addition to evaluating the merits of any particular proposed investment, we evaluate the diversification of our fund s portfolio of assets. Prior to making a final investment decision, we determine whether a target asset will cause the portfolio of assets to be too heavily concentrated with, or cause too much risk exposure to, any one sector, geographic region, source of cash flow such as customers or borrowers, or other geopolitical issues. If we determine that a proposed investment presents excessive concentration risk, we may decide not to pursue an otherwise attractive investment. 
 Portfolio Management 
 Our comprehensive portfolio management process revolves around active management of our portfolio companies and active monitoring of our credit investments early in the process. These activities include, but are not limited to, focusing on improving operational efficiency and seeking to minimize the cost of capital at our portfolio companies. We also capitalize on DBRG's experience and relationships in the digital infrastructure industry to both access opportunities for growth and address improvements or weaknesses identified at our portfolio companies. With respect to our credit investments, we maintain regular dialogue with our corporate borrowers and perform reviews (at least quarterly or more frequently) to assess investment and borrower credit ratings and financial performance, which enable us to consistently monitor risk of loss, and evaluate and maximize recoveries. Our active involvement allows us to proactively manage our investment risk, and identify issues and trends on a portfolio-wide basis across our portfolio companies and corporate borrowers. 
 Allocation Procedures 
 In order to address the risk of potential conflicts of interest among our managed investment vehicles, we have implemented an investment allocation policy consistent with our duty as a registered investment adviser to treat our managed investment vehicles fairly and equitably over time. Our policy provides that investment allocation decisions are to be based on a suitability assessment involving a review of numerous factors, including the investment objectives for a particular source of capital, available cash, diversification/concentration, leverage policy, the size of the investment, tax factors, anticipated pipeline of suitable investments, fund life and existing contractual obligations such as first-look rights and non-compete covenants. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Managing Our Funds 
 We generally manage third party capital through our sponsorship of limited partnerships that are structured primarily as closed-end funds. Acting as general partner and investment adviser of the fund, we have the authority and discretion to manage and operate the business and affairs of the fund, and are responsible for all investment decisions on behalf of the limited partner investors of the fund. We also manage co-investment vehicles in which investors co-invest with our funds in portfolio companies or other fund assets. With respect to our Liquid Strategies, our investment management activities are conducted through open-end fund structures and sub-advisory accounts with defined mandates. 
 As investment adviser, we earn management fees and incentive fees, and as general partner or equivalent, we may be entitled to carried interest. 
 Management Fees Management fees are calculated generally at contractual rates ranging from 0.2 per annum to 1.5 per annum of investors' committed capital during the commitment period of the vehicle, and thereafter, contributed or invested capital; or based upon net asset value for vehicles in the Liquid Strategies. 
 Incentive Fees We earn incentive fees from sub-advisory accounts in our Liquid Strategies. Incentive fees are performance-based, measured either annually or over a shorter period. Generally, incentive fees are recognized at the end of the performance measurement period when the fees are not likely to be subject to reversal. 
 Carried Interest Carried interest represents a disproportionate allocation of returns to us as general partner based upon the extent to which cumulative performance of a sponsored fund exceeds minimum return hurdles. Carried interest generally arises when appreciation in value of the underlying investments of the fund exceeds the minimum return hurdles, after factoring in a return of invested capital and a return of certain costs of the fund pursuant to terms of the governing documents of the fund. The amount of carried interest recognized is based upon the cumulative performance of the fund if it were liquidated as of the reporting date. Unrealized carried interest is driven by changes in fair value of the underlying investments of the fund, which could be affected by various factors, including but not limited to the financial performance of the portfolio company, economic conditions, foreign exchange rates, comparable transactions in the market, and equity prices for publicly traded securities. Unrealized carried interest may be subject to reversal until such time it is realized. Realization of carried interest occurs upon disposition of all underlying investments of the fund, or in part with each disposition. 
 Generally, carried interest is distributed upon profitable disposition of an investment if at the time of distribution, cumulative returns of the fund exceed minimum return hurdles. Depending on the final realized value of all investments at the end of the life of a fund (and, with respect to certain funds, periodically during the life of the fund), if it is determined that cumulative carried interest distributions have exceeded the final carried interest amount earned (or amount earned as of the calculation date), we are obligated to return the excess carried interest received. Therefore, carried interest distributions may be subject to clawback if decline in investment values results in cumulative performance of the fund falling below minimum return hurdles in the interim period. If it is determined that the Company has a clawback obligation, a liability would be established based upon a hypothetical liquidation of the net assets of the fund at reporting date. The actual determination and required payment of any clawback obligation would generally occur after final disposition of the investments of the fund or otherwise as set forth in the governing documents of the fund. 
 Allocation of Incentive Fees and Carried Interest A portion of incentive fees and carried interest earned by us are allocable to senior management, investment professionals, and certain other employees, and are generally not paid to the recipients until the related incentive fees and carried interest amounts are distributed by the funds to us. If the related carried interest distributions received by us are subject to clawback, the previously distributed carried interest would be similarly subject to clawback from the recipients. We generally withhold a portion of the distribution of carried interest to satisfy the recipients' potential clawback obligation. 
 Our Fund Capital Investments 
 As general partner, we have minimum capital commitments to our sponsored funds. With respect to our flagship DBP value-add funds, we have made additional capital commitments to DigitalBridge Partners, LP ("DBP I") and DigitalBridge Partners II, LP ("DBP II") as a general partner affiliate alongside our limited partner investors. Our capital commitments are funded with cash and not through deferral of management fees or carried interest. Our fund capital investments further align our interests to our investors. 
 Competition 
 As an investment manager, we primarily compete for capital from outside investors and in our pursuit and execution of investment opportunities on behalf of our investment funds. We face competition in capital formation and in acquiring investments in portfolio companies at attractive prices. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

The ability to source capital from outside investors will depend upon our reputation, investment track record, pricing and terms of our investment management services, and market environment for capital raising, among other factors. We compete with other investment managers focused on or active in digital real estate and infrastructure including other private equity sponsors, credit and hedge fund sponsors and REITs, who may have greater financial resources, longer track records, more established relationships and more attractive fees and other fund terms. 
 The ability to transact on attractive investments will depend upon our reputation and track record on execution, capital availability, cost of capital, pricing, tolerance for risk, and number of potential buyers, among other factors. We face competition from a variety of institutional investors, including investment managers of private equity and infrastructure, credit and hedge funds, REITs, specialty finance companies, commercial and investment banks, commercial finance and insurance companies, and other financial institutions. Some of these competitors may have greater financial resources, access to lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that may not be available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments, or pay higher prices. 
 In our Operating segment, we compete with numerous data center providers who own and/or operate hyperscale or colocation data centers in similar metropolitan areas. Our competitors may have pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers, ownership and/or operation of larger portfolios of data centers that are geographically diversified, access to less expensive power, and more robust interconnected hubs in certain geographic areas. Competition may result in pricing pressures or may require us to incur additional costs that we otherwise might not choose to incur in order to upgrade our data center space, all of which may adversely affect the profitability of our data centers. Additionally, certain large enterprises may choose to build and operate their own data centers and cease to be our customers, or otherwise reduce the pool of potential customers in the market. 
 We also face competition in the recruitment and retention of qualified and skilled personnel. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in our business will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees. 
 An increase in competition across the various components of our business may limit our ability to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders, thereby adversely affecting the market price of our common stock. 
 Customers 
 Our Investment Management segment has over 100 institutional investors that form our diverse, global investor base, including but not limited to: public and private pensions, sovereign wealth funds, asset managers, insurance companies, and endowments. 
 In our Operating segment, our data centers are leased to approximately 2,900 customers, with the largest customers in the information technology and communications sectors. In 2022, property operating income from a single customer accounted for approximately 18 of the Company's total revenues from continuing operations, or approximately 8 of the Company's share of total revenues from continuing operations, net of noncontrolling interests. 
 Seasonality 
 We generally do not experience pronounced seasonality in our Investment Management and Operating segments. 
 Transition to Taxable C Corporation 
 Following a completion of the Company's business transformation in the first quarter of 2022 and due to the pace of growth of its investment management business and other strategic transactions that it may pursue, the Company s Board of Directors and management agreed to discontinue actions necessary to maintain qualification as a REIT for 2022. Commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2022, all of the Company s taxable income, except for income generated by subsidiaries that have elected or anticipate electing REIT status, is subject to U.S. federal and state income tax at the applicable corporate tax rate. Dividends paid to stockholders are no longer tax deductible. The Company is also no longer subject to the REIT requirement for distributions to stockholders when the Company has taxable income. 
 The Company anticipates that operating as a taxable C Corporation will provide the Company with flexibility to execute various strategic initiatives without the constraints of complying with REIT requirements. This includes retaining and reinvesting earnings in other new initiatives in the investment management business. 
 The Company s transition to a taxable C Corporation is not expected to result in significant incremental current income tax expense in the near term due to the availability of significant capital loss and NOL carryforwards. Furthermore, earnings from the Company's investment management business, which is conducted through its previously designated taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS"), were already subject to U.S. federal and state income tax. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Regulations 
 Investment Company Act of 1940 
 An issuer will generally be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder if: it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities; or, absent an applicable exemption or exception, it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis (the "40 test"). 
 We do not propose to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We hold ourselves out as an investment management firm engaged primarily in deploying and managing capital in digital infrastructure assets, and we believe that we are not an investment company under the 40 test. We also believe that the nature of our assets and the sources of our income allow us to qualify for the exception from the 40 test provided by Rule 3a-1 under the Investment Company Act. In addition, we believe that we are excepted from the definition of investment company pursuant to section 3(b)(1) of the 1940 Act because we are primarily engaged in a non-investment company business. Certain of our subsidiaries rely on exemptions under section 3(c)(5)(C) and 3(c)(6) of the 1940 Act for companies engaged primarily in investing in real estate and real-estate assets or for holding companies of companies engaged in such activities. In addition, many of our wholly owned subsidiaries rely on the exemption under section 3(c)(7) because all of their outstanding securities are owned by other subsidiaries of ours that are not investment companies. 
 We view the capital interests we hold in investment vehicles that we also manage not to be investment securities as defined under the 1940 Act for purposes of the 40 test, regardless of whether these interests are general partner interests or limited partner interests, or the equivalent of either in other forms of organization. Many of our investments in entities that own digital infrastructure assets consist of limited partner or similar interests owned by our subsidiaries in entities that they or other subsidiaries manage as general partner or managing member. The courts and the SEC staff have provided little guidance regarding the characterization for purposes of the 1940 Act of a limited partner interest or its equivalent in circumstances such as ours, but we believe, based on our understanding of applicable legal principles, that limited partner and equivalent interests do not constitute investment securities in this context. Our determination that we are not an investment company under the 40 test is in part based upon the characterization of our limited partner or similar interests in entities that we control as general partner or managing member as not being investment securities. We can provide no assurance that a court would agree with our analysis under the 40 test if it were to be challenged by the SEC or a contractual counterparty. 
 The 1940 Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed requirements for the organization and operations of investment companies. Among other things, the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder impose substantial regulation with respect to the capital structure (including the ability to use leverage), management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), portfolio composition, including restrictions with respect to diversification and industry concentration, and other matters with respect to entities deemed to be investment companies. We intend to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act. If the assets that we or our subsidiaries own fail to satisfy the 40 limitation (or for certain subsidiaries, other exemptions or exceptions) and we do not qualify for an exception or exemption from the 1940 Act under Rule 3a-1 or otherwise, we or our subsidiaries may be required to, among other things: (i) substantially change the manner in which we conduct our operations or the assets that we own to avoid being required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act; or (ii) register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. Either of (i) or (ii) could have an adverse effect on us and the market price of our securities. 
 Regulation under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 
 We have subsidiaries that are registered with the "SEC" as investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Advisers Act"). As a result, we are subject to the anti-fraud provisions of the Investment Advisers Act and to applicable fiduciary duties derived from these provisions that apply to our relationships with the investment vehicles that we manage. These provisions and duties impose restrictions and obligations on us with respect to our dealings with our investors and our investments, including, for example, restrictions on agency, cross and principal transactions, and transactions with affiliated service providers. We, or our registered investment adviser subsidiaries, will be subject to periodic SEC examinations and other requirements under the Investment Advisers Act and related regulations primarily intended to benefit advisory clients. These additional requirements relate, among other things, to maintaining an effective and comprehensive compliance program, recordkeeping and reporting requirements and disclosure requirements. Examinations of private fund advisers have resulted in a range of actions, including deficiency letters and, where appropriate, referrals to the Division of Enforcement. The Investment Advisers Act generally 
 13 

Table of Contents 

grants the SEC broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict an investment adviser from conducting advisory activities in the event it fails to comply with federal securities laws. Additional sanctions that may be imposed for failure to comply with applicable requirements include the prohibition of individuals from associating with an investment adviser, the revocation of registrations and other censures and fines. We expect continued focus by the SEC on private fund advisers and a continuing high level of SEC enforcement activity under the current administration. 
 For additional information regarding regulations applicable to the Company, refer to Item 1A. "Risk Factors. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 We believe that our people are our most important asset. We are focused on fostering a diverse workforce with different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds to encourage innovative and creative ideas, and ultimately lead to our collective success. 
 We have approximately 300 employees, of which approximately 67 are in the U.S. with the remaining in our international locations. Other than our international employees, none of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We have established a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Steering Committee, which meets quarterly to establish and monitor progress on our hiring and retention goals related to diversity. Since 2021, the Steering Committee has led a series of diversity, equity and inclusion trainings for our employees to support our approach. 
 We recognize that a diverse investment team enhances our ability to source, evaluate and manage a differentiated set of investment opportunities within the digital infrastructure sector. We also support our portfolio company management teams, many of whom come from underrepresented groups, to create and/or augment existing diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. We have created a four-pillar program to facilitate the composition of a diverse workforce reflective of the constituencies and communities we serve, which focuses on the following: 
 Mentorships: We have partnered with Big Brothers Big Sisters in New York (BBBS) to implement a program that enables employees to work with high school students from the tenth grade through high school graduation. The program launched in our New York office with students from the Uncommon Charter High School, and we are exploring extending the program to our other offices. In addition, the Company has formed a partnership with The Armory Foundation, to, among other things, assist with the Armory College Prep program for underprivileged students in Washington Heights. 
 Internships: We have developed an internship program to help build a talent pipeline of candidates from underrepresented groups for investment professional positions, committing to hiring at least 50 candidates from underrepresented groups, including through organizations such as Seizing Every Opportunity (SEO), Toigo, and One Search Young Women in Finance (UK) and Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs), such as Florida A M University (FAMU). In 2022, we had 25 interns participate in our internship program. 
 Recruiting/Hiring: A particular focus of the Company recently has been to improve the gender and ethnic diversity of our investment team. In 2022, 45 of our hires were female and 62 of hires were from a traditionally underrepresented ethnic group. We have continued to expand the diversity of the pool of candidates that we recruit from, and, as a result of these concerted efforts, increased the number of employees from traditionally underrepresented groups across our organization by 11.5 between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 
 Career Path/Compensation : We believe that cultivating diversity at more junior levels within our organization, coupled with ensuring our employees have opportunities to excel and grow in their careers at DigitalBridge, will strengthen our ability to foster diversity at more senior levels. Many of our professionals have been promoted from within and, as the diversity of our junior professionals continues to grow, we expect to see even greater diversity across the senior levels of the Company. 
 In addition, our dedication to fostering diversity and inclusion is also supported by our Company s board of directors, five out of its nine members are women and/or people of color. 
 Compensation and Benefits Program 
 Our compensation program is designed to attract and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals and create long-term value for our stockholders. We provide employees with compensation packages that include base salary, annual incentive bonuses tied to specific performance goals, and, generally for all mid-level and above employees, long-term equity awards tied to time-based vesting conditions and the relative value of our stock price as compared to our peers. We believe that a compensation program with both short-term and long-term awards provides fair and competitive compensation and aligns 
 14 

Table of Contents 

employee and stockholder interests, including by incentivizing business and individual performance (pay for performance), motivating based on long-term company performance and integrating compensation with our business plans. We commission a customized compensation benchmark survey annually to ensure our compensation packages are competitive and in-market. In addition, we also offer employees benefits such as life and health (medical, dental and vision) insurance, paid time off, paid parental leave, charitable gift matching, student loan paydown program, a 401(k) plan and a recently introduced training and development program with Franklin Covey. 
 Community Involvement 
 We aim to give back to the communities where we live, work and operate by participating in local, national and global causes, and believe that this commitment helps in our efforts to attract and retain employees. Our employees serve as the ambassadors of our social responsibility values, which they share through volunteering and charitable giving. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") 
 We believe that integrating ESG considerations into our business and our portfolio companies is an essential element to our continued success. We have a cross-functional ESG Committee that steers the Company s ESG program, including helping to develop initiatives designed to improve related performance metrics and disclosures. This committee presents ESG data and updates at the DBRG and portfolio company level on a quarterly basis to our Board of Directors, who exercise oversight of the Company s ESG program and strategy. 
 Our ESG Process for Investment Management 
 We have a Responsible Investment Policy that guides the integration of macro-level and company-specific ESG considerations throughout our investment lifecycle. Development of this policy was informed by relevant third-party standards, best practices and global initiatives, including the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. 
 We focus on the most relevant ESG issues which we have prioritized according to two criteria: those that have the greatest impact on our business and/or our portfolio companies; and those that are the most important to our stakeholders. The result is a targeted universe of priority issues as follows: 
 Climate Change: Energy Efficiency, Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Physical Climate Risks 
 Data Privacy, Data Security and Associated Human Rights 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 
 Workplace Health and Safety 
 We seek to integrate these ESG considerations into our investment process through analysis of material ESG factors during due diligence to inform our investment decision-making and support implementation of ESG best practices at our portfolio companies. We provide guidance and resources to our portfolio companies to accelerate their ESG initiatives and actively engage with the ESG leadership at each of our portfolio companies to manage and report on a common set of core key performance indicators and ESG metrics. We also have a Responsible Lending Policy that applies to our credit products, which have a fundamentally different position to engage with underlying companies on ESG issues. As a credit investor in digital infrastructure, we are committed to encouraging and engaging co-lending parties to integrate ESG issues into transaction documentation and lending terms, where possible. 
 Additional information about our ESG program is set forth in our annual ESG report, available in the Responsibility section of the Company s website. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.digitalbridge.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report and such information does not constitute part of this report and any other report or documents the Company files with or furnishes to the SEC. 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K (including this Annual Report), quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and any amendments thereof are available on our website under Shareholders SEC Filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC, and may be viewed at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Copies are also available without charge from DigitalBridge Investor Relations. Information regarding our corporate governance, including our corporate governance guidelines, code of ethics and charters of committees of the Board of Directors, are available on our website under Shareholders Corporate Governance, and any amendment to our corporate governance documents will be posted within the time period required 
 15 

Table of Contents 

by the rules of the SEC and the NYSE. In addition, corporate presentations are also made available on our website from time to time under Shareholders Events Presentations." 
 DigitalBridge Investor Relations can be contacted by mail at: DigitalBridge Group, Inc, 750 Park of Commerce Drive 
 Suite 210, Boca Raton, FL 33487, Attn: Investor Relations; or by telephone: (561) 570-4644, or by email: ir@digitalbridge.com. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us that we currently deem immaterial or that generally apply to all businesses also may adversely impact our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flow and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 We require capital to continue to operate and grow our business, and the failure to obtain such capital, either through the public or private markets or other third-party sources of capital, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to maintain our distributions to our stockholders. 
 We require capital to fund acquisitions and originations of our target investments, to fund our operations, including overhead costs, to fund distributions to our stockholders and to repay principal and interest on our borrowings. We expect to meet our capital requirements using cash on hand, cash flow generated from our operations and investment management activities, sale proceeds from non-core investments and principal and interest payments received from legacy debt investments. However, we may also have to rely on third-party sources of capital, including public and private offerings of securities and debt financings. 
 In addition, the fee income generated from or expected to be generated from our current and future managed investment vehicles is driven, both directly and indirectly, by the ability to raise capital at such investment vehicles. Our ability to raise capital at our Company, as well as at our current and future managed investment vehicles, through the public and private capital markets depends on a number of factors, including many that are outside our control, such as the general economic environment, the regulatory environment, competition in the marketplace, media attention and investor investment allocation preferences. Poor performance by, or negative publicity about, our Company, our strategy, our management or our managed companies could also make it more difficult for us or our managed investment vehicles to raise new capital. Investors in our managed companies may decline to invest in future vehicles we manage, and investors may withdraw their investments in our managed companies (subject to the terms of agreements with such managed company) as a result of poor performance or negative perceptions of our Company or our leadership. In addition, third-party financing may not be available to us when needed, on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing to fund or grow our business, it would have a material adverse effect on our ability to acquire additional assets and make our debt service payments and our financial condition, results of operations and the ability to fund our distributions to our stockholders would be materially adversely affected. 
 Adverse changes in general economic and political conditions could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is materially affected by general economic and political conditions and events throughout the world, such as changes in interest rates, fiscal and monetary stimulus and withdrawal of stimulus, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws (including laws relating to taxation), trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, national and international political circumstances (including wars, terrorist acts or security operations) and responses to widespread health events, such as the ongoing novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, and our ability to manage our exposure to these conditions may be very limited. These conditions and/or events can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the ability of our managed vehicles to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value or performance of our investments and the investments made by our managed vehicles and making it more difficult for us and our managed vehicles to realize value from existing investments. Adverse changes in market and economic conditions in the United States or the countries or regions in which we or our managed vehicles invest would likely have a negative impact on the value of our assets and spending and demand for digital and communications infrastructure and technology and, accordingly, our and our managed vehicle s financial performance, the market prices of our securities, and our ability to pay dividends. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

The condition of the digital infrastructure and real estate markets in which we operate is cyclical and depends on the condition of the economy in the United States, Europe, Asia and other foreign markets where we operate as a whole and on the perceptions of investors of the overall economic outlook. In 2022, persistent inflation in the United States and other countries led the United States Federal Reserve and other central banks to take actions to raise interest rates. Rising interest rates, declining employment levels, declining demand for real estate, declining real estate values or periods of general economic slowdown or recession, increasing political instability or uncertainty, or the perception that any of these events may occur have negatively impacted the digital infrastructure and real estate markets in the past and may in the future negatively impact our operating performance, resulting in a more difficult fund raising environment and reducing exit opportunities in which to realize the value of our investments. During periods of difficult market or economic conditions (which may occur across one or more industries or geographies), the various companies or assets in which we have investments may experience several issues, including decreased revenues, increased costs, credit rating downgrades, difficulty in obtaining financing and even severe financial losses or insolvency. 
 In addition, political uncertainty may contribute to potential risks beyond our control, such as changes in governmental policy on a variety of matters including trade, manufacturing, development and investment, the restructuring of trade agreements, and uncertainties associated with political gridlock. Any such changes in U.S. or international political conditions, or political uncertainty and instability, in the territories and countries where we or our tenants and customers operate could adversely affect our operating results, our business and the market price of our stock. 
 We have only a limited ability to change our portfolio promptly in response to changing economic, political or other conditions, which impedes us from responding quickly to changes in the performance of our investments and could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, certain significant expenditures, such as debt service costs, real estate taxes, and operating and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when market conditions are poor. 
 We invest in a wide array of asset classes within the digital infrastructure industry; however, we may not successfully implement this strategy or ultimately realize any of the anticipated benefits of diversification. 
 We have invested and plan to continue to invest, primarily through our managed funds, in multiple asset classes within digital infrastructure, including data centers, cell towers, fiber networks, small cells and edge infrastructure, throughout the United States and around the world. However, we may not successfully implement our investment strategy and our investments may become concentrated in type or geographic location. Even if we do implement this strategy, it is possible our multi-asset class portfolios will not perform as well as a portfolio that is concentrated in a particular type of digital infrastructure assets. 
 Our operations in Europe and other foreign markets expose our business to risks inherent in conducting business in foreign markets. 
 A portion of our revenues are sourced from our foreign operations in Europe, Asia and other foreign markets. Accordingly, our firm-wide results of operations depend in part on our foreign operations. Conducting business abroad carries significant risks, including: 
 changes in real estate and other tax rates, the tax treatment of transaction structures and other changes in operating expenses in a particular country where we have an investment; 
 restrictions and limitations relating to the repatriation of profits; 
 complexity and costs of staffing and managing international operations; 
 the burden of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws; 
 changes in relative interest rates; 
 translation and transaction risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency and exchange rates; 
 lack of uniform accounting standards (including availability of information in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP")); 
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 
 the impact of different business cycles and economic instability; 
 political instability and civil unrest; 
 17 

Table of Contents 

legal and logistical barriers to enforcing our contractual rights, including in perfecting our security interests, collecting accounts receivable, foreclosing on secured assets and protecting our interests as a creditor in bankruptcies in certain geographic regions; 
 share ownership restrictions on foreign operations; 
 compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, including sanctions laws, or anti-bribery laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and 
 geographic, time zone, language and cultural differences between personnel in different areas of the world. 
 Each of these risks might adversely affect our performance and impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, there is generally less publicly available information about foreign companies and a lack of uniform financial accounting standards and practices (including the availability of information in accordance with GAAP) which could impair our ability to analyze transactions and receive timely and accurate financial information from our investments necessary to meet our reporting obligations to financial institutions or governmental or regulatory agencies. 
 We face possible risks associated with natural disasters, wildfires, weather events, and the physical effects and other impacts of climate change. 
 We are subject to the risks associated with natural disasters, wildfires, weather events, and the physical effects and other impacts of climate change, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our properties, operations and business. Over time, our properties located in coastal markets and other areas that may be impacted by climate change are expected to experience increases in storm intensity and rising sea-levels that may cause damage to our properties. As a result, we could become subject to significant losses and/or repair costs that may or may not be fully covered by insurance. Other markets may experience prolonged variations in temperature or precipitation that significantly increase energy costs or result in additional regulatory burdens, such as stricter energy efficiency standards. Weather events and climate change may also affect our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable in areas most vulnerable to such events, increasing operating costs, such as energy costs, and requiring us to expend funds as we seek to repair and protect our properties against such risks. There can be no assurance that natural disasters, wildfires, weather events, or climate change will not have a material adverse effect on our properties, operations or business. 
 We are subject to increasing focus by our fund investors, our stockholders and regulators on environmental, social and governance matters. 
 Our fund investors, stockholders, regulators and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on ESG matters. Certain fund investors, including public pension funds, consider our record of socially responsible investing and other ESG factors in determining whether to invest in our funds. Similarly, certain of our stockholders, particularly institutional investors, use third-party benchmarks or scores to measure our ESG practices, and use such information to decide whether to invest in our common stock or engage with us to require changes to our practices. If our ESG practices do not meet the standards set by these fund investors or stockholders, they may choose not to invest in our funds or exclude our common stock from their investments, and we may face reputational challenges by other stakeholders. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse impact on new fundraises and negatively affect the price of our stock. In addition, there has also been an increased regulatory focus on ESG-related practices by investment managers by the SEC and other regulators. If regulators disagree with the procedures or standards we use for ESG investing, or new regulation or legislation requires a methodology of measuring or disclosing ESG impact that is different from our current practice, our business and reputation could be adversely affected. 
 We often pursue investment opportunities that involve business, regulatory, legal or other complexities and the failure to successfully manage such risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We often pursue unusually complex investment opportunities involving substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity that would deter investors. Our tolerance for complexity presents risks, as such transactions can be more difficult, expensive and time-consuming to finance, execute and disclose, it can be more difficult to manage or realize value from the assets acquired in such transactions, and such transactions sometimes entail a higher level of regulatory scrutiny or a greater risk of contingent liabilities. Failure to successfully manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to our Investment Management Business 
 The investment management business is intensely competitive. 
 The investment management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the quality of service provided to clients, brand recognition and business reputation. Our investment management business competes for clients, personnel and investment opportunities with a large number of private equity funds, specialized investment funds, hedge funds, corporate buyers, traditional investment managers, commercial banks, investment banks, other investment managers and other financial institutions, and we expect that competition will increase. Numerous factors serve to increase our competitive risks, some of which are outside of our control, including that: 
 a number of our competitors have more personnel and greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do; 
 many of our competitors have raised, or are expected to raise, significant amounts of capital, and many of them have investment objectives similar to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities and reduce the size and duration of pricing inefficiencies that we seek to exploit; 
 some of our competitors (including strategic competitors) may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to our managed companies, particularly our managed companies that directly use leverage or rely on debt financing of their portfolio companies to generate superior investment returns; 
 some of our competitors have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us for investments; 
 our competitors may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings in respect of an investment that we cannot, which may provide them with a competitive advantage in bidding for an investment; 
 there are relatively few barriers to entry impeding new funds, and the successful efforts of new entrants into our various lines of business, including major commercial and investment banks and other financial institutions, have resulted in increased competition; 
 some investors may prefer to invest with an investment manager whose equity securities are not traded on a national securities exchange; 
 some investors may prefer to pursue investments directly instead of investing through one of our managed companies; 
 other industry participants will from time to time seek to recruit our investment professionals and other employees away from us; and 
 other investment managers may offer more products and services than we do, have more diverse sources of revenue or be more adept at developing, marketing and managing new products and services than we are. 
 We may find it harder to raise capital in the private funds and other investment vehicles that we manage, and we may lose investment opportunities in the future, if we do not match the fees, structures and terms offered by competitors to their fund clients. Alternatively, we may experience decreased profitability, decreased rates of return and increased risk of loss if we match the prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. This competitive pressure could adversely affect our ability to make successful investments and limit our ability to raise future managed investment vehicles, either of which would adversely impact our business, revenues, results of operations and cash flow. 
 Poor performance of our current and future managed investment vehicles could cause a decline in our revenue, income and cash flow. 
 The fee arrangements we have with certain of our managed investment vehicles are based on the respective performance of such companies. As a result, poor performance or a decrease in value of assets under management of such managed companies (or any companies we may manage in the future with similar performance-based fees) would result in a reduction of our investment management and other fees, carried interest and/or other incentive fees and consequently cause our revenue, income and cash flow to decline. Further, to the extent that we have an investment in a managed investment vehicle, poor performance at such investment vehicle could cause us to suffer losses on such investments of our own capital. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Investors in our current or future managed investment vehicles may negotiate terms less favorable to us than those of investment vehicles we currently manage, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In connection with sponsoring new managed investment vehicles or securing additional capital commitments in existing investment vehicles, we will negotiate terms for such investment vehicles and commitments from investors. In addition, we have agreed and may in the future agree to re-negotiate terms in the agreements with our investment vehicles due to performance of such investment vehicles or other market conditions. The outcome of such negotiations have and could in the future result in our agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us economically than the existing terms of our investment vehicles or vehicles advised by our competitors. We have recorded and may in the future need to record impairments in the goodwill associated with such agreements as a result of amended economic terms in such agreements. Further, we may also agree to terms that could restrict our ability to sponsor competing investment vehicles, require us to dispose of an investment within a certain period of time, restrict our ability to sell all or a portion of our position in a co-investment, increase our obligations as the manager or require us to take on additional potential liabilities. Agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us could result in a decrease in our profitability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Valuation methodologies for certain assets in our managed institutional private funds can involve subjective judgments, and the fair value of assets established pursuant to such methodologies may be incorrect, which could result in the misstatement of performance and accrued performance fees of an institutional private fund. 
 There are often no readily ascertainable market prices for a substantial majority of the illiquid investments of our managed institutional private funds. We determine the fair value of the investments of each of our institutional private funds at least quarterly based on the fair value guidelines set forth by GAAP. The fair value measurement accounting guidance establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework that ranks the observability of market inputs used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. The observability of inputs is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, the characteristics specific to the financial instrument and the state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of transactions between market participants. Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices, or for which fair value can be measured from quoted prices in active markets, will generally have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment applied in determining fair value. 
 Investments for which market prices are not observable include, but are not limited to, illiquid investments in operating companies, real estate, energy ventures and structured vehicles, and encompass all components of the capital structure, including equity, mezzanine, debt, preferred equity and derivative instruments such as options and warrants. Fair values of such investments are determined by reference to (1) the market approach (i.e., multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company or asset, such as earnings before interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"), by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable public entities or transactions, adjusted by management as appropriate for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables), (2) the income approach (i.e., discounting projected future cash flows of the investee company or asset and/or capitalizing representative stabilized cash flows of the investee company or asset) and (3) other methodologies such as prices provided by reputable dealers or pricing services, option pricing models and replacement costs. 
 The determination of fair value using these methodologies takes into consideration a range of factors including but not limited to the price at which the investment was acquired, the nature of the investment, local market conditions, the multiples of comparable securities, current and projected operating performance and financing transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. These valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of management judgment. For example, as to investments that we share with another sponsor, we may apply a different valuation methodology than the other sponsor does or derive a different value than the other sponsor has derived on the same investment, which could cause some investors to question our valuations. 
 Because there is significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or stability of the value of, illiquid investments, the fair values of such investments as reflected in an institutional private fund s net asset value do not necessarily reflect the prices that would be obtained by us on behalf of the institutional private fund when such investments are realized. Realizations at values significantly lower than the values at which investments have been reflected in prior institutional private fund net asset values would result in reduced earnings or losses for the applicable fund and the loss of potential management fees, carried interest and incentive fees. Changes in values attributed to investments from quarter to quarter may result in volatility in the net asset values and results of operations that we report from period to period. Also, a situation where asset values turn out to be materially different than values reflected in prior institutional fund net asset values could cause investors to lose confidence in us, which could in turn result in difficulty in raising additional institutional private funds. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Further, the SEC has highlighted valuation practices as one of its areas of focus in investment advisor examinations and has instituted enforcement actions against advisors for misleading investors about valuation. If the SEC were to investigate and find errors in our methodologies or procedures, we and/or members of our management could be subject to penalties and fines, which could harm our reputation and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The organization and management of our current and future investment vehicles may create conflicts of interest. 
 We currently manage, and may in the future manage, private funds and other investment vehicles that may be in competition with us and each other with respect to investment opportunities and financing opportunities. In general, our investment funds and certain portfolio companies thereof have priority over the Company with respect to investment opportunities in digital infrastructure, and investors in our managed funds and investment vehicles typically have priority with regard to any related co-investment opportunities. We have implemented certain procedures to manage any perceived or actual conflicts among us and our managed investment vehicles, including the following: 
 allocating investment opportunities based on numerous factors, including investment objectives, available cash, diversification/concentration, leverage policy, the size of the investment, tax, anticipated pipeline of suitable investments, fund life and existing contractual obligations such as first-look rights and non-compete covenants; and 
 investment allocations are reviewed at least annually by the chief compliance officer of our applicable registered investment adviser. 
 In addition, subject to compliance with the rules promulgated under the Investment Advisers Act and the governing documents of our managed investment vehicles, we have and may continue to allow a managed investment vehicle to enter into principal transactions with us or cross-transactions with other managed investment vehicles or strategic vehicles. For certain cross-transactions, we may receive a fee from, or increased fees from, the managed investment vehicle and conflicts may exist. If our interests and those of our managed funds and investment vehicles are not aligned, we may face conflicts of interests that result in action or inaction that is detrimental to us, our managed investment vehicles, our strategic partnerships or our joint ventures. Further, certain officers and senior management who make allocation decisions may have financial interests in a particular fund or managed investment vehicle, which may increase such conflicts of interest. 
 Conflicts of interest may also arise in the allocation of fees and costs among our managed companies that we incur in connection with the management of their assets. This allocation sometimes requires us to exercise discretion and there is no guarantee that we will allocate these fees and costs appropriately. 
 Appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with one or more potential or actual conflicts of interest. Regulatory scrutiny of, or litigation in connection with, conflicts of interest would have a material adverse effect on our reputation, which would materially adversely affect our business and our ability to raise capital in future managed companies. 
 Conflicts of interest may also arise in the allocation of fees and costs among our managed companies that we incur in connection with the management of their assets. This allocation sometimes requires us to exercise discretion and there is no guarantee that we will allocate these fees and costs appropriately. 
 Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses. 
 We intend, to the extent that market conditions warrant, to seek to grow our businesses by increasing AUM in existing businesses, pursuing new investment strategies, developing new types of investment structures and products (such as separately managed accounts and structured products), and expanding into new geographic markets and businesses. Introducing new types of investment structures and products could increase the complexities involved in managing such investments, including ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements. We may also pursue growth through acquisitions of other investment management companies, such as our recent acquisition of the global infrastructure equity investment management business from AMP Capital. 
 The success of our organic growth strategy will depend on, among other things, our ability to correctly identify and create products that appeal to the limited partners of our funds and vehicles. While we have made significant expenditures to develop these new strategies and products, there is no assurance that they will achieve a satisfactory level of scale and profitability. To raise new funds and pursue new strategies, we have and expect to continue to use our balance sheet to warehouse seed investments, which may decrease the liquidity available for other parts of our business. If a new strategy or fund does not develop as anticipated and such investments are not ultimately transferred to a fund, we may not be able 
 21 

Table of Contents 

to dispose of such investments at an advantageous time and may be forced to realize losses on these retained investments. 
 To the extent we expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets and businesses and attempt to expand our business through acquisitions, we will face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with: 
 our ability to successfully negotiate and enter into beneficial arrangements with our counterparties; 
 our ability to realize the anticipated operational and financial benefits from an acquisition and to effectively integrate an acquired business; 
 the required investment of capital and other resources; 
 the possibility of diversion of management's time and attention from our core business; 
 the possibility of disruption of our ongoing business; 
 the assumption of liabilities in any acquired business and the potential for litigation; 
 the broadening of our geographic footprint, including the risks associated with conducting operations in foreign jurisdictions, such as taxation; 
 properly managing conflicts of interests; and 
 our ability to comply with new regulatory regimes. 
 Our funds may be forced to dispose of investments at a disadvantageous time. 
 Our funds may make investments of which they do not advantageously dispose of prior to the date the applicable fund is dissolved, either by expiration of such fund s term or otherwise. Although we generally expect that our funds will dispose of investments prior to dissolution, we may not be able to do so. The general partners of our funds have only a limited ability to extend the term of the fund with the consent of fund investors or the advisory board of the fund, as applicable, and therefore, we may be required to sell, distribute or otherwise dispose of investments during liquidation, which may be at a disadvantageous time. This would result in a lower than expected return on the investments and, perhaps, on the fund itself. 
 Risks Related to our Digital Infrastructure Investments 
 Any failure of our physical infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could harm our business reputation and could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. 
 Our business reputation depends on providing customers with highly reliable services, including with respect to power supply, physical security and maintenance of environmental conditions. We may fail to provide such service as a result of numerous factors, including mechanical failure, power outage, human error, physical or electronic security incidents, war, terrorism, fire, earthquake, hurricane, flood, climate change and other natural disasters, sabotage and vandalism. 
 Problems at one or more of our data centers or other digital infrastructure assets, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or equipment damage. Substantially all of the customer leases associated with our digital infrastructure assets include terms requiring us to meet certain service level commitments to such customers. Any failure to meet these or other commitments or any equipment damage in our data centers, including as a result of mechanical failure, power outage, human error or other reasons, could subject us to liability under our lease terms, including service level credits against customer rent payments, monetary damages, or, in certain cases of repeated failures, the right by the customer to terminate the lease. Service interruptions, equipment failures or security incidents may also expose us to additional legal liability, regulatory requirements, penalties and monetary damages and damage our brand and reputation, and could cause our customers to terminate or not renew their leases. In addition, we may be unable to attract new customers if we have a reputation for service disruptions, equipment failures or physical or electronic security incidents in our data centers or with regard to other digital infrastructure assets. Any such failures could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The digital infrastructure industry is highly competitive and such competition may materially and adversely affect our performance and ability to execute our strategy. 
 The digital infrastructure industry is highly competitive based on a number of factors, including brand recognition, reputation and pricing pressure on the products and services offered by the companies in which we expect to invest. A reduction in the perceived quality of services and products offered, or if our competitors offer rental, leasing or similar rates at below market rates or below the rates charged by the companies in which we invest, the performance of the 
 22 

Table of Contents 

companies in which we invest could be adversely impacted and, as a result, our ability to raise third party capital in our current and future digital focused funds and investment vehicles could be adversely impacted. In the event that we are unable to continue to grow our business as a result of our poor performance or lack of available funding for our investments, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects would be materially adversely affected. 
 We depend on the development and growth of a balanced customer base, including key customers, and failure to attract, grow and retain this base of customers or future consolidation in the technology industry could harm our business and operating results. 
 Our ability to maximize operating revenues depends on our ability to develop and grow a balanced customer base, consisting of a variety of companies, including cloud and IT service providers, network providers and other technology companies. We consider certain of these customers to be key in that they attract and assist in retaining other customers. Our ability to attract and maintain customers depends on a variety of factors, including the demand for data center space and other digital infrastructure and our operating reliability and security. In addition, our customer base may shrink as a result of mergers or acquisitions, resulting in a reduced number of customers or potential customers. Any of these factors may increase churn and hinder the development, growth and retention of a balanced customer base, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We do not directly control the operations of certain of our digital infrastructure assets and are therefore dependent on portfolio company management teams to successfully operate their businesses. 
 Our digital infrastructure assets, including the data centers in our Operating segment, are typically operated by in-place management teams at the portfolio companies which hold these assets and in which we own our interests or by third party management companies. While we have or expect to have various rights as an owner of the portfolio companies, we may have limited recourse under our management agreements or investment interest documentation if we believe that such in-place management teams (who are not our employees) or third-party management companies are not performing adequately. Failure by the in-place management teams to adequately manage the risks associated with managing digital infrastructure assets could result in defaults under our borrowings and otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. Furthermore, if these portfolio companies or management companies experience any significant financial, legal, accounting or regulatory difficulties, such difficulties could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The financial performance of our digital infrastructure assets depends upon the demand for such assets. 
 A reduction in the demand for our digital infrastructure assets, power or connectivity will adversely impact our ability to execute our business strategy and our performance. Demand for digital infrastructure assets is particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space and other digital infrastructure assets. Reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to metropolitan areas that we do not currently or expect to serve. Changes in industry practice or in technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center space or other digital infrastructure assets. In addition, our customers may choose to develop new data centers or expand their own existing data centers or consolidate into data centers that we do not own or operate, which could reduce demand for our newly developed data centers or result in the loss of one or more key customers. If we lose a customer or a tenant, we cannot assure you that we would be able to replace that customer at a competitive rate, in a timely manner or at all. Mergers or consolidations of technology companies could reduce further the number of our customers/tenants and potential customers/tenants and make us more dependent on a more limited number of customers. If our customers merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our customers, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our data centers or other digital infrastructure assets. Our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow for distributions could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of these factors. 
 We are dependent upon third-party suppliers for power and certain other services, and we are vulnerable to service failures of our third-party suppliers and to price increases by such suppliers. 
 We generally rely on third-party local utilities to provide power to our data centers. We are therefore subject to an inherent risk that such local utilities may fail to deliver such power in adequate quantities or on a consistent basis, and our recourse against the local utility and ability to control such failures may be limited. If power delivered from the local utility is insufficient or interrupted, we would be required to provide power through the operation of our on-site generators, generally at a significantly higher operating cost than we would pay for an equivalent amount of power from the local utility. We may not be able to pass on the higher cost to our customers. 
 In addition, even when power supplies are adequate, we may be subject to pricing risks and unanticipated costs associated with obtaining power from various utility companies. Utilities are and may be subject to increasing regulation that could increase the costs of electricity, including wildfire mitigation plans. Utilities may be dependent on, and be 
 23 

Table of Contents 

sensitive to price increases for, a particular type of fuel, such as coal, oil or natural gas. In addition, the price of these fuels and the electricity generated from them could increase as a result of proposed legislative measures related to climate change or efforts to regulate carbon emissions. In any of these cases, increases in the cost of power at any of our data centers could put those locations at a competitive disadvantage relative to data centers served by utilities that can provide less expensive power. 
 We depend on third parties to provide network connectivity to the customers in our data centers, and any delays or disruptions in connectivity may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay dividends as well as the market price of our common stock. 
 Our customers require internet connectivity and connectivity to the fiber networks of multiple third-party telecommunications carriers. In order for us to attract and retain customers, we need to provide sufficient access for customers to connect to those carriers. While we provide space and facilities for carriers to locate their equipment and connect customers to their networks, any carrier may elect not to offer its services to us or may elect to discontinue its service. Furthermore, carriers may periodically experience business difficulties which could affect their ability to provide telecommunications services, or the service provided by a carrier may be inadequate or of poor quality. Any termination, degradation or interruption of connectivity could put us at a competitive disadvantage, and a material loss of adequate third-party connectivity could have an adverse effect on the businesses of our customers and, in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We expect certain of the leases we have with our customers to expire monthly and to contain early termination provisions. If leases with our customers are not renewed on the same or more favorable terms or are terminated early by our customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be substantially harmed. 
 Our customers may not renew their leases upon expiration. This risk is increased to the extent our customer leases expire on an annual basis. Upon expiration, our customers may elect not to renew their leases or renew their leases at lower rates, for less space, for fewer services or for shorter terms. If we are unable to successfully renew or continue our customer leases on the same or more favorable terms or subsequently re-lease available space when such leases expire, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, certain of our leases may contain early termination provisions that allow our customers to reduce the term of their leases subject to payment of an early termination charge that is often a specified portion of the remaining rent payable on such leases. The exercise by customers of early termination options could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The digital infrastructure assets that we own may become obsolete, which could materially adversely impact our revenue and operations. 
 Data centers require infrastructure, such as power and cooling systems, that is difficult and costly to upgrade. If the infrastructure in our data centers or other digital infrastructure assets becomes obsolete due to the development of new server technologies, we may need to upgrade or change the systems in order to keep our existing tenants or attract new tenants. We may not be able to effectively or efficiently upgrade or change such infrastructure and may incur substantial costs in doing so. Any inability to upgrade or change our digital infrastructure assets in connection with technological developments may result in the loss of tenants and adversely impact our ability to attract new tenants, all of which could materially and adversely impact our revenues and operations. 
 Digital infrastructure investments are subject to substantial government regulation . 
 Digital infrastructure investments are subject to substantial government regulation related to the acquisition and operation of such investments. Failure to comply with applicable government regulations or the inability to obtain or maintain any required government permits, licenses, concessions, leases or contracts needed to operate our digital infrastructure investments could adversely affect our ability to achieve our investment objectives. In addition, governments often have considerable discretion to implement regulations that affect our digital infrastructure investments. Changes in existing regulations could be costly for us to comply with and may delay or prevent the operation of our assets, all of which could adversely impact the performance of our investments. 
 Many of our investments may be illiquid and we may not be able to vary our investment portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions. 
 Our investments are relatively illiquid. As a result, our ability to vary our investment portfolio promptly in response to changed economic and other conditions is limited, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay dividends and make distributions. In addition, the liquidity of our investments may also be impacted by, among other things, legal or contractual restrictions, the lack of available financing for assets, the absence of 
 24 

Table of Contents 

a willing buyer or an established market and turbulent market conditions. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments at advantageous times or in a timely manner if the need or desire arises, including, if necessary, to maintain our exemption from the 1940 Act. If we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less upon a sale than the value at which we have previously recorded our assets. If and to the extent that we use leverage to finance our investments that are or become liquid, the adverse impact on us related to trying to sell assets in a short period of time for cash could be greatly exacerbated. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure and Business Operations 
 We depend on our key personnel, and the loss of their services or the loss of investor confidence in such personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We depend on the efforts, skill, reputations and business contacts of our key personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer, our President and our Chief Financial Officer, each of whom has entered into an employment agreement with us. For instance, the extent and nature of the experience of our executive officers and the nature of the relationships they have developed with digital real estate professionals, financial institutions, investors in certain of our investment vehicles and other members of the business community are critical to the success of our business. Changes to our management team have occurred in the past, and we cannot assure stockholders of the continued employment of these individuals with the Company. As previously disclosed, Mr. Wu and Mr. Sanders have entered into amended and restated employment agreements that provide for their terms of employment to end in 2023. 
 In addition, our success depends, to a significant extent, upon the continued services of key personnel in our investment management business, including Mr. Ganzi and Mr. Jenkins. Although Mr. Ganzi and Mr. Jenkins received equity interests in us and are subject to employment agreements and other agreements containing restrictions on engaging in activities that are deemed competitive to our business, there can be no assurances that they will continue employment with us. The loss of Mr. Ganzi, Mr. Jenkins or other key personnel could harm our business. 
 In addition, certain of our current and former key personnel have been and may continue to be the subject of media attention, which includes scrutiny or criticism of our Company, business and leadership. Such attention and scrutiny could negatively impact our reputation as well as that of our key personnel, which could in turn negatively impact the relationships our key personnel have with current and potential investors, business partners, vendors and employees. Negative perceptions of or a loss of investor confidence in our key personnel could adversely impact our business prospects. 
 Our position as an owner, operator and investment manager of digital infrastructure assets and change in 
 strategy to focus on investment management may adversely impact our stock price. 
 We are a leading owner, operator and investment manager of digital infrastructure and currently manage digital infrastructure assets both on our balance sheet and through our investment management platform. As of the date of this report, substantially all of the digital investments on the Company s balance sheet are data centers, primarily located in the United States, which subjects us to concentration risks. We believe that any advantages to having both direct digital infrastructure investments and an investment management platform are frequently not recognized by the investment community and that investors view this strategy as overly complex. To the extent we are unable to transfer or dispose of our the direct digital infrastructure investments on our balance sheet, our stock price and our ability to raise capital may be adversely affected. In addition, at such time as we no longer have a controlling interest in DataBank and Vantage SDC, our determination to consolidate such entities would likely change, resulting in significant changes to our financial statements, which may also adversely impact our stock price. 
 There may be conflicts of interest between us and our Chief Executive Officer and certain other senior DBH employees that could result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Prior to our combination with DBH, Marc C. Ganzi, our Chief Executive Officer, and Benjamin Jenkins, our President, made personal investments in certain portfolio companies and/or related vehicles (collectively, the DBH Portfolio Companies ), which DBH acquired along with a consortium of third-party investors. In the DBH combination, we acquired the contracts to provide investment advisory and other business services to the DBH Portfolio Companies, while Mr. Ganzi and Mr. Jenkins retained their respective investments in the DBH Portfolio Companies. As a result of these personal investments and related outside business activities, Mr. Ganzi, Mr. Jenkins and certain other senior DBH employees may have control, veto rights or significant influence over, or be required to represent the interests of certain third-party investors in, major decisions and other operational matters at the DBH Portfolio Companies. In addition, Mr. Ganzi, Mr. Jenkins and certain other DBH employees may be entitled to receive carried interest payments from the DBH Portfolio Companies upon the occurrence of certain events. As a result, Mr. Ganzi, Mr. Jenkins, and certain other senior DBH employees, may have different objectives than us regarding the performance and management of, transactions with or investment allocations to, the DBH Portfolio Companies. The Company has attempted, and will continue to attempt, to 
 25 

Table of Contents 

manage and mitigate actual or potential conflicts of interest between us, on the one hand, and Mr. Ganzi, Mr. Jenkins and certain other senior DBH employees, on the other hand; however, there can be no assurances that such attempts will be effective. 
 As a result of their personal investments in DataBank and Vantage SDC prior to the Company s acquisition of DBH, additional investments made by the Company in DataBank and Vantage SDC subsequent to their initial acquisitions may trigger future carried interest payments to Mr. Ganzi and Mr. Jenkins upon the occurrence of future realization events. Such investments made by the Company include ongoing payments for the buildout of expansion capacity, including 
 lease-up of the expanded capacity and existing inventory, in Vantage SDC and the acquisition of additional interest in 
 DataBank from an existing investor in January 2022. In such transactions, the Company takes a series of steps to mitigate the conflicts in the transactions, including, among others, obtaining approval from an independent committee of the board of directors. For additional information regarding payments to Messrs. Ganzi and Jenkins relating to DataBank and Vantage SDC acquisitions, see Note 16. Transactions with Affiliates, in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Subject to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and related party transaction policies and procedures, as applicable, we may continue to enter into transactions or other arrangements with the DBH Portfolio Companies in which there are actual or potential conflicts of interests between us and Mr. Ganzi, Mr. Jenkins and certain other senior employees. Despite having related party transaction policies and procedures in place and having conflict mitigants in such transactions, such transactions may not be on terms as favorable to us as they would have been if they had been negotiated among unrelated parties. In addition, such transactions may result in future conflicts of interest if Mr. Ganzi s or Mr. Jenkins continuing interests in the transaction (if any) are not aligned with the Company's. 
 We have been and may continue to be subject to the actions of activist stockholders, which could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management's attention and resources, and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We have been and may continue to be the subject of increased activity by activist stockholders. Responding to stockholder activism can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations and divert the attention of management and our employees from executing our business plan. Activist campaigns can create perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, strategy or leadership and may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, harm our ability to attract new investors, tenants/operators/managers and joint venture partners, cause us to incur increased legal, advisory and other expenses and cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility or stagnation. Moreover, if individuals are elected to our board of directors with a specific agenda, even though less than a majority, our ability to effectively and timely implement our current initiatives and execute on our long-term strategy may be adversely affected. 
 Our assets may continue to be subject to impairment charges, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We evaluate our long-lived assets, primarily real estate held for investment, for impairment periodically or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. In evaluating and/or measuring impairment, the Company considers, among other things, current and estimated future cash flows associated with each property, market information for each sub-market and other quantitative and qualitative factors. Another key consideration in this assessment is the Company's assumptions about the highest and best use of its real estate investments and its intent and ability to hold them for a reasonable period that would allow for the recovery of their carrying values. These key assumptions are subjective in nature and could differ materially from actual results if the property was disposed. Changes in our strategy or changes in the marketplace may alter the hold period of an asset or asset group, which may result in an impairment loss, and such loss could be material to our financial condition or operating performance. If, after giving effect to such changes, we conclude that the carrying values of such assets or asset groups are no longer recoverable, we may recognize impairments in future periods equal to the excess of the carrying values over the estimated fair value. Such impairments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 In addition, we have and may continue to recognize impairments on the Company's equity method investments and goodwill. For example, in 2022, the Company determined that its investment in BrightSpire Capital, Inc. ("BRSP") was other-than-temporarily impaired and recorded an impairment charge of 60 million. 
 These subjective assessments have a direct impact on our net income because recording an impairment charge results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. There can be no assurance that we will not take additional charges in the future related to the impairment of our assets. Any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the charge is taken. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

The occurrence of a security incident or a deficiency in our cybersecurity has the potential to disrupt our operations, cause material harm to our financial condition, result in misappropriation of assets, compromise confidential information and/or damage our business relationships. 
 As an asset manager, our business is highly dependent on information technology networks and systems, including systems provided by third parties over which we have no control. We may also have limited opportunity to verify the effectiveness of systems provided by third parties or to cause third parties to implement necessary or desirable improvements for such systems. In the normal course of business, we and our service providers process proprietary, confidential, and personal information provided by our customers, employees, and vendors. The risk of a security incident or system or network disruption to networks and systems, including through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions, including by computer hackers, nation-state affiliated actors, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. A security incident or a significant and extended disruption to our systems or systems provided by third parties, may result in compromise or corruption of, or unauthorized access to or acquisition of, proprietary, confidential, or personal information collected in the course of conducting our business; misappropriation of assets; disruption of our operations, material harm to our financial condition, cash flows, and the market price of our common shares; significant remediation expenses; and increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs. A security incident or disruption could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting requirements or result in loss of competitive position, regulatory actions or increased regulatory scrutiny, litigation, breach of contracts, reputational harm, damage to our stakeholder relationships, or legal liability. 
 These risks require continuous and likely increasing attention and resources from us to, among other actions, identify and quantify these risks; upgrade and expand our technologies, systems, and processes to adequately address them; and provide periodic training for our employees to assist them in detecting phishing, malware, and other schemes. This diverts time and resources from other activities. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of responding to a security incident or deficiency in our cybersecurity could be significant. And although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our networks and systems, and the proprietary, confidential and personal information that resides on or is transmitted through them, and we have implemented various cyber security policies, procedures capabilities to manage the risk of a security incident or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security incidents or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Moreover, data protection laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where we operate often require reasonable, appropriate or adequate technical and organizational security measures, and the interpretation and application of those laws and regulations are often uncertain and evolving; there can be no assurance that our security measures will be deemed adequate, appropriate or reasonable by a regulator or court. While we have purchased cybersecurity insurance, there are no assurances that the coverage would be adequate in relation to any incurred losses. Moreover, as cyber-attacks and cyber intrusions increase in frequency and magnitude, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in amounts and on terms we view as adequate for our operations. 
 We may not realize the anticipated benefits of our strategic partnerships and joint ventures. 
 We have and may continue to enter into strategic partnerships and joint ventures to support growth in our business. We may also make investments in partnerships or other co-ownership arrangements or participations with third parties. In connection with our investments, our partners provide, among other things, property management, investment advisory, sub-advisory and other services to us and certain of the companies that we manage. We may not realize any of the anticipated benefits of our strategic partnerships and joint ventures. Such investments and any future strategic partnerships and/or joint ventures subject us and the companies we manage to risks and uncertainties not otherwise present with other methods of investment. 
 For a substantial portion of our assets, we rely upon joint venture partners to manage the day-to-day operations of the joint venture and underlying assets, as well as to prepare financial information for the joint venture. Any failure to perform these obligations may have a negative impact on our financial performance and results of operations. In addition, the terms of the agreements with our partners may limit or restrict our ability to make additional capital contributions for the benefit of properties or to sell or otherwise dispose of properties or interests held in joint ventures, even for ventures where we are the controlling partner. In certain instances, we may not control our joint venture investments. In these ventures, the controlling partner(s) may be able to take actions which are not in our best interests or the best interests of the investments we manage. Furthermore, to the extent that our joint venture partner provides services to the companies we manage, certain conflicts of interest will exist. Moreover, we may decide to terminate a strategic relationship or joint venture partner, which could be costly and time-consuming for our management team. 
 Any of the above might subject us to liabilities and thus reduce our returns on our investment with that joint venture partner, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, 
 27 

Table of Contents 

disagreements or disputes between us and our joint venture partner(s) could result in litigation, which could increase our expenses and potentially limit the time and effort our officers and directors are able to devote to our business. 
 We are subject to substantial litigation risks and may face significant liabilities and damage to our professional reputation as a result of litigation allegations and negative publicity. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are subject to the risk of substantial litigation and face significant regulatory oversight. Such litigation and proceedings, including, regulatory actions and shareholder class action suits, may result in defense costs, settlements, fines or judgments against us, some of which may not be covered by insurance. Litigation could be more likely in connection with a change of control transaction or during periods of market dislocation, shareholder activism or proxy contests. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such litigation or proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could negatively impact our cash flow, financial condition, results of operations and trading price of our shares of class A common stock. 
 In addition, even in the absence of misconduct, we may be exposed to litigation or other adverse consequences where investments perform poorly and investors in or alongside our managed companies experience losses. We depend to a large extent on our business relationships and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain investors and to pursue investment opportunities for us and our managed companies. As a result, allegations of improper conduct by private litigants (including investors in or alongside our managed companies) or regulators, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us, our investment activities or the private equity industry in general, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation, which may be more damaging to our business than to other types of businesses. 
 Employee misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subjecting us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. Fraud and other deceptive practices or other misconduct at our funds portfolio companies could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and also harm performance. 
 Our employees could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. We are subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset management business. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees would adversely affect our clients and us. Our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to companies in which we may invest. If our employees were to improperly use or disclose confidential information, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships. Detecting or deterring employee misconduct is not always possible, and the extensive precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. If one of our employees were to engage in misconduct or were to be accused of such misconduct, our business and our reputation could be adversely affected. 
 In recent years, the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC have devoted greater resources to enforcement of the FCPA. In addition, the U.K. has also significantly expanded the reach of its anti-bribery laws. While we have developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure strict compliance by us and our personnel with the FCPA, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. Any determination that we have violated the FCPA, the U.K. anti-bribery laws or other applicable anti-corruption laws could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties or material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely affect our business prospects, financial position or the market value of our common stock. 
 In addition, we may also be adversely affected if there is misconduct by personnel of portfolio companies in which our funds invest. For example, financial fraud or other deceptive practices at our funds portfolio companies, or failures by personnel at our funds portfolio companies to comply with anti-bribery, trade sanctions, anti-harassment, anti-discrimination or other legal and regulatory requirements, could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties or material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct and securities litigation, and could also cause significant reputational and business harm to us. Such misconduct may undermine our due diligence efforts with respect to such portfolio companies and could negatively affect the valuations of the investments by our funds in such portfolio companies. In addition, we may face an increased risk of such misconduct to the extent our investment in non-U.S. markets, particularly emerging markets, increases. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Financing 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to meet all of our existing or potential future debt service obligations. 
 Our ability to meet all of our existing or potential future debt service obligations (including those under our securitized debt instruments), to refinance our existing or potential future indebtedness, and to fund our operations, working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures, and other important business uses, depends on our ability to generate sufficient cash flow in the future. Our future cash flow is subject to, among other factors, general economic, industry, financial, competitive, operating, legislative, and regulatory conditions, many of which are beyond our control. 
 We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future sources of cash will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all, in amounts sufficient to enable us to meet all of our existing or potential future debt service obligations, or to fund our other important business uses or liquidity needs. Furthermore, if we incur additional indebtedness in connection with future acquisitions or for any other purpose, our existing or potential future debt service obligations could increase significantly and our ability to meet those obligations could depend, in large part, on the returns from such acquisitions or projects, as to which no assurance can be given. 
 Furthermore, our obligations under the terms of our borrowings could impact us negatively. For example, such obligations could: 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; 
 restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or cause us to make non-strategic divestitures; 
 restrict us from paying dividends to our stockholders; 
 increase our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions; and 
 require a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our borrowings, thereby reducing our ability to use cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities. 
 We may also need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness at or prior to the scheduled maturity. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness or obtain additional financing will depend on, among other things, (i) our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, distributable earnings ("DE") prospects, and then-current market conditions; and (ii) restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness. As a result, we may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. 
 In particular, our securitization co-issuers ability to refinance the securitization debt instruments or sell their interests in the securitization collateral will be affected by a number of factors, including the availability of credit for the collateral, the fair market value of the securitization collateral, our securitization entities financial condition, the operating history of the securitization managed funds, tax laws and general economic conditions. The ability of our securitization entities to sell or refinance their interests in the securitization collateral at or before the anticipated repayment date of the securitization debt instruments will also be affected by the degree of our success in forming new funds as additional managed funds for the securitization collateral pool. In the event that our securitization entities are not able to refinance the securitization debt instruments prior to the anticipated repayment date for such instruments, the interest payable on such securitization debt instruments will increase, which will reduce the cash flow available to us for other purposes. 
 If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations and additional borrowings or refinancings are not available to us, we may be unable to meet all of our existing or potential future debt service obligations. As a result, we would be forced to take other actions to meet those obligations, such as selling properties, raising equity or delaying capital expenditures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to effect any of these actions on favorable terms, or at all. 
 The securitization transaction documents impose certain restrictions on our activities or the activities of our subsidiaries, and the failure to comply with such restrictions could adversely affect our business. 
 The indenture and other agreements entered into by certain of our subsidiaries contain various covenants that limit our and our subsidiaries ability to engage in specified types of transactions. For example, among other things covenants restrict (subject to certain exceptions) the ability of certain subsidiaries to: 
 incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; 
 sell certain assets; 
 29 

Table of Contents 

alter the business conducted by our subsidiaries; 
 create new subsidiaries or alter our current cash distribution arrangements; 
 create or incur liens on certain assets; or 
 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets held within the securitization entities. 
 In addition, under the transaction documents related to our securitization transactions, a failure to comply with certain covenants could prevent our securitization entities from distributing any excess cash to us, which may limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 As a result of these restrictions, we may not have adequate resources or the flexibility to continue to manage the business and provide for our growth, which could adversely affect our future growth prospects, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 The securitized debt instruments issued by certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries have restrictive terms, and any failure to comply with such terms could result in default, which could adversely affect our business. 
 The securitization debt instruments are subject to a series of covenants and restrictions customary for transactions of this type, including (i) that the securitization co-issuers maintain specified reserve accounts to be used to make required payments in respect of the securitization notes, (ii) provisions relating to optional and mandatory prepayments and the related payment of specified amounts, including specified prepayment consideration in the case of the securitization term notes under certain circumstances, (iii) in the event that the securitization notes are not fully repaid by their applicable respective anticipated repayment dates, provisions relating to additional interest that will begin to accrue from and after such respective anticipated repayment dates and (iv) covenants relating to record keeping, access to information and similar matters. The securitization notes are also subject to customary amortization events, including events tied to failure to maintain stated debt service coverage ratios. The securitization notes are also subject to certain customary events of default, including events relating to non-payment of required interest, principal, or other amounts due on or with respect to the securitization notes, failure to comply with covenants within certain time frames, certain bankruptcy events, breaches of specified representations and warranties and the termination for cause of certain limited partnership agreements of investment vehicles managed by us resulting in a specified percentage decrease of annualized recurring fees. 
 In the event that an amortization event occurs under the indenture which would require repayment of the securitization debt instruments or in the event of failure to repay or refinance the securitized debt instruments prior to the anticipated repayment date, the funds available to us would be reduced, which would in turn reduce our ability to operate and/or grow our business. If our subsidiaries are not able to generate sufficient cash flow to service their debt obligations, they may need to refinance or restructure debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. If our subsidiaries are unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, they may not be able to meet debt payment and other obligations which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 Our use of leverage to finance our businesses exposes us to substantial risks. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 300 million in borrowings outstanding under our securitized financing facility, 278 million aggregate principal amount of convertible and exchangeable senior notes outstanding and approximately 4.6 billion of non-recourse investment level secured debt associated with our balance sheet investments. We may choose to finance our businesses operations through further borrowings under the securitized financing facility or by issuing additional debt. Our existing and future indebtedness exposes us to the typical risks associated with the use of leverage, including the risks related to changes in debt financing markets and higher interest rates described below. In addition, until such time as the financials of our Operating segment cease to be consolidated with our financial statements, the non-recourse debt associated with our balance sheet investments may impact assessments of our leverage by investors and rating agencies which may adversely impact our stock price and our ability to obtain and maintain favorable credit ratings. 
 Changes in the debt financing markets or higher interest rates could negatively impact the value of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access the capital markets on attractive terms, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities, lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income. 
 A significant contraction or weakening in the market for debt financing or other adverse change relating to the terms of debt financing, including higher interest rates and equity requirements and more restrictive covenants, could have a material adverse impact on our business and that of our investment funds and their portfolio companies. Additionally, higher interest rates may create downward pressure on the price of digital infrastructure assets, increase the cost and availability of debt financing for the transactions our funds may pursue and decrease the value of fixed-rate debt 
 30 

Table of Contents 

investments made by our funds. If our funds are unable to obtain committed debt financing for potential acquisitions or are only able to obtain debt financing at unfavorable interest rates or on unfavorable terms, our funds may have difficulty completing acquisitions that may have otherwise been profitable or if completed, such acquisitions could generate lower than expected profits, each of which could lead to a decrease in our net income. Further, should the equity markets experience a period of sustained declines in values as a result of concerns regarding rising interest rates, our funds may face increased difficulty in realizing value from investments. 
 Our funds portfolio companies also regularly utilize the corporate debt markets in order to obtain financing for their operations. To the extent monetary policy, tax or other regulatory changes or difficult credit markets render such financing difficult to obtain, more expensive or otherwise less attractive, this may also negatively impact the financial results of those portfolio companies and, therefore, the investment returns on our funds. In addition, to the extent that market conditions and/or tax or other regulatory changes make it difficult or impossible to refinance debt that is maturing in the near term, some of our funds portfolio companies may be unable to repay such debt at maturity and may be forced to sell assets, undergo a recapitalization or seek bankruptcy protection. 
 Increases in interest rates could adversely affect the value of our investments and cause our interest expense to increase, which could result in reduced earnings or losses and negatively affect our profitability as well as the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 The value of our investments in certain assets may decline if long-term interest rates continue to increase. Declines in the value of our investments may ultimately reduce earnings or result in losses to us, which may negatively affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders. In addition, in a period of rising interest rates, our operating results will partially depend on the difference between the income from our assets and financing costs. We anticipate that, in some cases, the income from such assets will respond more slowly to interest rate fluctuations than the cost of our borrowings. Consequently, changes in interest rates, particularly short-term interest rates, may significantly influence our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning investments and the interest expense we incur in financing these investments. Increases in these rates could decrease our net income and the market value of our assets. 
 Rising interest rates may also affect the yield on our investments or target investments and the financing cost of our debt. If rising interest rates cause us to be unable to acquire a sufficient volume of our target investments with a yield that is above our borrowing cost, our ability to satisfy our investment objectives and to generate income and pay dividends may be materially and adversely affected. Due to the foregoing, significant fluctuations in interest rates could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial conditions and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 The changes to the reference rate used in our existing floating rate debt instruments and hedging arrangements are uncertain and may adversely affect interest rates on our current or future indebtedness and could hinder our ability to maintain effective hedges, potentially resulting in adverse impacts to our business operations and financial results. 
 Our securitization variable funding notes, certain senior and junior subordinated notes and certain hedging transactions determine the applicable interest rate or payment amount by reference to a benchmark rate, such as the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or to another financial metric. The publication of the one-week and two-month US Dollar LIBOR USD LIBOR maturities and non-USD LIBOR maturities ceased immediately after December 31, 2021, and the remaining USD LIBOR maturities will cease immediately after June 30, 2023. The composition and characteristics of SOFR differ from those of LIBOR in material respects: SOFR is a secured rate, LIBOR is an unsecured rate, and while SOFR is an overnight rate, LIBOR represents interbank funding for a specified term. SOFR is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, and is based on directly observable U.S. Treasury-backed repurchase transactions. Liquidity in SOFR-linked products has increased significantly since 2021 after the implementation of the SOFR First best practice as recommended by the Market Risk Advisory Committee of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. There can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as LIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, bank credit risk, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. 
 Further, we can provide no assurance regarding when our current floating rate debt instruments and hedging arrangements will transition from LIBOR as a reference rate to SOFR or another reference rate. To date we have taken steps intended to minimize disruption in our business operations related to changes in the benchmark rate, including, where possible, by providing mechanisms in our LIBOR based instruments that permit or facilitate the movement from LIBOR to replacement benchmarks upon the occurrence of certain defined events occur related to the discontinuation of LIBOR. However, there can be no assurances that such steps will successfully minimize disruption or result in any of the benefits we anticipate. The discontinuation of a benchmark rate or other financial metric, changes in a benchmark rate or 
 31 

Table of Contents 

other financial metric, or changes in market perceptions of the acceptability of a benchmark rate or other financial metric, including LIBOR, could, among other things, result in increased interest payments, changes to our risk exposures, or require renegotiation of previous transactions. In addition, any such discontinuation or changes, whether actual or anticipated, could result in market volatility, adverse tax or accounting effects, increased compliance, legal and operational costs, and risks associated with contract negotiations. Further, confusion related to the transition from USD LIBOR to SOFR or another replacement reference rate for our floating debt and hedging instruments could have an uncertain economic effect on these instruments, hinder our ability to establish effective hedges and result in a different economic value over time for these instruments than they otherwise would have had under USD LIBOR, any of which could adversely impact our business operations and financial results. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 The market price of our class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and holders of our class A common stock could lose all or a significant portion of their investment due to drops in the market price of our class A common stock. 
 The market price of our class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. Our stockholders may not be able to resell their common stock at or above the implied price at which they acquired such common stock due to fluctuations in the market price of our class A common stock, including changes in market price caused by factors unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. Additionally, this volatility and other factors have and may continue to induce stockholder activism, which has been increasing in publicly traded companies in recent years and to which we have and continue to be subject, and could materially disrupt our business, operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 We may issue additional equity securities, which may dilute your interest in us. 
 In order to expand our business, we may consider offering class A common stock and securities that are convertible into our class A common stock and may issue additional common stock in connection with acquisitions or joint ventures. If we issue and sell additional shares of our class A common stock, the ownership interests of our existing stockholders will be diluted to the extent they do not participate in the offering. The number of shares of class A common stock that we may issue for cash in non-public offerings without stockholder approval is limited by the rules of the NYSE. However, we may issue and sell shares of our class A common stock in public offerings, and there generally are exceptions that allow companies to issue a limited number of equity securities in private offerings without stockholder approval, which could dilute your ownership. In July 2020, the OP issued 300 million in aggregate principal balance of 5.75 exchangeable senior notes due 2025 5.75 exchangeable notes ), which are exchangeable by the noteholder at any time prior to maturity into shares of our class A common stock at an exchange rate of 108.6956 shares of class A common stock per 1,000 principal amount of notes, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 78 million in aggregate principal balance of the 5.75 exchangeable notes outstanding. The exchange of some or all of the remaining exchangeable notes will further dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders, and any sales in the public market of shares of our class A common stock issuable upon such exchange of the notes could adversely affect the prevailing market price. 
 In addition, we have and may continue to issue OP Units in the OP to current employees or third parties without stockholder approval. Subject to any applicable vesting or lock-up restrictions and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the OP agreement, a holder of OP Units may elect to redeem such OP Units for cash or, at the Company's option, shares of our class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. As a result of such OP Unit issuances and potential future issuances, your ownership will be diluted. 
 Our board of directors may modify our authorized shares of stock of any class or series and may create and issue a class or series of common stock or preferred stock without stockholder approval. 
 Our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended (our "Charter"), authorizes our board of directors to, without stockholder approval, classify any unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock; reclassify any previously classified, but unissued, shares of common stock or preferred stock into one or more classes or series of stock; and issue such shares of stock so classified or reclassified. Our board of directors may determine the relative rights, preferences, and privileges of any class or series of common stock or preferred stock issued. As a result, we may issue series or classes of common stock or preferred stock with preferences, dividends, powers, and rights (voting or otherwise) senior to the rights of current holders of our class A common stock. The issuance of any such classes or series of common stock or preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control transaction that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Incorporation in Maryland 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control. 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law ("MGCL") may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or impeding a change of control that could provide our stockholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our common stock, including: 
 business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock), or an affiliate thereof, for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter imposes special appraisal rights and supermajority voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 control share provisions that provide that holders of control shares of our company (defined as voting shares which, when aggregated with all other shares owned or controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares have no voting rights except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by a board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our board of directors has, by resolution, exempted any business combination between us and any person who is an existing, or becomes in the future, an interested stockholder, provided that any such business combination is first approved by our board of directors (including a majority of the directors of our Company who are not affiliates or associates of such person). Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the supermajority vote requirements will not apply to business combinations between us and any such person. As a result, such person may be able to enter into business combinations with us that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders, without compliance with the supermajority vote requirements and the other provisions of the statute. Additionally, this resolution may be altered, revoked or repealed in whole or in part at any time and we may opt back into the business combination provisions of the MGCL. If this resolution is revoked or repealed, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. In the case of the control share provisions of the MGCL, we have elected to opt out of these provisions of the MGCL pursuant to a provision in our bylaws. 
 Conflicts of interest may exist or could arise in the future with the OP and its members, which may impede business decisions that could benefit our stockholders. 
 Conflicts of interest may exist or could arise as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and the OP or any member thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our Company and our stockholders under applicable Maryland law in connection with their management of our Company. At the same time, the Company, as sole managing member of the OP, has fiduciary duties to the OP and to its members under Delaware law in connection with the management of the OP. Our duties to the OP and its members, as the sole managing member, may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to our Company and our stockholders. As of the date of this report, Mr. Ganzi and Mr. Jenkins indirectly own approximately 1.6 and 1.4 , respectively, in the OP. These conflicts may be resolved in a manner that is not in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 Regulatory Risks 
 Extensive regulation in the United States and abroad affects our activities, increases the cost of doing business and creates the potential for significant liabilities that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations by governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. Many of these regulators, including U.S. and foreign government agencies and self-regulatory organizations and state securities commissions in the United States, are empowered to grant, and in specific circumstances to cancel, permissions to carry on particular activities, and to conduct investigations and administrative proceedings that can result in fines, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders or the suspension or expulsion of applicable licenses and memberships. 
 In recent years, the SEC and its staff have focused on issues relevant to global investment firms and have formed specialized units devoted to examining such firms and, in certain cases, bringing enforcement actions against the firms, their principals and their employees. Such actions and settlements involving U.S.-based private fund advisers generally 
 33 

Table of Contents 

have involved a number of issues, including the undisclosed allocation of the fees, costs and expenses related to unconsummated co-investment transactions (i.e., the allocation of broken deal expenses), undisclosed legal fee arrangements affording the adviser greater discounts than those afforded to funds advised by such adviser and the undisclosed acceleration of certain special fees. Recent SEC focus areas have also included, among other things, the misuse of material non-public information, material impacts on portfolio companies owned by private funds (e.g., real estate related investments) due to recent economic conditions, and compliance with practices described in fund disclosures regarding the use of limited partner advisory committees, including whether advisory committee approvals were properly obtained in accordance with fund disclosures. 
 The SEC s oversight, inspections and examinations of global investment firms, including our firm, have continued to focus on transparency, investor disclosure practices, fees and expenses, valuation and conflicts of interest and whether firms have adequate policies and procedures to ensure compliance with federal securities laws in connection with these and other areas of focus. For example, our managed companies routinely engage our affiliated entities to provide asset level services, in accordance with the relevant fund legal documents. While we believe we have procedures in place reasonably designed to monitor and make appropriate and timely disclosures regarding the engagement and compensation of our affiliated services providers and other matters of current regulatory focus, the SEC s inspections of our firm have raised concerns about these and other areas of our operations. In September 2022, Colony Capital Investment Advisors, LLC CCIA ), the investment adviser to certain legacy funds and vehicles holding legacy assets, received an information request from the SEC s Division of Enforcement related principally to certain alleged deficiencies identified in a recent examination of CCIA relating to CCIA s compliance with its fiduciary duty, duty of care and disclosure of affiliate transactions involving certain legacy businesses and operations. We expect to cooperate with the SEC staff in this investigation. Although we believe that CCIA acted in accordance with applicable legal requirements and always conducted its business in the best interests of its clients, we have taken a number of steps to improve our investor disclosures and compliance processes in response to the CCIA examination. In addition, almost all of the relevant CCIA-managed investment vehicles and related legal entities have either been sold or wound down, and CCIA has not sponsored a new client investment vehicle in over two years and has no plans to do so. Nevertheless, at this time, we cannot predict the outcome of the SEC investigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 In addition, in recent years the SEC and several states have initiated investigations alleging that certain private equity firms and hedge funds, or agents acting on their behalf, have paid money to current or former government officials or their associates in exchange for improperly soliciting contracts with the state pension funds (i.e., pay to play practices). Such pay to play practices are subject to extensive federal and state regulation, and any failure on our part to comply with rules surrounding pay to play practices could expose us to significant penalties and reputational damage. 
 Further, we expect a greater level of SEC enforcement activity under the current administration, and it is possible this enforcement activity will target practices that we believe are compliant and that were not targeted by prior administrations. We regularly are subject to requests for information and informal or formal investigations by the SEC and other regulatory authorities, with which we routinely cooperate and, in the current environment, even historical practices that have been previously examined are being revisited. Even if an investigation or proceeding does not result in a sanction or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator were small in monetary amount, the costs incurred in responding to such matters could be material and the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing investors or fail to gain new investors or discourage others from doing business with us. 
 In addition, we regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the 1940 Act, the Commodity Exchange Act and ERISA in conducting our investment activities in the United States. Similarly, in conducting our investment activities outside the United States, we rely on available exemptions from the regulatory regimes of various foreign jurisdictions. These exemptions from regulation within the United States and abroad are sometimes highly complex and may, in certain circumstances, depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not control. If for any reason these exemptions were to become unavailable to us, we could become subject to regulatory action or third-party claims and our business could be materially and adversely affected. Moreover, the requirements imposed by our regulators are designed primarily to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors in our funds and are not designed to protect our stockholders. Consequently, these regulations often serve to limit our activities and impose burdensome compliance requirements. 
 It is difficult to determine the full extent of the impact on us of any new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be proposed or whether any of the proposals will become law. Any changes in the regulatory framework applicable to our business, including the changes as a result of, among others, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, may impose additional costs on us, require the attention of our senior management or result in limitations on the manner in which we conduct our business. It is expected that the current administration will increase the number of 
 34 

Table of Contents 

financial regulations and regulators. Furthermore, we may become subject to additional regulatory and compliance burdens as we expand our product offerings and investment platform, including raising additional funds. Moreover, as calls for additional regulation have increased as a result of heightened regulatory focus in the financial industry, there may be a related increase in regulatory investigations of the trading and other investment activities of alternative asset management funds, including our managed companies. Compliance with any new laws or regulations could make compliance more difficult and expensive, affect the manner in which we conduct our business and adversely affect our profitability. 
 Failure to satisfy the 40 limitation or to qualify for an exception or exemption from registration under the 1940 Act under Rule 3a-1 or otherwise could require us to register as an investment company or substantially change the way we conduct our business, either of which may have an adverse effect on us and the market price for shares of our class A common stock. 
 We intend to conduct our operations so that we and our subsidiaries are not required to register as investment companies under the 1940 Act. Compliance with the 40 limitation on holding investment securities under the 1940 Act and maintenance of applicable exceptions or exemptions, including Rule 3a-1 which provides an exemption for a company primarily engaged in a non-investment company business based on the nature of its assets and the sources of income, impose certain requirements on how we structure our balance sheet investments and manage our sponsored funds. Continuing satisfaction of the 40 limitation or qualification for Rule 3a-1 or another exception or exemption from registration under the 1940 Act will limit our ability to make certain investments or change the relevant mix of our investments. 
 If we fail to satisfy the 40 limitation or to maintain any applicable exception or exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act, either because of changes in SEC guidance or otherwise, we could be required to, among other things: (i) substantially change the manner in which we conduct our operations and the assets that we own to avoid being required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act; or (ii) register as an investment company. Either of (i) or (ii) could have an adverse effect on us and the market price for shares of our class A common stock. If we are required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act, we would become subject to substantial regulation with respect to our capital structure (including our ability to use leverage), management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), portfolio composition, including restrictions with respect to diversification and industry concentration, and other matters. 
 Regulation regarding climate change may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in federal and state legislation and regulations on climate change could result in utility expenses and/or capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties or other related aspects of our properties in order to comply with such regulations or otherwise adapt to climate change. These regulations may require unplanned capital improvements, and increased engagement to manage occupant energy use, which is a large driver of building performance. If our properties cannot meet performance standards, we could be exposed to fines for non-compliance, as well as a decrease in demand and a decline in value. As a result, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Privacy and data protection regulations are complex and rapidly evolving areas. Any failure or alleged failure to comply with these laws could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Various federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations as well as industry standards and contractual obligations govern the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, cross-border transfer, localization, sharing, and security of the data we receive from and about our customers, employees, and other individuals. The regulatory environment for the collection and use of personal information for companies, including for those that own and manage data centers and other communications technologies, is evolving in the United States and internationally. The U.S. federal government, U.S. states, and foreign governments have enacted (or are considering) laws and regulations that may restrict our ability to collect, use, and disclose personal information and may increase or change our obligations with respect to storing or managing our own data, including our employees personal information, as well as our customers data, which may include individuals personal information. For example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR imposes detailed requirements related to the collection, storage, and use of personal information related to people located in the EU (or which is processed in the context of EU operations) and places new data protection obligations and restrictions on organizations, and may require us to make further changes to our policies and procedures in the future beyond what we have already done. In addition, in the wake of the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the EU, the United Kingdom has adopted a framework similar to the GDPR. The EU has confirmed that the UK data protection framework as being adequate to receive EU personal data. We are monitoring recent developments regarding amendments to the UK data protection framework and the impact this may have on our business. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Privacy and consumer rights groups and government bodies (including the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC )), state attorneys general, the European Commission, and data protection authorities in Europe, the UK, Singapore, and other jurisdictions, are increasingly scrutinizing privacy, and we expect such scrutiny to continue to increase. This could result in loss of competitive position, regulatory actions or increased regulatory scrutiny, litigation, breach of contract, reputational harm, damage to our stakeholder relationships, or legal liability. We cannot predict how future laws, regulations and standards, or future interpretations of current laws, regulations and standards, related to privacy and data protection will affect our business, and we cannot predict the cost of compliance. 

Risks Related to Taxation 
 Our obligations to pay income taxes will increase as a result of no longer qualifying for REIT status, effective January 1, 2022. 
 We became a taxable C Corporation effective for the taxable year ended December 31, 2022. As a REIT, we generally were permitted to deduct any dividends paid on our stock from our REIT taxable income. We reinstated the dividend on our common stock in September of 2022 and we also currently pay dividends on our approximately 828 million of outstanding preferred stock. As a result of no longer qualifying for REIT status, we will not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to our stockholders (including the preferred dividends we currently pay) in computing our taxable income and will be subject to U.S. federal and state income tax on our taxable income at corporate tax rates. This could impair our ability to satisfy our financial obligations and negatively impact the price of our securities. This treatment could also reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution to our stockholders because of the additional tax liability to us. Further, federal and state income tax rates could increase in the future, exacerbating these risks. We also will be disqualified from electing REIT status under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, through December 31, 2026. 
 We are no longer subject to the REIT distribution requirements, and as such we are not required to make annual distributions of our net income to stockholders, which could have an adverse impact on our stock price. 
 As a REIT, we were required to distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain) in order to qualify as a REIT. We no longer qualify for REIT status and became a taxable C Corporation effective for the taxable year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we are no longer required to make distributions to our stockholders, which in turn could have an adverse impact on our stock price. 
 We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of becoming a taxable C Corporation or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. 
 We believe that no longer qualifying for REIT status and becoming a taxable C Corporation will, among other things, provide us with greater flexibility to use our free cash flows as we will no longer be required to operate under the REIT rules, including the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our taxable income to our stockholders. However, the amount of our free cash flows may not meet our expectations, which may reduce, or eliminate, the anticipated benefits of the transition from a REIT to a taxable C Corporation. For example, if our cash flows do not meet our expectations, we may be unable to reduce our net recourse debt and deleverage our debt as quickly as we desire. Moreover, there can be no assurance that the anticipated benefits of the transition from a REIT to a taxable C Corporation will offset its costs, which could be greater than we expect. Our failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of the transition from a REIT to a taxable C Corporation at all, or in a timely manner, or a failure of any benefits realized to offset its costs, could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or the market price of our common stock. 
 Our ability to use capital loss and NOL carryforwards to reduce future tax payments may be limited. 
 We have capital loss and NOL carryforwards that we may be able to use to reduce the income taxes that we owe following the termination of our REIT election beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2022. However, we must have taxable income or gains in future periods to benefit from these capital loss and NOL carryforwards, and there is a risk that we may not be profitable in future periods. 
 In addition, our ability to utilize capital loss and NOL carryforwards may be limited by various tax rules, including Sections 382 and 383 of the Code which generally apply if we undergo an ownership change. Our use of capital losses or NOLs arising after the date of an ownership change generally would not be affected by the limitations under Sections 382 and 383 (unless there were another ownership change after those new losses arose). In general, an ownership change occurs if there is a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in a corporation s equity ownership by certain stockholders over a rolling three-year period. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit our use of existing state tax attributes such as NOLs. While we do not believe that we have experienced ownership changes in the past that would materially limit our ability to utilize our capital loss and NOL carryforwards, the rules under Sections 382 and 383 are complex and there is no assurance our view is correct or that an ownership change will not occur in the 
 36 

Table of Contents 

future. Also, to the extent not prohibited by our Charter we may decide in the future that it is necessary or in our interest to take certain actions, including issuing additional shares of our stock, that could result in an ownership change. In the event that we experience one or more ownership changes in the future, our ability to use our pre-change capital loss and NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset our taxable income will be subject to limitations. As a result, we may be unable to use a material portion of the capital loss and NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes, which could adversely affect our future cash flows. In addition, we may be discouraged from issuing additional common stock to raise capital or to acquire businesses or assets because such issuance may result in an ownership change that would cause the limitations imposed by Section 382 and 383 to apply to our capital loss and NOL carryforwards. 
 We may incur adverse tax consequences if we failed to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the period during which we elected to be taxed as a REIT. 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT under the U.S. federal income tax laws commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2017 and ending with our taxable year ended December 31, 2021. Our qualification as a REIT for such period depends on our having satisfied, and in some cases other REITs we have merged with having satisfied, certain gross asset, gross income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements. If the IRS challenged our characterization, valuation, and treatment of investments (including our direct or indirect interests in subsidiary REITs, each of which must satisfy the same requirements for REIT qualification) for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests for any open tax year, and if such a challenge were sustained, we could fail to qualify as a REIT for such tax year, unless we could avail ourselves of relief provisions for the applicable tax period. 
 If we failed to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year for which our REIT election was effective, we would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our taxable income for such year at the regular corporate rate, and dividends paid to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income for such year. Additionally, if any subsidiary REIT in which we own an interest fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year for which its REIT election is or was effective, it (i) would be subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income tax and (ii) would cease to be a qualifying asset for the REIT asset tests, which could have an adverse effect on our REIT qualification for any open tax year in which our REIT election was effective. Any resulting corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the value of our class A common stock. 
 We could be subject to increased taxes if the tax authorities in various international jurisdictions were to modify tax rules and regulations on which we have relied in structuring our international investments. 
 We currently receive favorable tax treatment in various international jurisdictions through tax rules, regulations, tax authority rulings, and international tax treaties. Should changes occur to these rules, regulations, rulings or treaties, we may no longer receive such benefits, and consequently, the amount of taxes we pay with respect to our international investments may increase. 
 There is a risk of changes in the tax law applicable to an investment in us. 
 The IRS, the United States Treasury Department, and Congress frequently review U.S. federal income tax legislation, regulations, and other guidance. We cannot predict whether, when, or to what extent new U.S. federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations, or rulings will be adopted. Any legislative action may prospectively or retroactively modify our tax treatment and, therefore, may adversely affect our taxation or the taxation of our stockholders. We urge you to consult with your tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory, or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our stock. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Boca Raton, Florida, where we lease approximately 31,500 square feet of office space. We also lease office space for the remaining eight corporate locations in five countries across the U.S., Europe and Asia. We believe that our offices are suitable and adequate for conducting our business. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Investment Properties Operating Segment 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company's investment properties in its Operating segment were composed of 13 hyperscale data centers in North America, and 71 colocation data centers across U.S. and Europe, providing a combined 373 megawatts of power capacity and 2.41 million rentable square feet, of which 79 of the total square footage is leased. 49 of the 84 data centers are leasehold properties. 
 The Company's portfolio included 315,000 square feet of pre-stabilized data centers (properties with more than 5 of rentable square feet currently under development or expected to be under development in the next 12 months). 
 Below is an overview of the Company's data center portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 Number of Properties Maximum Critical IT Square Feet (1) 
 ('000) 
 Leased (2) 
 Power Capacity 
 mW (3) 
 Annualized MRR (4) 
 in millions) 
 Location Owned Leased Total Hyperscale Data Centers North America California 8 8 529 100 122 180 Washington 2 2 112 100 22 32 Canada 3 3 136 85 33 40 13 13 777 97 177 252 Colocation Data Centers North America Arizona 3 3 8 43 1 2 California 1 5 6 94 75 14 37 Colorado 3 1 4 63 71 9 25 Florida 1 1 11 88 2 6 Georgia 2 2 124 54 15 15 Illinois 4 4 91 79 14 39 Indiana 2 2 54 90 6 21 Kansas 2 1 3 17 62 3 12 Maryland (5) 
 1 1 13 Massachusetts 1 1 6 85 1 1 Minnesota 1 3 4 72 74 7 25 Nevada 1 1 30 67 2 18 New Jersey 2 2 40 58 5 10 New York 2 2 25 82 2 29 Ohio 1 1 5 56 4 Pennsylvania 1 2 3 74 89 7 17 Tennessee 1 1 6 95 2 Texas 6 7 13 538 65 52 151 Utah 5 1 6 183 81 35 58 Virginia 1 2 3 97 67 13 22 Washington 2 2 12 73 1 3 Europe France 5 5 54 77 2 11 United Kingdom 1 1 24 3 5 1 22 49 71 1,628 70 196 522 35 49 84 2,405 79 373 774 _______ 
 (1) Represents rentable square footage with available power capacity. 
 (2) Percentage of rentable square footage under lease contracts, including leases that have not commenced billing. 
 (3) Represents power capacity that has been installed and available to support customer information technology load. 
 (4) Monthly recurring revenue ("MRR") is revenue from ongoing services that is generally fixed in price and contracted for longer than 30 days. Annualized MRR is calculated as MRR for the last month of the period multiplied by 12. 
 (5) Not a colocation site. Revenues earned through data center services. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

The Company's data centers are leased to approximately 2,900 customers, with its largest customers in the information technology and communications sectors. The Company's top 10 customers based upon annualized MRR as of December 31, 2022 are summarized below. 
 Customer Industry Number of Properties with Leased Space of Total Portfolio Annualized MRR 1 Software Services 13 19.2 2 Semiconductors Semiconductor Equipment 11 5.7 3 Telecommunication Services 20 5.5 4 Technology Hardware Equipment 3 2.1 5 Capital Goods 1 1.7 6 Real Estate 6 1.7 7 Media Entertainment 8 1.5 8 Technology Hardware Equipment 3 1.4 9 Technology Hardware Equipment 1 1.2 10 Technology Hardware Equipment 1 1.0 41.0 
 A listing of the Company's investment properties is also included in Schedule III. Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation in Item 15. "Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules" of this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 The information set forth under " Litigation " in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our class A common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol DBRG. 
 Our class B common stock is not publicly traded, and is described in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 Holders of Common Equity 
 On February 21, 2023, there were 2,251 holders of our class A common stock and one holder of our class B common stock (which, in each case, does not reflect the beneficial ownership of shares held in nominee name). 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 In August 2022, the Company effectuated a one-for-four reverse stock split of its outstanding shares of class A and class B common stock. The number of authorized shares of common stock was not adjusted in connection with the reverse stock split, however, the Company intends to seek stockholder approval to make a proportional change to the number of authorized shares of class A and class B common stock at its next annual meeting of stockholders. Par value of common stock was proportionately increased from 0.01 to 0.04 per share. Throughout this Annual Report, common stock share and per share information, including OP units and stock award units, as well as the Company's senior note conversion or exchange ratio in common stock shares, have been revised for all periods presented to give effect to the reverse stock split. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive distributions only if and when our board of directors authorizes and declares distributions. Our board of directors has not established any minimum distribution level. No distributions can be paid on our common stock unless we have paid all cumulative dividends on our outstanding preferred stock. 
 We reinstated quarterly common stock dividends in the third quarter of 2022, having previously suspended common stock dividends for the second quarter of 2020 through the second quarter of 2022. Common stock dividends were 0.01 per share for each of the third and fourth quarters of 2022. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 Pursuant to a stock repurchase program authorized by our board of directors in July 2022, the Company may repurchase up to 200 million of its outstanding shares of class A common stock and/or preferred stock through various methods, including open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated share repurchases, open market solicitations and Rule 10b5-1 plans. The stock repurchase program expires on June 30, 2023 and may be extended, modified, or discontinued at any time. 
 The following table presents information related to purchases of the Company's class A common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Weighted Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Maximum Approximate Dollar Value that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program in thousands) October 1 through October 31, 2022 3,250,450 12.71 3,250,450 92,430 November 1 through November 30, 2022 92,430 December 1 through December 31, 2022 92,430 Total (1) 
 3,250,450 12.71 3,250,450 92,430 _______ 
 (1) Represent stock purchases pursuant to the repurchase program described above. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return on our class A common stock with the cumulative total returns on the Standard Poor s 500 Composite Stock Price Index S P 500 ), MSCI US REIT Index ("RMZ"), and Dow Jones U.S. Asset Managers Index ("DJUSAG") from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. Beginning 2022, DJUSAG is selected as the most comparable industry index to replace RMZ. This change is consistent with DBRG's current core business of investment management and with DBRG no longer maintaining REIT status effective 2022. 
 The graph assumes an investment of 100 in our common stock and each of the indices on December 31, 2017 and the reinvestment of all dividends. The cumulative total return on our class A common stock as presented is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto, which are included in Item 15. "Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules" of this Annual Report. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Significant Developments 
 The following summarizes significant developments that affected our business and results of operations in 2022 and through February 2023. 
 Transition To Taxable C Corporation 
 We have discontinued actions necessary to maintain qualification as a REIT for 2022, and will be taxed as a C-Corporation. Without the constraints of maintaining REIT status, we have more flexibility to execute various strategic initiatives, including the redemption of Wafra, as discussed below. Incremental tax burden is not expected to be significant in the near term given the availability of significant capital loss and NOL carryforwards and that our investment management business, prior to the transition, was already taxable under a TRS. 
 Capitalization and Financing 
 Effective April 2022, the availability under our Series 2021-1 Secured Fund Fee Revenue Variable Funding Notes ("VFN") was increased by 100 million to 300 million. 
 We continue to reduce higher cost corporate indebtedness through (i) early exchange of an additional 60 million of senior notes in March 2022 for shares of our class A common stock and cash, resulting in 74 of the original issuance exchanged to-date; and (ii) repurchase of 52.6 million of preferred stock at a discount to par or a weighted average price of 23.62 per share, generating future savings in interest and preferred dividends. 
 55 million of class A common stock in aggregate was repurchased in September and October 2022 at a weighted average price of 13.09 per share. 
 A one-for-four reverse stock split of our common stock was effectuated in August 2022. 
 We reinstated quarterly common stock dividends at 0.01 per share beginning the third quarter of 2022. 
 Digital Business 
 Investment Management segment 
 In February 2023, we completed our previously announced acquisition of InfraBridge (formerly AMP Capital's global infrastructure equity business) for 316 million (excluding net working capital), subject to customary post-closing adjustments, plus potential contingent payments based upon future fundraising for InfraBridge's third and fourth flagship funds under the Global Infrastructure Fund ("GIF") series. The acquisition comprises InfraBridge's investment management platform, fund sponsor investments, and retained performance fees. 
 The acquisition further scales our investment management business. InfraBridge s global infrastructure equity platform will be a strategic fit alongside our value-add equity franchise, enhancing our capabilities in the mid-market segment. The acquisition added 5.6 billion in fee earning equity under management ("FEEUM"), comprising GIF II and GIF I investment funds, as well as co-investment vehicles, and is expected to be immediately accretive to our fee related earnings. 
 In 2022, we received our share of carried interest distributions of 32.6 million (net of allocation to employees and to Wafra) in connection with the DataBank recapitalization and sales of investments by DBP I and DBP II. 
 In May 2022, we redeemed Wafra's 31.5 interest in our investment management business and Wafra sold or gave up its carried interest entitlement from future (not existing) investment management products. Consideration for the redemption was valued at 862 million at closing, consisting of: (i) net cash paid of 388.5 million; (ii) issuance of 14.4 million shares of our class A common stock valued at 349 million at closing; and (iii) contingent amount up to 125 million based upon future capital raise thresholds, payable to Wafra in March 2023 for portion earned in 2022 and March 2024 for any remaining portion earned in 2023, with up to 50 payable in common stock at our election. Based upon capital raised in 2022, 90 million of the contingent amount is payable in March 2023. 
 Following the redemption, 100 of net cash flows from our fee business accrue to us, and we are entitled to 100 of carried interest net of management allocations from future investment products. The transaction is described further in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Operating segment 
 The partial recapitalization of DataBank in the second half of 2022 resulted in the sale of a portion of DataBank's equity interest to new investors totaling 2.0 billion. Our ownership interest in DataBank decreased from 20 as of December 2021 to 11.0 as of December 2022. Our share of proceeds from the sale totaled 425 million including our share of carried interest, net of allocation to employees. The recapitalization implies a pre-transaction net equity value of our ownership in DataBank of 905 million, reflecting a 2.0x multiple of invested capital since our initial investment in DataBank in December 2019. The incremental third party capital raised through the recapitalization also translates into additional fee income in our Investment Management segment. 
 As the transaction involved a change in ownership of a consolidated subsidiary, it was accounted for as an equity transaction. The difference between the book value of our interest and our ownership based upon the current value of DataBank resulted in an increase to equity of 230 million. 
 Other 
 DBP I and DBP II each had its first sale of investment in 2022 which generated 24 million of distributions to us (excluding carried interest described above). At December 31, 2022, we had investments of 97 million in DBP I and 102 million in DBP II as general partner and limited partner. 
 In June 2022, we acquired the mobile telecommunications tower business TowerCo of Telenet Group Holding NV (Euronext Brussels: TNET, "Telenet") for 740 million or 791 million (including transaction costs) . The acquisition was funded through 326 million of debt, 278 million of equity from the Company, and 214 million of third party equity (at acquisition date exchange rate), including funding for transaction costs, debt issuance costs and working capital. In December 2022, our interest in the temporarily warehoused TowerCo investment was transferred to our new sponsored fund and TowerCo was deconsolidated. We received a return of our capital plus a holding fee of an aggregate 282 million (at transfer date exchange rate). 
 Non-Digital Business 
 We recorded an other-than-temporary impairment of 60 million on our investment in BRSP in 2022. Given the continuing market volatility, our anticipated hold period may not be sufficient to allow for a recovery of BRSP's stock price relative to the carrying value of our investment in BRSP. 
 
 Assets Under Management and Fee Earning Equity Under Management 
 Below is a summary of our AUM and FEEUM. 
 Type Products Description December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets under Management (1) 
 51.3 43.6 Fee Earning Equity under Management (2) 
 Institutional Funds DBP infrastructure equity Earns management fees and potential for carried interest or incentive fees 11.2 11.2 Core Equity, DigitalBridge Credit and Liquid Strategies 2.0 0.8 Other Investment Vehicles Digital co-invest vehicles Earns management fees, business service fees from portfolio companies, and potential for carried interest 6.5 4.2 Digital infrastructure held by portfolio companies 2.5 2.1 22.2 18.3 
 __________ 
 (1) AUM is composed of (a) third party managed capital for which the Company and its affiliates provide investment management services, including assets for which the Company may or may not charge management fees and/or performance allocations; and (b) assets invested using the Company's own balance sheet capital and managed on behalf of the Company's shareholders. Third party AUM is based upon the cost basis of managed investments as reported by each underlying vehicle as of the reporting date and may include uncalled capital commitments. Balance sheet AUM is based upon the undepreciated carrying value of the Company's balance sheet investments as of the reporting date. The Company's calculation of AUM may differ from other investment managers, and as a result, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other investment managers. 
 (2) FEEUM is equity for which the Company and its affiliates provide investment management services and derive management fees and/or incentives. FEEUM generally represents the basis used to derive fees, which may be based upon invested equity, stockholders equity, or fair value, pursuant to the terms of each underlying investment management agreement. The Company's calculation of FEEUM may differ from other investment managers, and as a result, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other investment managers. 
 FEEUM increased by 3.9 billion or 21 to 22.2 billion at December 31, 2022, reflecting primarily capital raised in the recapitalization of DataBank and the closing of our new Core Equity fund. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

The acquisition of InfraBridge's global infrastructure equity platform in February 2023 added 5.6 billion of FEEUM. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference herein, for comparative discussion of our consolidated results of operations for the prior year periods of 2021 and 2020. 
 The Company's current business and operations reflect the completion in February 2022 of its transformation from a REIT and investment manager of a diversified real estate portfolio into an investment manager focused primarily on digital infrastructure. The disposition of its hotel portfolio (March 2021), Other Equity and Debt ("OED") investments and non-digital investment management ("Other IM") business (December 2021), and Wellness Infrastructure portfolio (February 2022) each represented a strategic shift in the Company's business that had a significant effect on the Company s operations and financial results, and accordingly, had met the criteria as discontinued operations. For all current and prior periods presented, the related assets and liabilities, to the extent they have not been disposed at the respective balance sheet dates, are presented as assets and liabilities held for disposition on the consolidated balance sheets, and the related operating results are presented as discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 A comparative discussion of our consolidated results of operations for 2022 and 2021 is presented below. 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated results from continuing operations by reportable segment. 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Continuing operations Total revenues Investment Management 182,045 191,682 (9,637) Operating 884,874 763,199 121,675 Corporate and Other 77,653 10,918 66,735 1,144,572 965,799 178,773 Income (loss) from continuing operations Investment Management 186,084 90,915 95,169 Operating (330,331) (230,841) (99,490) Corporate and Other (277,046) (76,897) (200,149) (421,293) (216,823) (204,470) Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. Investment Management 69,884 51,531 18,353 Operating (53,178) (36,664) (16,514) Corporate and Other (228,410) (87,506) (140,904) (211,704) (72,639) (139,065) 
 Revenues 
 Total revenues increased 18.5 to 1.1 billion. 
 Investment Management Revenues were 5 lower at 182.0 million. 2021 had included incentive fees from our Liquid Strategies. Management fees increased marginally in 2022 with the effect of additional capital raises largely offset by a catch-up of DBP II fees in 2021 and one-time fee adjustments in 2022. 
 Supplemental performance measures of the Investment Management segment are presented under " Non-GAAP Measures." 
 Operating Revenues were higher in 2022, resulting from data center acquisitions, additional lease-up of expanded capacity in Vantage SDC, and a one-time lease termination fee at Vantage SDC. 
 Corporate and Other Higher revenues in 2022 reflect primarily lease income from the warehoused tower business acquired in June 2022, and interest income from credit investments originated in 2020 through early 2022. These warehoused investments were transferred to our new sponsored funds in the second half of 2022. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Net loss from continuing operations attributable to DBRG increased 191 to 211.7 million, driven by a one-time non-cash loss in Corporate and Other. 
 Investment Management Net income attributable to DBRG increased 35.6 to 69.9 million. Subsequent to the redemption of Wafra's 31.5 interest in Investment Management in May 2022, 100 of net income in Investment Management is attributed to DBRG. 2022 net income included our share of carried interest, net of allocation to employees, of 63.7 million (of which 32.6 million has been distributed to us). Tempering this effect is an increase in operating costs as we continue to ramp up resources and invest in our growing Investment Management segment. 
 Operating Our Operating segment generally records a net loss, taking into account the effects of real estate depreciation and intangible asset amortization. Our share of net loss reflects a 13 ownership in Vantage SDC and our interest in DataBank, which decreased from 20 as of December 2021 to 11 as of December 2022. Net loss was lower in 2021 due to a large deferred tax benefit from write-off of deferred tax liabilities at DataBank, resulting from DataBank's election of REIT status beginning with the 2021 taxable year. 
 Corporate and Other Net loss generally reflects corporate level costs that have not been allocated to our reportable segments, primarily interest expense on senior notes and compensation and administrative expenses. Also included are the effects of fair value changes on investments carried at fair value, including our share of earnings from our fund investments. The larger net loss in 2022 was driven by a 133.2 million non-cash loss recognized in connection with an early exchange of our 5.75 exchangeable notes in March 2022 (refer to Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report). 
 45 

Table of Contents 

A more detailed discussion of key components of revenue and income (loss) from continuing operations follows. 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Revenues Property operating income 927,506 762,750 164,756 Fee income 172,673 180,826 (8,153) Interest income 30,107 8,791 21,316 Other income 14,286 13,432 854 Total revenues 1,144,572 965,799 178,773 Expenses Property operating expense 389,445 316,178 73,267 Interest expense 198,498 186,949 11,549 Investment expense 33,887 28,257 5,630 Transaction-related costs 10,129 5,781 4,348 Depreciation and amortization 576,911 539,695 37,216 Compensation expense, including incentive fee and carried interest allocation 447,543 301,875 145,668 Administrative expenses 123,184 109,490 13,694 Total expenses 1,779,597 1,488,225 291,372 Other income (loss) Other loss, net (170,555) (21,412) (149,143) Equity method earnings, including carried interest 397,754 226,477 171,277 Loss before income taxes (407,826) (317,361) (90,465) Income tax benefit (expense) (13,467) 100,538 (114,005) Loss from continuing operations (421,293) (216,823) (204,470) Loss from discontinued operations (148,704) (600,088) 451,384 Net loss (569,997) (816,911) 246,914 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests: Redeemable noncontrolling interests (26,778) 34,677 (61,455) Investment entities (189,053) (500,980) 311,927 Operating Company (32,369) (40,511) 8,142 Net loss attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (321,797) (310,097) (11,700) Preferred stock repurchases/redemptions (1,098) 4,992 (6,090) Preferred stock dividends 61,567 70,627 (9,060) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (382,266) (385,716) 3,450 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Property Operating Income and Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Property operating income Operating segment Lease income 806,965 701,706 105,259 Data center service revenue 77,561 61,044 16,517 884,526 762,750 121,776 Other Lease income 42,980 42,980 927,506 762,750 164,756 Property operating expense Operating segment 376,255 316,178 60,077 Other 13,190 13,190 389,445 316,178 73,267 
 Operating Segment 
 Property operating income and expense are higher in 2022, reflecting operating results from additional acquisitions. These include DataBank's acquisition of four data centers in March 2022, and within the Vantage SDC portfolio, an add-on acquisition in October 2021 and additional lease-up of expanded capacity and existing inventory throughout 2021 and 2022. Additionally, 2022 included 6.0 million of fees received from lease terminations in the Vantage SDC portfolio. 
 Total real estate carrying value in our Operating segment increased to 5.92 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 4.97 billion at December 31, 2021 following the DataBank March 2022 acquisition. 
 At December 31, 2022, our Operating segment portfolio includes 75 data centers in the U.S., three in Canada, one in the U.K., and five in France. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Operating segment Number of data centers (1) 
 Owned 35 28 Leasehold 49 50 84 78 (In thousands, except Max Critical I.T. Square Feet or Total Rentable Square Feet 
 2,405 1,949 Leased Square Feet 
 1,888 1,553 Utilization Rate Leased) 
 78 80 
 __________ 
 (1) In 2022, DataBank acquired a previously leased data center. 
 On a same store basis, property operating income and expense also increased in 2022, driven by the Vantage SDC portfolio, attributable to lease termination fees and increase in leased square footage from lease-up of expanded capacity and existing inventory. 
 Other 
 This represents property operating income and expense from the tower business acquired in June 2022. Our interest in the temporarily warehoused investment was transferred to our new sponsored fund and the investment was deconsolidated in December 2022. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Fee Income 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Investment Management Management fees 
 169,922 168,618 1,304 Incentive fees 
 7,174 (7,174) Other fee income 
 2,751 5,034 (2,283) 172,673 180,826 (8,153) 
 Fee income was 8.2 million lower in 2022. The decrease was driven by an absence of incentive fees from our Liquid Strategies 7.2 million in 2021) given the unfavorable performance of equity markets in 2022, lower service fees from portfolio companies following the expiration of a service agreement in the fourth quarter of 2021, and a one-time advisory fee in 2021. Management fees increased 1.3 million in 2022, There were higher management fees in 2022 attributed to capital raised through the recapitalization of DataBank, new co-investment vehicles, sub-advisory accounts and additional capital calls by directly managed portfolio companies. However, this was largely offset by a catch-up of DBP II fees in 2021 for the 2020 period and one-time fee adjustments in 2022, including for excess organizational costs of DBP II which were credited to investors as a fee reduction. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income was 21.3 million higher at 30.1 million in 2022. The increase can be attributed to warehoused credit investments originated or acquired during 2022, paid-in-kind interest on an unsecured promissory note in connection with the sale of our Wellness Infrastructure business in February 2022, and interest earned on money market deposits. 
 Other Income 
 Other income increased 0.9 million to 14.3 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to dividend income from our equity interest in a third party non-traded REIT and loan origination fees earned in connection with a loan syndication, partially offset by lower professional service fees incurred on behalf of and reimbursable by our managed investment vehicles. 
 Interest Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Investment Management segment 10,872 4,766 6,106 Operating segment 
 159,409 125,387 34,022 Other investment-level debt 11,734 660 11,074 Corporate-level debt 16,483 56,136 (39,653) 198,498 186,949 11,549 
 Investment Management Segment This represents interest on the portion of our securitized financing facility allocated to the Investment Management segment. Interest expense for 2022 reflects a full year of expense compared to a partial year for 2021, as the securitization closed in July 2021, as well as additional expense from drawdowns on the VFN during 2022. 
 Operating Segment The increase of 34.0 million is attributable to the following: (i) additional debt raised through securitization transactions by DataBank and Vantage SDC during 2021; (ii) new financing for DataBank's acquisition of four data centers in March 2022; (iii) our securitized financing facility beginning July 2021 which is partially allocated to the Operating segment; and (iv) higher variable interest rates. 
 At December 31, 2022, our data center portfolio was financed by an aggregate 4.63 billion of outstanding debt principal 4.22 billion at December 31, 2021), primarily fixed rate securitized debt, bearing a combined weighted average interest rate of 3.71 per annum (2.88 per annum at December 31, 2021). 
 Other Investment-level Debt This represents interest expense on: (i) debt partially funding the acquisition of tower assets in June 2022 prior to the transfer to our new sponsored fund in December 2022; (ii) our securitized financing facility beginning in July 2021 that is partially allocated to our DigitalBridge Credit and Liquid Strategies investments on the balance sheet; and (iii) credit facilities previously financing warehoused loans which were repaid following the transfer of loans to a third party sponsored collateralized loan obligation ("CLO") in the third quarter of 2022. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Corporate-level Debt Interest expense decreased 39.7 million in 2022. The decrease was driven by higher interest expense in 2021 due to: (i) 25.1 million of debt conversion expense in connection with an early exchange of 161 million of our 5.75 exchangeable notes into class A common stock in the fourth quarter; and (ii) interest expense on our corporate credit facility that was terminated in July 2021. The early exchange of our 5.75 exchangeable notes in 2021 along with an additional 60 million in March 2022 resulted in the extinguishment of higher cost corporate debt, which contributed to lower interest expense in 2022. 
 Investment Expense 
 Investment expense increased 5.6 million to 33.9 million in 2022. The increase is attributable largely to compensatory expense recognized in connection with equity awards granted to the management team of Vantage Data Centers Holdings, LLC ("Vantage") who performs the day-to-day operations of Vantage SDC, higher management fees paid to Vantage as a result of the add-on acquisition in October 2021, and professional service fees incurred in the tower investment in 2022. These increases were partially offset by lower costs in 2022 in connection with transition services for DataBank's acquisition of zColo. 
 Transaction-Related Costs 
 Transaction-related costs increased by 4.3 million to 10.1 million in 2022, attributed to the acquisition of InfraBridge, partially offset by lower costs related to unconsummated investments. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Increase in depreciation and amortization can be attributed to real estate and intangible assets acquired through the Vantage SDC add-on acquisition in October 2021, DataBank's four new data centers in March 2022, and tower assets in June 2022. 2022 also included accelerated amortization of lease intangibles in connection with an early lease termination in the Vantage SDC portfolio. The increase was partially offset by (i) accelerated amortization recognized in the first quarter of 2021 on a trade name intangible in anticipation of the Company's name change in June 2021; and (ii) a decrease in amortization expense on lease intangibles following the expiration of short term leases in our colocation data center business. 
 Compensation Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Cash compensation and benefits 201,716 197,717 3,999 Equity-based compensation 33,441 38,268 (4,827) Incentive and carried interest compensation 202,286 65,890 136,396 437,443 301,875 135,568 Equity-based compensation Databank Recapitalization 
 10,100 10,100 447,543 301,875 145,668 
 Compensation expense increased 135.6 million, excluding accelerated equity awards resulting from the DataBank recapitalization as discussed below. The increase is driven by carried interest compensation in 2022, representing a portion of realized and unrealized carried interest from our sponsored investment vehicles that are shared with certain employees. Unrealized carried interest and corresponding compensation amounts are subject to adjustments each period, including reversals, until such time they are realized, based upon the cumulative performance of the underlying investments of the respective vehicles that are carried at fair value. 
 Additionally, there was an increase in cash compensation in 2022, driven by (i) higher headcount supporting our growing investment management business and at DataBank following the expiration of a transitional services arrangement in connection with its zColo acquisition and expansion of its data center portfolio; and (ii) higher allocation of the contingent consideration received from Wafra as additional management compensation in 2022 (refer to Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report). These increases were partially offset by significant severance payments in 2021. 
 Equity-based compensation, however, decreased in 2022, attributed largely to stock award acceleration in 2021 and reversal of expense in 2022 related to dividend equivalent rights which are subject to fair value adjustments. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

The DataBank recapitalization transaction in October 2022 triggered an accelerated vesting of certain profits interest units that had been issued by DataBank to its employees. As a result, 10 million of additional equity based compensation was recorded for the Operating segment, of which 7.8 million was attributable to noncontrolling interests in investment entities. 
 Administrative Expenses 
 Administrative expenses increased 13.7 million to 123.2 million in 2022. The increase is due to higher legal costs in 2022, which more than offset placement fees incurred in fundraising for DBP II in 2021. 
 Other Loss 
 Other loss increased by 149.1 million from 21.4 million in 2021 to 170.6 million in 2022. 
 Losses in the 2022 were driven by: (i) a non-cash debt extinguishment loss of 133.2 million in connection with an early exchange of our 5.75 exchangeable notes (refer to Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements); (ii) fair value decrease in marketable equity securities held by our consolidated liquid funds, net of offsetting fair value changes on short positions; (iii) fair value decrease in credit investments given the rising interest rate environment (prior to transfer of warehoused investments to a third party sponsored CLO and to our sponsored fund in August and December 2022); and (iv) decrease in the net asset value ("NAV") of our equity investment in a non-traded healthcare REIT. These losses were partially offset by a 63.7 million gain to recognize a decrease in fair value of the warrants issued to Wafra from its initial measurement in May 2022 (refer to Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements). 
 In the 2021, the losses were driven by a write-off of an equity investment that was determined to be unrecoverable and an increase in value of the settlement liability with Blackwells Capital, LLC ("Blackwells") prior to its settlement in June 2021 (refer to Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report). These losses were partially offset by fair value increases on marketable equity securities. 
 Equity Method Earnings 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Investment Management 382,463 101,811 280,652 Other 15,291 124,666 (109,375) 397,754 226,477 171,277 
 Investment Management These amounts represent predominantly gross carried interest from our general partner interests in sponsored investment vehicles prior to allocations to management. 2022 included 152.5 million of gross carried interest distributed in connection with the recapitalization of DataBank and sales of investments by DBP I and DBP II. There was also higher unrealized gross carried interest recognized for DBP I and DBP II in 2022. Our share of net carried interest after management allocations was 63.7 million (of which 32.6 million has been distributed to us) in 2022 and 20.3 million unrealized in 2021. 
 Unrealized carried interest is subject to adjustments each period, including reversals, based upon the cumulative performance of the underlying investments of these vehicles that are measured at fair value, until such time as the carried interest is realized. In the interim period, carried interest may be reversed as a function of continuing accrual of preferred returns over time while fair value of underlying investments remain largely consistent. 
 Other The equity method gain in 2022 can be attributed to our share of net income from BRSP and earnings from our investment in DBP I and DBP II, representing distributions from realized investments and unrealized fair value increases on the investments of these funds. These gains were largely offset by 60.4 million of impairment charge recorded in the third and fourth quarter of 2022 on our equity investment in BRSP. 
 The equity method gain in 2021 was driven by: 
 44.3 million gain from our equity investment in a healthcare real estate investor/manager following an acquisition of the investee in conjunction with a merger of the investee's co-sponsored non-traded REITs. In connection with this transaction, we received distributions of 7.8 million cash and units in the operating company of the newly combined non-traded healthcare REIT, valued at its net asset value. 
 our share of earnings from our investment in DBP I and DBP II, driven by unrealized fair value changes on their underlying investments. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

fair value increases on an equity method investment that had been accounted for under the fair value option. Beginning May 2021, the equity investment is accounted for as a marketable equity security following a merger of the investee into a special purpose acquisition company. 
 our share of net income from BRSP and gain from partial sale of our BRSP shares. 
 Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 There was an income tax expense of 13.5 million in 2022 and an income tax benefit of 100.5 million in 2021. 
 Income tax expense in 2022 reflects primarily the establishment of valuation allowance against the Company's deferred tax asset balance. With respect to deferred tax assets recognized during the year, as these were largely associated with full valuation allowance, there was no resulting net effect to the income tax provision in 2022. Realizability of deferred tax assets is discussed further in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, included in Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 The deferred tax benefit in 2021 was driven primarily by a write-off of significant deferred tax liabilities at DataBank, attributed to DataBank's election of REIT status beginning with the 2021 taxable year, and also NOL generated by the Company's previously designated TRS. 
 Loss from Discontinued Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Revenues Revenues 90,412 843,659 (753,247) Expenses (248,184) (1,282,168) 1,033,984 Other gain (loss) 6,320 (111,679) 117,999 Income tax benefit (expense) 2,748 (49,900) 52,648 Loss from discontinued operations (148,704) (600,088) 451,384 Loss from discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interests: Investment entities (29,145) (337,685) 308,540 Operating Company (9,466) (24,945) 15,479 Loss from discontinued operations attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (110,093) (237,458) 127,365 
 Discontinued operations represent primarily the operations of the following businesses: (1) Wellness Infrastructure prior to its disposition in February 2022; (2) opportunistic investments in our OED portfolio and credit investment management business in Other IM prior to disposition of our equity interest and deconsolidation in December 2021; and (3) the Company's hotel business prior to its disposition in March 2021, with the remaining hotel portfolio that was in receivership sold by the lender in September 2021. 
 The net loss in 2022 is attributed to the disposition of NRF Holdco, LLC ("NRF Holdco") in February 2022, specifically, a write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs on the Wellness Infrastructure debt assumed by the buyer, impairment loss based upon final carrying value of the Wellness Infrastructure net assets upon disposition, and a write-down in value of an equity investment upon disposition of its remaining assets. 
 The net loss in 2021 was driven by significant impairment expense and decreases in asset fair values based upon the selling price of our Wellness Infrastructure and OED portfolios. Impairment of our investment assets in 2021 were largely offset by various gains recognized during the period, including a gain on extinguishment of debt on our hotel portfolio that was sold in September 2021. 
 A detailed income statement on discontinued operations is included in Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Preferred Stock Repurchases/Redemptions 
 In the third quarter of 2022, net loss attributable to common stockholders was reduced by 1.1 million, reflecting the discount on the repurchases of preferred stock. 
 In connection with the redemption of Series G in August 2021 and Series H in November 2021, net loss attributable to common stockholders was increased by 5.0 million, representing the excess of the 25.00 per share redemption price over the carrying value of the preferred stock which was net of issuance cost. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Supplemental Financial Measures 
 Following our decision not to maintain qualification as a REIT for 2022, we no longer present Funds From Operations, a supplemental non-GAAP measure commonly used by equity REITs. 
 Resulting from the significant growth in our investment management business, effective the second quarter of 2022, we report Distributable Earnings, Adjusted Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization Adjusted EBITDA and, specific to our Investment Management segment, Fee Related Earnings FRE as non-GAAP financial measures attributable to the Operating Company, which more closely align the key performance metrics of our core business to the alternative investment management industry. 
 We use these non-GAAP financial measures in evaluating the Company s business performance and in making operating decisions. As we evaluate profitability based upon continuing operations, these non-GAAP measures exclude results from discontinued operations. 
 These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered alternatives to GAAP net income or loss as indicators of operating performance, or to cash flows from operating activities as measures of liquidity, nor as indicators of the availability of funds for our cash needs, including funds available to make distributions. Our calculation of these non-GAAP measures may differ from methodologies utilized by other companies for similarly titled performance measures and, as a result, may not be directly comparable to those calculated by other companies in similar lines of business. 
 Results of our non-GAAP measures attributable to the Operating Company were as follows: 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Attributable to Operating Company: Distributable Earnings 37,060 Adjusted EBITDA 108,278 Investment Management FRE 83,474 
 Distributable Earnings 
 Distributable Earnings is an after-tax measure that differs from GAAP net income or loss from continuing operations as a result of the following adjustments, including adjustment for our share of similar items recognized by our equity method investments: transaction-related costs; restructuring charges (primarily severance and retention costs); realized and unrealized gains and losses, except realized gains and losses related to digital assets, including fund investments, in Corporate and Other; depreciation, amortization and impairment charges; debt prepayment penalties and amortization of deferred financing costs, debt premiums and debt discounts; our share of unrealized carried interest, net of associated compensation expense; equity-based compensation expense; equity method earnings, except fund investments, to reflect only cash dividends declared by BRSP; effect of straight-line lease income and expense; impairment of equity investments directly attributable to decrease in value of depreciable real estate held by the investee; non-revenue enhancing capital expenditures necessary to maintain operating real estate; and income tax effect on certain of the foregoing adjustments. Income taxes included in DE reflect the benefit of deductions arising from certain expenses that are excluded from the calculation of DE, such as equity-based compensation, as these deductions do decrease actual income tax paid or payable by the Company in any one period. 
 We believe that DE is a meaningful supplemental measure as it reflects the ongoing operating performance of our core business by generally excluding items that are non-core in nature, and allows for better comparability of operating results period-over-period and to other companies in similar lines of business. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA represents DE adjusted to exclude: interest expense as included in DE, income tax expense or benefit as included in DE, preferred stock dividends, equity method earnings as included in DE, placement fee expense, our share of realized carried interest and incentive fees net of associated compensation expense, certain investment costs for capital raising that are not reimbursable by our sponsored funds, and capital expenditures as deducted in DE. 
 We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a meaningful supplemental measure of performance because it presents the Company s operating performance independent of its capital structure, leverage and non-cash items, which allows for better comparability against entities with different capital structures and income tax rates. However, because Adjusted EBITDA is calculated before recurring cash charges including interest expense and taxes and does not deduct capital expenditures or other recurring cash requirements, its usefulness as a performance measure may be limited. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Distributable Earnings and Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Net loss attributable to common stockholders (382,266) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in Operating Company (32,369) Net loss attributable to Operating Company (414,635) Transaction-related and restructuring charges 100,989 Other (gains) losses, net (excluding realized gains or losses related to digital assets and fund investments in Corporate and Other) 178,769 Unrealized carried interest, net of associated compensation expense (117,466) Equity-based compensation expense 54,232 Depreciation and amortization 589,582 Straight-line rent (revenue) and expense, net (21,462) Amortization of acquired above- and below-market lease values, net (78) Impairment loss 35,985 Non-revenue enhancing capital expenditures (40,515) Debt prepayment penalties and amortization of deferred financing costs, debt premiums and debt discounts 114,902 Adjustment to equity method earnings, excluding fund investments, to reflect BRSP cash dividend declared 574 Income tax effect on certain of the foregoing adjustments (534) Adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interests in investment entities (1) 
 (430,061) DE of discontinued operations (13,222) Distributable Earnings, after tax attributable to Operating Company 
 37,060 Adjustments attributable to Operating Company : 
 Interest expense included in DE 57,525 Income tax expense included in DE 13,266 Preferred stock dividends 61,567 Equity method earnings included in DE (38,800) Realized carried interest, net of associated compensation expense (31,463) Non-revenue enhancing capital expenditures deducted from DE 8,892 Non pro-rata allocation of income (loss) to noncontrolling interests 231 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to Operating Company 
 108,278 
 __________ 
 (1) Noncontrolling interests' share of adjustments pertain largely to depreciation and amortization and unrealized carried interest, net of associated compensation expense. 
 Investment Management FRE 
 Investment Management FRE is calculated as recurring fee income and other income inclusive of cost reimbursements associated with administrative expenses, and net of compensation expense (excluding equity-based compensation, carried interest and incentive compensation) and administrative expense (excluding placement fees and straight-line rent expense). Investment Management FRE is used to assess the extent to which direct base compensation and operating expenses are covered by recurring fee revenues in the investment management business. We believe that Investment Management FRE is a useful supplemental performance measure because it may provide additional insight into the profitability of the overall investment management business. 
 Investment Management FRE is measured as Adjusted EBITDA for the Investment Management segment, adjusted to reflect the Company s Investment Management segment as a stabilized business by excluding FRE associated with new investment strategies that have 1) not yet held a first close raising FEEUM; or 2) not yet achieved break-even Adjusted EBITDA only for investment products that may be terminated solely at the Company s discretion, collectively referred to as Start-up FRE. The Company evaluates new investment strategies on a regular basis and excludes Start-Up FRE from Investment Management FRE until such time a new strategy is determined to form part of the Company s core investment management business. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Investment Management FRE reconciliation 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Investment Management Net income 186,084 Interest expense, net of interest income 10,377 Investment expense, net of reimbursement 324 Depreciation and amortization 22,155 Equity-based compensation 15,845 Incentive fee and carried interest, net of associated compensation expense (207,095) Straight-line rent expense 1,844 Transaction-related and restructuring charges 18,402 Equity method earnings, excluding carried interest 26,958 Other loss, net 3,341 Income tax expense 7,815 Investment Management Adjusted EBITDA 
 86,050 Start-up FRE 9,739 Investment Management FRE 
 95,789 Attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests (12,315) Investment Management FRE attributable to Operating Company 
 83,474 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 We regularly evaluate our liquidity position, debt obligations, and anticipated cash needs to fund our business and operations based upon our projected financial performance. Our evaluation of future liquidity requirements is regularly reviewed and updated for changes in internal projections, economic conditions, competitive landscape and other factors as applicable. 
 At December 31, 2022, our liquidity position was approximately 1 billion, including corporate unrestricted cash and the full 300 million availability under our VFN. In February 2023, our liquidity position decreased by 323.5 million in connection with the InfraBridge acquisition. With an all-cash acquisition, there is no resulting future debt burden. 
 Outside of our normal course operating activities, our significant liquidity needs in the immediate term include a 90 million contingent earnout payable to Wafra in March 2023 and repayment of 200 million of convertible notes maturing in April 2023. The latter will result in a deleveraging of our corporate balance sheet. We expect to satisfy these obligations with cash on hand. 
 We believe we have sufficient cash on hand, and anticipated cash generated from operating activities and external financing sources, to meet our short term and long term capital requirements. 
 While we have sufficient liquidity to meet our operational needs, we continue to evaluate alternatives to manage our capital structure and market opportunities to strengthen our liquidity and to provide further operational and strategic flexibility. 
 Significant Liquidity and Capital Activities in 2022 and through February 2023 
 Sources of Funds 
 425 million in total proceeds received in the second half of 2022, including our share of net carried interest, from partially monetizing our interest in DataBank 
 428 million in return of capital from transfer of warehoused investments to newly formed sponsored funds and transfer of loans to a third party sponsored CLO in August and December 2022 
 100 million increase in our VFN availability to 300 million effective April 2022 
 Monetization of our Wellness Infrastructure business in February 2022 for 161 million in cash 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Uses of Funds 
 Redemption of Wafra's minority interest in our investment management business in May 2022 through a combination of common stock issuance and 388.5 million in cash, following which, all net cash flows from our fee business accrue to us at 100 
 Repurchase of (i) 52.6 million of preferred stock at a discount to par, which generates future savings in preferred dividends, and (ii) 55 million of common stock 
 Acquisition of InfraBridge in February 2023 for 323.5 million (including working capital, net of cash assumed) 
 Liquidity Needs and Sources of Liquidity 
 Our primary liquidity needs are to fund: 
 acquisitions of target investment management businesses; 
 our general partner and co-investment commitments to our investment vehicles; 
 warehouse investments pending the raising of third party capital for future investment vehicles; 
 principal and interest payments on our debt; 
 our operations, including compensation, administrative and overhead costs; 
 obligation for lease payments, principally leasehold data centers and corporate offices; 
 our liability for corporate and other taxes; 
 development, construction and capital expenditures on our operating real estate; and 
 dividends to our preferred and common stockholders. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are: 
 cash on hand; 
 fees received from our investment management business, including the Company's share of realized net incentive fees or carried interest; 
 cash flow generated from our investments, both from operations and return of capital; 
 availability under our VFN; 
 issuance of additional term notes under our corporate securitization; 
 third party co-investors in our consolidated investments and/or businesses; 
 proceeds from full or partial realization of investments; 
 investment-level financing; and 
 proceeds from public or private equity and debt offerings. 
 Liquidity Needs and Capital Activities 
 Stock Repurchases 
 In July 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a 200 million stock repurchase program which expires in June 2023, but may be extended, modified, or discontinued at any time by our Board of Directors. During 2022, we repurchased approximately 108 million in aggregate of preferred and common stock. As of December 31, 2022, 92 million of repurchase capacity remains available under the program. 
 Dividends 
 Common Stock The payment of common stock dividends and determination of the amount thereof is at the discretion of our Board of Directors. The Company reinstated quarterly common stock dividends at 0.01 per share beginning the third quarter of 2022, having previously suspended common stock dividends from the second quarter of 2020 through the second quarter of 2022. 
 Preferred Stock At December 31, 2022, we have outstanding preferred stock totaling 828 million, bearing a weighted average dividend rate of 7.135 per annum, with aggregate dividend payments of 14.8 million per quarter. 
 Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 
 Debt Obligation 
 Description of our debt is provided in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Our contractual obligation for principal repayments on our debt at December 31, 2022 is as shown below. Investment level secured debt is non-recourse to us and serviced through operating and/or investing cash generated by the respective borrower subsidiaries in our Operating segment and by our consolidated fund. 
 Debt maturities and future debt principal payments are presented based upon anticipated repayment dates for notes issued under securitization financing, or based upon initial maturity dates or extended maturity dates if extension criteria are met at December 31, 2022 for extensions that are at our option. (In thousands) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total Corporate-level Debt: Secured fund fee revenue notes 300,000 300,000 Convertible and exchangeable senior notes 200,000 78,422 278,422 Non-recourse investment-level secured debt 228,792 879,503 1,175,250 1,750,690 600,000 4,634,235 Total 428,792 879,503 1,253,672 2,050,690 600,000 5,212,657 
 We expect to repay the outstanding 200 million 5.00 convertible senior notes upon maturity in April 2023 with current cash on hand, which will result in a deleveraging of our corporate balance sheet. 
 In connection with an amortizing investment-level securitized debt with an anticipated repayment date in November 2023 (at December 31, 2022, 216 million expected principal repayment in 2023), our subsidiary in the Operating segment is looking to refinance the debt prior to its anticipated repayment date or otherwise, continue servicing the debt until such time a refinancing is executed. 
 Investment Commitments 
 Fund Commitments As of December 31, 2022, we have unfunded commitments of 112 million to our sponsored funds. Generally, the timing for funding of these commitments is not known and the commitments are callable on demand at any time prior to their respective expirations. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 Wafra Redemption In connection with the May 2022 redemption of Wafra's interest in our investment management business, additional contingent consideration is payable based upon future capital raise thresholds, with up to 50 payable in shares of our class A common stock at our election. 90 million is payable in March 2023 based upon capital raised in 2022, and up to 35 million in March 2024 dependent upon cumulative capital raised through 2023. 
 InfraBridge Acquisition In connection with the InfraBridge acquisition in February 2023, additional contingent consideration of up to 129 million may become payable based upon achievement of future fundraising targets for InfraBridge's third and fourth flagship funds. 
 Warehoused Investments 
 We temporarily warehouse investments on behalf of prospective sponsored investment vehicles that are actively fundraising. The warehoused investments are transferred to the investment vehicle when sufficient third party capital, including debt, is raised. Generally, the timing of future warehousing activities is not known. Nevertheless, investment warehousing is undertaken only if we determine that there will be sufficient liquidity through the anticipated warehousing period. 
 In August and December 2022, we received a return of 428 million in total capital, inclusive of holding fees, from the transfer of investments to our new sponsored funds and to a third party sponsored CLO, along with repayment of corresponding debt. This included 282 million in connection with TowerCo that was acquired in June 2022. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 52 million of remaining warehoused equity investments. 
 Carried Interest Clawback 
 Depending on the final realized value of all investments at the end of the life of a fund (and, with respect to certain funds, periodically during the life of the fund), if it is determined that cumulative carried interest distributions have exceeded the final carried interest amount earned (or amount earned as of the calculation date), we are obligated to return the excess carried interest received. Therefore, carried interest distributions may be subject to clawback if decline in investment values results in cumulative performance of the fund falling below minimum return hurdles in the interim period. If it is determined that the Company has a clawback obligation, a liability would be established based upon a hypothetical liquidation of the net assets of the fund at reporting date. The actual determination and required payment of any clawback obligation would generally occur after final disposition of the investments of the fund or otherwise as set forth in the governing documents of the fund. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

If the related carried interest distributions received by the Company are subject to clawback, the previously distributed carried interest would be similarly subject to clawback from employees. The Company generally withholds a portion of the distribution of carried interest to employees to satisfy their potential clawback obligation. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has no liability for clawback obligations on distributed carried interest. 
 Lease Obligations 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 40.5 million of operating lease obligations on our corporate offices, which are funded through corporate operating cash. Additionally, there were 135.6 million and 285.9 million of finance and operating lease obligations, respectively, principally on leasehold data centers assumed through acquisitions, with such obligations satisfied through operating cash generated by the respective investment properties. These lease obligation amounts represent fixed lease payments, excluding any contingent or other variable lease payments, and factor in lease renewal or termination options only if it is reasonably certain that such options would be exercised. Scheduled future lease commitment amounts over the next five years and thereafter is presented in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Debt Funding 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 578 million of corporate-level debt, along with non-recourse investment level secured debt, as summarized below. 
 in thousands) Outstanding Principal Weighted Average Interest Rate (1) 
 (Per Annum) 
 Weighted Average Years Remaining to Maturity (2) 
 Corporate-level debt: Secured fund fee revenue notes 300,000 3.93 3.7 Convertible and exchangeable senior notes 278,422 5.21 0.9 578,422 Non-recourse investment-level secured debt: Fixed rate 3,640,235 2.72 Variable rate 994,000 8.40 4,634,235 3.71 3.0 Total debt 5,212,657 
 __________ 
 (1) Calculated based upon outstanding debt principal at balance sheet date. For variable rate debt, weighted average interest rate is calculated based upon the applicable index plus spread at balance sheet date. 
 (2) Calculated based upon anticipated repayment dates for notes issued under securitization financing; otherwise based upon initial maturity dates, or extended maturity dates if extension criteria are met for extensions that are at the Company's option. 
 Corporate-level Debt 
 Securitized Financing Facility Our securitized financing facility is subject to various covenants, including financial covenants that require the maintenance of minimum thresholds for debt service coverage ratio and maximum loan-to-value ratio, as defined. As of the date of this filing, we are in compliance with all of the financial covenants, and the full amount is available to be drawn on our 300 million VFN. 
 Our securitized financing facility allows for the issuance of additional term notes in the future to supplement our liquidity. The decision to enter into a particular financing arrangement is made after consideration of various factors including future cash needs, current sources of liquidity, demand for the Company s debt or equity, and prevailing interest rates. 
 Senior Notes We continue to reduce higher cost corporate indebtedness through early exchange of an additional 60 million of senior notes into common stock in March 2022, which generated net savings in interest payments. 
 Non-Recourse Investment-Level Secured Debt 
 Investment level financing is non-recourse to us and secured primarily by the respective underlying real estate in the Operating segment. 
 In 2022, disposition of investments resulted in further deleveraging of our balance sheet as follows: 
 Investment-level debt of 2.86 billion held by NRF Holdco (previously classified as held for disposition) was assumed by the acquirer upon sale of NRF Holdco in February 2022. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

In August 2022, 173 million of debt previously financing warehoused loans was repaid following a transfer of the loans into a third party sponsored CLO. 
 313 million of debt obtained in June 2022 to partially fund the acquisition of TowerCo was assumed by our sponsored fund in December 2022 in conjunction with the transfer of TowerCo assets to the fund. 
 Cash From Operations 
 Fee-Related Earnings We generate FRE from our Investment Management segment, generally encompassing recurring fee income net of associated compensation and administrative expenses. Following the redemption of Wafra's 31.5 interest in our investment management business in May 2022, 100 of Investment Management FRE is attributable to us. Management fee income is generally a predictable and stable revenue stream. Our ability to generate new management fee streams through establishing new investment vehicles and raising investor capital depends on general market conditions and availability of attractive investment opportunities as well as availability of debt capital. 
 Incentive Fees Incentive fees, net of employee allocations, are earned based upon the financial performance of a vehicle above a specified return threshold, which is largely driven by appreciation in value of underlying investments. Incentive fees are recognized as fee income when they are no longer probable of significant reversal. As investment fair values and changes thereof could be affected by various factors, including market and economic conditions, incentive fees are by nature less predictable in amount and timing. There were no incentive fees received in 2022. 
 Carried Interest Distributions Carried interest is distributed generally upon profitable disposition of an investment if at the time of distribution, cumulative returns of the fund exceed minimum return hurdles. Carried interest distributions are recognized in earnings net of clawback obligations, if any. The amount and timing of carried interest distributions received may vary substantially from period to period depending upon the occurrence and size of investments realized by our sponsored funds. 
 In 2022, we received our share of realized carried interest of 32.6 million, net of allocation to employees and Wafra, in connection with the recapitalization of DataBank and sale of investments by DBP I and DBP II. 
 Investments Our investments generate cash, either from operations or as a return of our invested capital. We primarily generate revenue from net operating income of our digital infrastructure business, which is partially offset by interest expense associated with non-recourse borrowings on our digital portfolio. We also receive periodic distributions from our equity investments, including our GP co-investments. 
 Asset Monetization 
 We periodically monetize our investments through opportunistic asset sales or to recycle capital from non-core assets. 
 DataBank In the second half of 2022, we partially monetized our interest in DataBank and received total proceeds of 405 million from our investment, excluding carried interest. The incremental third party capital raised in the recapitalization also results in additional fee income in our Investment Management segment. 
 Wellness Infrastructure In completing our digital transformation, we monetized our Wellness Infrastructure assets in February 2022 for 161 million in cash, including cash distributions received from NRF Holdco prior to closing of the sale, and 155 million in note receivable. 
 Other Non-Digital Investments We also have marketable equity securities, including our shares in BRSP, that are available for future monetization. At December 31, 2022, the aggregate fair value of these investments was 235 million. 
 Public Offerings 
 We may offer and sell various types of securities from time to time at our discretion based upon our needs and depending upon market conditions and available pricing. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes the activities from our consolidated statements of cash flows, including discontinued operations. 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period 
 1,766,245 963,008 Net cash provided by (used in): 
 Operating activities 262,582 248,237 Investing activities (1,913,408) 146,565 Financing activities 923,785 411,260 Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (2,465) (2,825) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 
 1,036,739 1,766,245 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash inflows from operating activities are generated primarily through fee income, including incentive fees, and distributions of our share of net carried interest from our investment management business, property operating income from our real estate investments, interest received from loans receivable during the warehousing period, and distributions of earnings received from equity investments. This is partially offset by payment of operating expenses, including property management and operations, investment transaction-related costs, as well as compensation and general administrative costs. 
 Our operating activities generated net cash inflows of 262.6 million in 2022 and 248.2 million in 2021. 
 Investing Activities 
 Investing activities include primarily cash outlays for acquisition of real estate, origination or acquisition of warehoused loans and disbursement on subsequent drawdowns, and new equity investments and subsequent contributions. These are partially offset by repayments, sales and transfers of warehoused loans receivable, distributions of capital received from equity investments, and proceeds from sale of real estate and equity investments. 
 Our investing activities generated net cash outflows of 1.9 billion in 2022 and net cash inflows of 146.6 million in 2021. 
 Real estate investments Real estate investing activities generated net cash outflows in both years. 
 Net outflows were higher in 2022 totaling approximately 2.0 billion, attributed to the acquisition of TowerCo, DataBank's acquisition of five data centers, capital expenditures in our data center portfolio and payments for build-out of expansion capacity and lease-up within the Vantage SDC portfolio. All of these outflows were partially offset by proceeds received from our Wellness Infrastructure sale and the transfer of our interest in TowerCo to our new sponsored fund in December 2022, all of which were net of property-level cash transferred to the buyer or fund. 
 2021 saw net cash outflows of 420.0 million, driven by add-on acquisitions in the Vantage SDC portfolio and capital expenditures in our Operating segment. These outflows were partially offset by proceeds from sales in our Wellness Infrastructure segment, our hotel business and our OED portfolio, net of cash deconsolidated. 
 Debt investments Our debt investments generated net cash inflows in both years. 
 There was a net cash inflow of 44.8 million in 2022. Disbursements for additional fundings and acquisition of warehoused loans during the year were more than offset by proceeds received from the subsequent transfer of the entire portfolio of warehoused loans to our new sponsored fund or to a third party sponsored CLO. 
 In 2021, net cash inflows of 452.1 million can be attributed to loan repayments, in particular a 305.0 million repayment received on two loans in our Irish loan portfolio, and 146.0 million in proceeds from sale of our loan investment holding entities in the OED portfolio, net of cash deconsolidated. This was partially offset by acquisition or origination of warehoused loans, other loans disbursements, and acquisition of additional N-Star collateralized debt obligations ("CDOs") at a discount by our Wellness Infrastructure segment, which has since been disposed. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Equity investments Our equity investments generated net cash inflows in both years. 
 In 2022, our equity investments recorded net cash inflows of 11.6 million, largely representing the trading activities in marketable equity securities by our consolidated liquid funds, partially offset by additional contributions to our digital funds, net of return of capital. 
 2021 saw net cash inflows of 104.6 million in connection with our equity investments. Significant sales of equity investments included 9.5 million BRSP shares for 81.8 million of cash, and sale of investment holding entities in the OED portfolio, which generated proceeds of 177.8 million, net of cash deconsolidated. Net cash inflows were also generated from trading activities in marketable equity securities by our consolidated funds in the Liquid Strategies. These inflows were partially offset by outflows attributed largely to funding of our digital fund commitments and draws on acquisition, development and construction or ADC loans that were accounted for as equity method investments prior to their sale in December 2021. 
 Financing Activities 
 We finance our investing activities largely through investment-level secured debt and capital from co-investors. We also draw upon our securitized financing facility to finance our investing and operating activities, as well as have the ability to raise capital in the public markets through issuances of preferred stock, common stock and private placement notes. Accordingly, we incur cash outlays for payments on our investment-level and corporate debt, dividends to our preferred stockholders and common stockholders (common dividends were reinstated beginning the third quarter of 2022), as well as distributions to noncontrolling interests, largely in our Operating segment. 
 Financing activities generated net cash inflows of 923.8 million in 2022 and 411.3 million in 2021. 
 In 2022, the net cash inflow of 923.8 million was driven by financing for the acquisition of TowerCo and the DataBank data center acquisition through term loans and capital contributions from noncontrolling interests totaling 1.1 billion. The TowerCo debt was subsequently assumed by our new sponsored fund upon transfer of our equity interest in TowerCo to the fund. Additionally, cash inflows included our share of proceeds recorded in equity of 405.4 million from sale of a portion of our interest in our DataBank subsidiary in connection with the recapitalization of DataBank that was treated as an equity transaction. These inflows were partially offset by 388.5 million of cash paid to redeem Wafra's interest in our investment management business in May 2022. Financing cash outflows also included repayment of our warehouse credit facility of 172.5 million with proceeds from a transfer of the warehoused loans to a third party CLO, and paydowns on amortizing debt in our Operating segment. Other notable cash outflows included preferred and common stock repurchases totaling 107.8 million and distributions to various noncontrolling interests. Dividend payments were 64.0 million in 2022, which is lower than 2021 following preferred stock redemptions during 2021 and repurchases during 2022. 
 The financing net cash inflows of 411.3 million in 2021 were driven by 671.2 million of borrowings exceeding debt repayments. Investment-level financing activities included primarily issuances of securitized notes and draws on variable funding notes by Vantage SDC to finance an add-on acquisition, future expansion capacity and capital expenditures, as well as by DataBank to refinance existing debt and fund future acquisition. There was also repayment of debt financing real estate in Europe that were sold during the year. At the corporate level, we replaced our credit facility with a securitized financing facility, from which we received 285.1 million of net proceeds in July through issuance of Class A-2 Notes, some of which were applied to redeem preferred stock for 86.8 million. Additionally, distributions outpaced contributions from noncontrolling interests, resulting in a net cash outflow of 16.9 million. Contributions from noncontrolling interests were composed largely of a syndication of our interest to a new third party investor in our zColo investment vehicle, assumption by Wafra of a portion of our commitments to DBP, and additional consideration paid by Wafra for its investment in our investment management business. These contributions were more than offset by distributions to third party co-investors, primarily in the OED portfolio prior to deconsolidation upon sale of our interests in December 2021. Dividend payments were 73.4 million in 2021. 
 Guarantees and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no guarantees or off-balance sheet arrangements that we believe are reasonable likely to have a material effect on our financial condition. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the use of estimates and assumptions that involve the exercise of judgment and that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and the 
 60 

Table of Contents 

disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Our critical accounting policies and estimates are integral to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, as they require subjective or complex management judgments resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. 
 Highlighted below are accounting policies and estimates that we believe to be critical based on the nature of our 
 business and/or require significant management judgment and assumptions. With respect to all critical estimates discussed below, we have established policies and control procedures which seek to ensure that estimates and assumptions are appropriately governed and applied consistently from period to period. We believe that all of the decisions and assessments applied were reasonable at the time made, based upon information available to us at that time. 
 Due to the inherently judgmental nature of the various projections and assumptions used and the unpredictability of economic and market conditions, actual results may differ from estimates, and changes in estimates and assumptions could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements in the future. 
 Equity Method Earnings Carried Interest 
 The Company recognizes carried interests from its equity method investments as general partner in investment vehicles that it sponsors. Carried interest represents a disproportionate allocation of returns from the Company's sponsored investment vehicles based upon the extent to which cumulative performance of the vehicles exceeds minimum return hurdles pursuant to terms of their respective governing agreements. Carried interest is subject to reversal until such time it is realized, which generally occurs upon disposition of all underlying investments of an investment vehicle, or in part with each disposition. A portion of carried interest is allocated to certain employees, and is similarly subject to reversal if there is a decline in the cumulative carried interest amounts previously recognized. 
 The amount of carried interest recognized is based upon the cumulative performance of each investment vehicle if it were liquidated as of the reporting date, which in turn is largely driven by appreciation in value of the underlying investments held by these vehicles. The investments held by sponsored vehicles are revalued each quarter, with the results subject to the Company's valuation review and approval process. Fair value of the underlying investments is typically estimated using unobservable inputs and assumptions that involves significant judgement including, but not limited to, the financial performance of the portfolio company, economic conditions, foreign exchange rates, comparable transactions in the market, and equity prices for publicly traded securities, and is therefore subject to inherent uncertainties. 
 Income Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Such assets arise from temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from NOL, capital loss and tax credit carryforwards. 
 Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted taxable earnings and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. A valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is established if the Company believes it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized based upon the weight of all available positive and negative evidence. The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. The more negative evidence that exists, the more positive evidence is necessary and the more difficult it is to support a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not required. 
 In evaluating realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers various factors, including: (1) nature of the deferred tax assets and liabilities, whether they are ordinary or capital; (2) in which tax jurisdictions they were generated and timing of their reversal; (3) taxable income in prior carryback years and projected taxable earnings exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards; (4) length of time that carryovers can be utilized in the various tax jurisdictions; (5) any unique tax rules that would impact the utilization of the deferred tax assets; and (6) any tax planning strategies that could be employed to reasonably assure utilization of the tax benefit prior to expiration. 
 The projection of future taxable earnings to be generated by subsidiaries to which the deferred tax assets apply represent a critical estimate. Key assumptions in this evaluation include the Company's forecast of future capital raises, and actual and planned business and operational changes, which are affected by future macroeconomic and Company-specific conditions and events. These assumptions rely heavily on estimates and changes in estimates could result in an establishment or an increase in valuation allowance. 
 An established valuation allowance may be reversed in a future period if the Company subsequently determines it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will become realizable. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

A discussion of valuation allowances established in 2022 is included in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 Impairment 
 In connection with our review and preparation of the consolidated financial statements, prior to and subsequent to each quarter end, we evaluate if prevailing events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying values of the following assets may not be recoverable, in which case, an impairment analysis is performed. 
 Real Estate Held for Investment 
 Triggering events that may indicate potential impairment of our real estate held for investment include, but are not limited to, deterioration in current and/or projected earnings; significant near-term lease expirations; decline in occupancy; or other customer or market conditions that would negatively affect property operating cash flows. 
 The carrying amount of real estate held for investment is not recoverable if it exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the property, including any estimated proceeds from eventual disposition of the property. If multiple outcomes are under consideration, the Company may apply either a probability-weighted cash flows approach or the single-most-likely estimate of cash flows approach, whichever is more appropriate under the circumstances. Impairment is recognized to reduce the carrying value of the property to its estimated fair value, generally based upon a discounted net cash flow analysis which applies a terminal capitalization rate at the end of the projection period to derive an exit value, or a direct capitalization approach which applies an overall capitalization rate to expected net operating income to estimate current property value. 
 Estimation of future net cash flows involves significant judgment and assumptions, including, but not limited to: probability-weighting to different cash flow scenarios or the determination of the single-most-likely cash flow scenario, where applicable; available market information such as competition levels, leasing trends, occupancy trends, lease rates, and market prices of similar properties recently sold or currently being offered for sale; and capitalization rates. 
 There was no impairment recorded on real estate held for investment in 2022. 
 Equity Method Investments 
 Significant equity method investments that are subject to periodic impairment assessment include the Company's investment in BRSP. 
 Indicators of impairment on equity method investments generally include the Company's shortened hold period assumptions; significant deterioration in earnings performance, asset quality, or business prospects of the investee; or significant adverse change in the industry, economic, or market environment of the investee. 
 If indicators of impairment exist, the Company estimates the fair value of its equity method investment, which considers factors such as the estimated enterprise value of the investee, fair value of the investee's underlying net assets, or net cash flows to be generated by the investee, and for equity method investees with publicly-traded equity, the traded price of the equity securities in an active market. 
 Further consideration is made if a decrease in the fair value of equity method investments is other-than-temporary to determine if impairment loss should be recognized. Assessment of other-than-temporary impairment may involve significant management judgment, including, but not limited to: consideration of the investee s current and projected financial condition and earnings, business prospects and creditworthiness; significant and prolonged decline in traded price of the investee s equity security; or the Company's ability and intent to hold the investment until recovery of its carrying value. If management is unable to reasonably assert that an impairment is temporary or believes that the Company may not fully recover the carrying value of its investment, then the impairment is considered to be other-than-temporary. 
 Our investment in BRSP was determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired in 2022, as discussed further in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 Goodwill 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company's goodwill is associated with its Investment Management and Operating segments. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit to which it is assigned, which can be an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. The assessment of goodwill for impairment may initially be performed based on qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, including goodwill. If so, a quantitative assessment is performed, and to the extent the carrying value of the 
 62 

Table of Contents 

reporting unit exceeds its fair value, impairment is recognized for the excess up to the amount of goodwill assigned to the reporting unit. Alternatively, the Company may bypass a qualitative assessment and proceed directly to a quantitative assessment. 
 A qualitative assessment considers various factors such as macroeconomic, industry and market conditions to the extent they affect the earnings performance of the reporting unit, changes in business strategy and/or management of the reporting unit, changes in composition or mix of revenues and/or cost structure of the reporting unit, financial performance and business prospects of the reporting unit, among other factors. 
 In a quantitative assessment, significant judgment, assumptions and estimates are applied in determining the fair value of reporting units. The Company has generally used the income approach to estimate fair value by discounting the projected net cash flows of the reporting unit, and may corroborate with market-based data where available and appropriate. Projection of future cash flows is based upon various factors, including, but not limited to, our strategic plans in regard to our business and operations, internal forecasts, terminal year residual revenue multiples, operating profit margins, pricing of similar businesses and comparable transactions where applicable, and risk-adjusted discount rates to present value future cash flows. Given the level of sensitivity in the inputs, a change in the value of any one input, in isolation or in combination, could significantly affect the overall estimation of fair value of the reporting unit. 
 The Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment to goodwill in 2022. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Debt Securities 
 A debt security is impaired if its fair value is below its amortized cost. If the Company intends to sell the impaired debt security or is more likely than not will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of its amortized cost, the entire impairment amount is recognized in earnings as a write-off of the amortized cost basis of the debt security. 
 If the Company does not intend to sell or is not more likely than not required to sell the debt security before recovery of its amortized cost, the credit component of the loss is recognized in earnings as an allowance for credit loss, which may be subject to reversal for subsequent recoveries in fair value. The non-credit loss component is recognized in other comprehensive income or loss. The allowance is charged off against the amortized cost basis of the security if in a subsequent period, the Company intends to or more likely than not will be required to sell the security, or if the Company deems the security to be uncollectible. 
 The Company holds the subordinated notes of a third party sponsored CLO, classified under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Subordinated notes are the residual interest or equity tranche of a CLO, representing the most leveraged and illiquid tranche within the structure, and are subject to first loss exposure in the collateral pool. Accordingly, the value of subordinated notes is highly sensitive to the performance of the underlying collateral of a CLO. 
 The use of unobservable inputs in estimating fair value necessitates the application of management judgement. Factors considered in the valuation of CLO subordinated notes generally include: expected loan default rates which are a function of the composition of the collateral pool (for example, credit rating and industry sector of the underlying loans), historical corporate loan defaults and market expectations for corporate debt performance under current economic conditions; loss given default or severity rate; loan prepayment rates; reinvestment price during the reinvestment period; redemption or call date following expiration of the reinvestment period; and redemption or call price. 
 At December 31, 2022, fair value of the CLO subordinated notes was determined using a benchmarking approach, as described in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 Fair Value 
 The Company carries certain assets at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. The Company has elected the fair value option for all loans receivable. 
 Loans Receivable 
 Certain loans receivable are classified under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, with the measurement of fair value using at least one unobservable input that is significant and requiring management judgment. Level 3 fair value for loans receivable are generally estimated based upon the income approach, applying a discounted cash flow model. This involves a projection of principal and interest that are expected to be collected, and includes consideration of factors such as the financial standing and credit risk of the borrower or sponsor, operating results and/or value of the underlying 
 63 

Table of Contents 

collateral, and market yields for loans with similar credit risk and other characteristics. In times of adverse economic conditions, the judgment applied in estimating unobservable inputs is subject to a greater degree of uncertainty. 
 Refer to Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report for additional information on the inputs applied in estimating fair value of loans receivable. 
 Acquisition 
 In a business combination or asset acquisition, all assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured at fair value as of the acquisition date. 
 Allocation of Purchase Consideration 
 In a business combination, the Company measures the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interests of the acquiree at their acquisition date fair values, with the excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired and the fair value of any previously held interest in the acquiree, recognized as goodwill. In an asset acquisition, the Company allocates the purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their relative fair values, which does not give rise to goodwill. 
 The estimation of fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed involves significant judgment and assumptions. Acquired assets are generally composed of real estate, lease right-of-use ("ROU") asset, lease-related intangibles, investment management related intangibles such as investment management contracts and investor relationships, and other identifiable intangibles such as customer contracts, customer relationships and trade names. The Company generally values real estate based upon their replacement cost for buildings (in an as-vacant state), improvements and data center infrastructure, and based upon comparable sales or current listings for land. Lease ROU assets are measured based upon future lease payments over the lease term, adjusted for any lease incentives and capitalized direct leasing costs, and discounted at the incremental borrowing rate. Identifiable intangible assets, such as lease and management contracts, are typically valued using the income approach based upon net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets, discounted to present value. Estimates applied include, but are not limited to: (i) construction costs for buildings and improvements; (ii) cost per kilowatt and costs of design, engineering, construction and installation for data center infrastructure; and (iii) for intangible assets, expected future cash flows, reinvestment rates by existing investors in our investment management business, lease renewal rates, customer attrition rates, discount rates, and useful lives. These estimates are based upon assumptions that management believes a market participant would apply in valuing the assets. These estimates and assumptions are forward-looking and are subject to uncertainties in future economic, market and industry conditions. 
 Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report for additional discussion of the methodology and inputs applied in estimating fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 Consolidation 
 The determination of whether the Company has a controlling financial interest and therefore consolidates an entity can significantly affect presentation in the consolidated financial statements. 
 A consolidation assessment at the onset of the Company's initial investment in or other involvement with an entity as well as reassessments on an ongoing basis, may involve significant judgement, more so if an entity is determined to be a variable interest entity ("VIE"). A VIE is consolidated by its primary beneficiary, which is defined as the party who has a controlling financial interest in the VIE through (a) power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly affect the VIE s economic performance, and (b) obligation to absorb losses or right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. This assessment may involve subjectivity in the determination of which activities most significantly affect the VIE s performance, and estimates about current and future fair value of the assets held by the VIE and financial performance of the VIE. In assessing its interests in the VIE, the Company also considers interests held by its related parties, including de facto agents. Additionally, the Company assesses whether it is a member of a related party group that collectively meets the power and benefits criteria and, if so, whether the Company is most closely associated with the VIE. In performing the related party analysis, the Company considers both qualitative and quantitative factors, including, but not limited to: the characteristics and size of its investment relative to the related party; the Company s and the related party's ability to control or significantly influence key decisions of the VIE including consideration of involvement by de facto agents; the obligation or likelihood for the Company or the related party to fund operating losses of the VIE; and the similarity and significance of the VIE s business activities to those of the Company and the related party. The determination of whether an entity is a VIE, and whether the Company is the primary beneficiary, depends upon facts and circumstances specific to an entity at the time of the assessment, and could change over time. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report discusses the Company's involvement in various types of entities that are considered to be VIEs and whether the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary. 
 Recent Accounting Updates 
 The effects of accounting standards adopted in 2022 and the potential effects of accounting standards to be adopted in the future are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15. "Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules" of this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Market risk represents the risk of financial loss from adverse movement in market prices. The primary sources of market risk are interest rates, foreign currency rates, commodity prices, and equity prices. 
 Our business is exposed primarily to interest rate risk on variable rate interest bearing instruments, foreign currency risk on non-U.S. business in the Operating segment and foreign denominated warehoused investments, the effect of market risk on our fee income and net carried interest allocation, equity price risk on marketable equity securities, and commodity price risk in connection with the Operating segment. 
 The following discussion excludes the effect of market risk on assets and corresponding liabilities that were held for disposition at December 31, 2022. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Instruments bearing variable interest rates include our debt obligations, which are subject to interest rate fluctuations that will affect future cash flows, specifically interest expense. 
 Variable Rate Debt Our corporate debt exposure to variable interest rates is limited to our VFN revolver, which had no outstanding amounts as of December 31, 2022. Our investment level financing, which totals 4.6 billion, consists primarily of fixed rate securitized notes issued by subsidiaries in our Operating segment, Vantage SDC and DataBank. Of this amount, 1 billion or 21 is composed of variable rate debt at December 31, 2022. Our investment level variable rate debt is indexed to either 1-month LIBOR or Term SOFR. As the subsidiaries in our Operating segment are substantially owned by third party investors, the resulting increase in interest expense from higher interest rates will be attributed predominantly to noncontrolling interests, with a minimal share of that effect attributed to DBRG. Based upon the outstanding principal on our investment level variable rate debt at December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would increase annualized interest expense by 9.9 million on a consolidated basis or 1.1 million after attribution to noncontrolling interests. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have limited direct foreign currency exposure from our foreign operations in the Operating segment and foreign currency denominated investments warehoused on the balance sheet for future sponsored vehicles. Changes in foreign currency rates can adversely affect earnings and the value of our foreign currency denominated investments, including investments in our foreign subsidiaries. 
 We have exposure to foreign currency risk from the operations of our foreign subsidiaries to the extent these subsidiaries do not transact in U.S. dollars. This applies to our foreign subsidiaries that operate six colocation data centers in the U.K. and France. For the substantial majority of our subsidiaries in Canada that operate our hyperscale data centers, the U.S dollar is largely used as the transactional currency, in which case, there is generally very limited foreign currency exposure. The remaining foreign subsidiaries in our colocation data center business that do not transact in U.S. dollars make up only a small percentage of our overall Operating segment, which in turn is substantially owned by third party investors. Accordingly, our exposure to foreign currency risk from the operations of our foreign subsidiaries is limited as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our foreign currency denominated investments, which are temporarily warehoused on the balance sheet, are held by our U.S. subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022 , our foreign currency exposure is limited to only one AUD equity investment (A 35 million). 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Market Risk Effect on Fee Income and Net Carried Interest Allocation 
 Management Fees To the extent management fees are based upon fair value of the underlying investments of our managed investment vehicles, an increase or decrease in fair value will directly affect our management fee income. Generally, our management fee income is calculated based upon investors' committed capital during the commitment period of the vehicle, and thereafter, contributed or invested capital during the investing and liquidating periods. To a lesser extent, management fees are based upon the net asset value of vehicles in our Liquid Strategies, measured at fair value. At December 31, 2022, our Liquid Strategies make up 5.0 of our 22 billion FEEUM. Accordingly, most of our management fee income will not be directly affected by changes in investment fair values. 
 Incentive Fees and Carried Interest Incentive fees and carried interest, net of management allocations, are earned based upon the financial performance of a vehicle above a specified return threshold, which is largely driven by appreciation in value of underlying investments. Carried interest is subject to reversal until such time it is realized, which generally occurs upon disposition of all underlying investments of an investment vehicle, or in part with each disposition. The extent of the effect of fair value changes to the amount of incentive fees and carried interest earned will depend upon the cumulative performance of an investment vehicle relative to its return threshold, the performance measurement period used to calculate incentives and carried interest, and the stage of the vehicle's lifecycle. Investment fair values in turn could be affected by various factors, including but not limited to, the financial performance of the portfolio company, economic conditions, foreign exchange rates, comparable transactions in the market, and equity prices for publicly traded securities. Therefore, fair value changes are unpredictable and the effect on incentive fee and carried interest varies across different investment vehicles. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 156 million of long positions and 41 million of short positions in marketable equity securities, held predominantly by our consolidated sponsored liquid funds. Realized and unrealized gains and losses from marketable equity securities are recorded in other gain (loss) on the consolidated statement of operations. Market prices for publicly traded equity securities may fluctuate due to a myriad of factors, including but not limited to, financial performance of the investee, industry conditions, economic and political environment, trade volume, and general sentiments in the equity markets. Therefore the level of volatility and price fluctuations are unpredictable. Our funds constantly rebalance their investment portfolio to take advantage of market opportunities and to manage risk. Additionally, one of our funds employs a long/short equity strategy, taking long positions that serve as collateral for short positions, which in combination, reduces its market risk exposure. The effect of equity price decreases to earnings attributable to our shareholders is further reduced as our consolidated liquid funds are substantially owned by third party capital, which represent noncontrolling interests. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Certain operating costs in our data center portfolio are subject to price fluctuations caused by volatility of underlying commodity prices, primarily electricity used in our data center operations. We closely monitor the cost of electricity at all of our locations and may enter into power utility contracts to purchase electricity at fixed prices in certain locations in the U.S., with such contracts generally representing less than our forecasted usage. Our building of new data centers and expansion of existing data centers will also subject us to commodity price risk with respect to building materials such as steel and copper. Additionally, the lead time to procure data center equipment is substantial and procurement delays could increase construction cost and delay revenue generation. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements. 
 The financial statements required by this item appear in Item 15. "Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules" of this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and our board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their attestation report, which is included herein. 

67 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited DigitalBridge Group, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 , based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 , based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 , and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15, and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a)(1) and (2). Financial Statements and Schedules of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 F- 12 
 1. Business and Organization 
 F- 12 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 F- 13 
 3. Acquisitions 
 F- 29 
 4. Real Estate 
 F- 31 
 5. Equity and Debt Investments 
 F- 33 
 6. Goodwill, Deferred Leasing Costs and Other Intangibles 
 F- 36 
 7. Restricted Cash, Other Assets and Other Liabilities 
 F- 37 
 8. Debt 
 F- 38 
 9. Stockholders' Equity 
 F- 42 
 10. Noncontrolling Interests 
 F- 45 
 1 1 . Fair Value 
 F- 47 
 1 2 . Variable Interest Entities 
 F- 51 
 1 3 . Earnings per Share 
 F- 53 
 1 4 . Fee Income 
 F- 53 
 1 5 . Equity-Based Compensation 
 F- 54 
 1 6 . Transactions with Affiliates 
 F- 57 
 1 7 . Income Taxes 
 F- 59 
 18 . Segment Reporting 
 F- 62 
 1 9 . Commitments and Contingencies 
 F- 65 
 2 0 . Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 
 F- 67 
 2 1. Assets and Related Liabilities Held for Disposition 
 F- 68 
 2 2. Discontinued Operations 
 F- 70 
 2 3 . Subsequent Events 
 F- 71 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 F- 72 
 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 The Exhibit Index attached hereto is incorporated by reference under this item. 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 , and the related notes and financial statements schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 , based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 27, 2023 , expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

Asset acquisitions recognition of acquired assets Description of the Matter As more fully discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of real estate and related intangible assets for total consideration of approximately 1.7 billion. As explained in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions, and as such, the total consideration was allocated to the acquired assets and liabilities based upon their relative fair values. 
 Auditing the Company s accounting for the acquisitions was complex due to the significant estimation required by management in estimating the relative fair values of the acquired tangible and intangible assets. The significant estimation was primarily due to the judgmental nature of the inputs to the valuation models used to measure the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets as well as the sensitivity of the respective fair values to the underlying inputs or assumptions. The Company utilized the income approach (discounted cash flow method), sales comparison approach, and cost approach to estimate the fair value of the acquired tangible and intangible assets. The determination of the relative fair value of the acquired tangible assets involved a higher degree of subjectivity due to the lack of availability of directly comparable market information, while the determination of the relative fair value of the acquired intangible assets involved a higher degree of subjectivity due to the use of market assumptions that are forward looking and could be affected by future economic or market conditions. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process for allocating total consideration to the acquired tangible and intangible assets, including controls over the Company s review of the inputs and assumptions used in the fair value analysis and accuracy of the underlying data used. For example, we tested controls over the determination of the fair value of acquired tangible and intangible assets, including controls over the review of the valuation models and underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates. 
 To test the fair values of acquired tangible and intangible assets used in the purchase price allocation, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the valuation methods and significant assumptions used by management, evaluating the sensitivity of changes in inputs or assumptions on the relative fair values of the acquired assets, testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the determination of the various inputs, and testing its clerical accuracy. For a sample of acquired assets, we involved our valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the methodologies used by the Company, performed procedures to assess the reasonableness of the significant inputs or assumptions utilized in developing the fair value estimates, and performed comparative calculations to assess the reasonableness of the allocations to the acquired assets. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2009. 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 Assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Real estate, net 
 Equity and debt investments and at fair value) 
 Loans receivable (at fair value) Goodwill 
 Deferred leasing costs and intangible assets, net 
 Other assets and at fair value) 
 Due from affiliates 
 Assets held for disposition Total assets 
 Liabilities 
 Debt, net Accrued and other liabilities and at fair value) 
 Intangible liabilities, net 
 Liabilities related to assets held for disposition Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 19) 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Equity 
 Stockholders equity: 
 Preferred stock, par value per share; and liquidation preference; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value per share 
 Class A, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 
 Class B, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests in investment entities 
 Noncontrolling interests in Operating Company 
 Total equity 
 Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues 
 Property operating income Fee income , and from affiliates) 
 Interest income Other income , and from affiliates) 
 Total revenues Expenses 
 Property operating expense Interest expense Investment expense Transaction-related costs Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss Compensation expense cash and equity-based Compensation expense incentive fee and carried interest Administrative expenses Settlement loss Total expenses Other income (loss) Other losses, net ) ) ) Equity method earnings (losses) ) Equity method earnings carried interest Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 
 ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Loss from continuing operations ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests: 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Investment entities ) ) ) Operating Company ) ) ) Net loss attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) ) ) Preferred stock repurchases/redemptions (Note 9) 
 ) Preferred stock dividends Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) Loss per share basic Loss from continuing operations per common share basic ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders per common share basic ) ) ) Loss per share diluted Loss from continuing operations per common share diluted ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders per common share diluted ) ) ) Weighted average number of shares 
 Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to: Equity method investments ) ) Available-for-sale debt securities ) ) ) Cash flow hedges ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Net investment hedges ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests: Redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Investment entities ) ) ) Operating Company ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to stockholders ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests in Investment Entities Noncontrolling Interests in Operating Company Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect of adoption of new accounting guidance (Note 2) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Fair value of noncontrolling interests assumed in acquisitions 
 Deconsolidation of investment entities (Note 20) 
 ) ) Common stock repurchases ) ) ) ) Redemption of OP Units for common stock ) Equity awards issued, net of forfeitures Shares canceled for tax withholding on vested equity awards ) ) ) ) Costs of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Warrant issuance (Note 10) 
 Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Common stock dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) ) Reallocation of equity (Note 2 and 10) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F-7 

Table of Contents 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests in Investment Entities Noncontrolling Interests in Operating Company Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) Redemption of preferred stock (Note 9) 
 ) ) ) ) Exchange of notes for common stock (Note 8) 
 Shares issued pursuant to settlement liability (Note 11) 
 Deconsolidation of investment entities (Note 20) 
 ) ) ) Redemption of OP Units for common stock ) Equity awards issued, net of forfeitures Shares canceled for tax withholding on vested equity awards ) ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Reallocation of equity (Notes 2 and 10) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests in Investment Entities Noncontrolling Interests in Operating Company Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) Stock repurchases ) ) ) ) ) Cost of DataBank recapitalization ) ) ) ) DataBank recapitalization (Note 10) 
 ) Exchange of notes for common stock (Note 8) 
 Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest and warrants to fair value (Note 10) 
 ) ) ) Shares issued for redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interest (Note 10) 
 Transaction costs incurred in connection with redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Reclassification of carried interest allocated to redeemable noncontrolling interest to noncontrolling interest in investment entities (Note 10) 
 Assumption of deferred tax asset resulting from redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interest (Note 10) 
 Deconsolidation of investment entities (Note 20) 
 ) ) Redemption of OP Units for cash and class A common stock ) Equity-based compensation Shares canceled for tax withholding on vested stock awards ) ) ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interest ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Common stock dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) ) Reallocation of equity (Notes 2 and 10) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of discount and net origination fees on loans receivable and debt securities ) Paid-in-kind interest added to loan principal, net of interest received ) ) Straight-line rent income ) ) Amortization of above- and below-market lease values, net ) Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discount and premium, net Equity method (earnings) losses ) Distributions of income from equity method investments Allowance for doubtful accounts Impairment of real estate and related intangibles and right-of-use asset Goodwill impairment Depreciation and amortization Equity-based compensation Unrealized settlement loss Gain on sales of real estate, net ) ) Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Loss on extinguishment of exchangeable notes Other loss, net (Increase) decrease in other assets and due from affiliates ) Increase in accrued and other liabilities and due to affiliates Other adjustments, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Contributions to and acquisition of equity investments ) ) ) Return of capital from equity method investments Acquisition of loans receivable and debt securities ) ) Net disbursements on originated loans ) ) ) Repayments of loans receivable Proceeds from sales of loans receivable and debt securities, including transfers of warehoused loans Acquisition of and additions to real estate, related intangibles and leasing commissions ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of real estate, including transfers of warehoused assets, net of property level cash transferred to buyer Proceeds from paydown and maturity of debt securities Proceeds from sale of equity investments Investment deposits ) ) Proceeds from sale of corporate fixed assets Net receipts on settlement of derivatives Acquisition of DBH, net of cash acquired, and payment of deferred purchase price 
 ) Other investing activities, net ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Financing Activities Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Debt borrowings Debt repayments ) ) ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to and redemptions of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Contribution from Wafra 
 Redemptions/repurchases of preferred stock ) ) ) Shares canceled for tax withholdings on vested equity awards ) ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interest ) Other financing activities, net ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 
 
 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to consolidated balance sheets 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Restricted cash included in assets held for disposition Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period End of the period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Restricted cash included in assets held for disposition Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

of the OP , as its sole managing member. The remaining is owned primarily by certain current and former employees of the Company as noncontrolling interests. 
 Transition to Taxable C Corporation 
 Following the completion of the Company's business transformation in the first quarter of 2022 (as described below) and due to the pace of growth of its investment management business and other strategic transactions that it may pursue, the Company s Board of Directors and management agreed to discontinue actions necessary to maintain qualification as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for 2022. Commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2022, all of the Company s taxable income, except for income generated by subsidiaries that have elected or anticipate electing REIT status, is subject to U.S. federal and state income tax at the applicable corporate tax rate. Dividends paid to stockholders are no longer tax deductible. The Company is also no longer subject to the REIT requirement for distributions to stockholders when the Company has taxable income. 
 The Company anticipates that operating as a taxable C Corporation will provide the Company with flexibility to execute various strategic initiatives without the constraints of complying with REIT requirements. This includes retaining and reinvesting earnings in other new initiatives in the investment management business. 
 The Company s transition to a taxable C Corporation is not expected to result in significant incremental current income tax expense in the near term due to the availability of significant capital loss and net operating loss NOL carryforwards. Furthermore, earnings from the Company's investment management business, which is conducted through its previously designated taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS"), remain the primary source of income subject to U.S. federal and state income tax. See Note 17 for additional information. 
 Business Transformation 
 In February 2022, the Company completed the disposition of substantially all of its non-digital assets. This marked the completion of the Company's transformation from a REIT and investment manager in traditional real estate into an investment manager focused primarily on digital infrastructure. 
 The disposition of its hotel portfolio (March 2021), Other Equity and Debt ("OED") investments and non-digital investment management ("Other IM") business (December 2021), and Wellness Infrastructure portfolio (February 2022) each represented a strategic shift in the Company's business that had a significant effect on the Company s operations and financial results, and accordingly, had met the criteria as discontinued operations. For all current and prior periods presented, the related assets and liabilities, to the extent they have not been disposed at the respective balance sheet dates, are presented as assets and liabilities held for disposition on the consolidated balance sheets (Note 21), and the related operating results are presented as discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of operations (Note 22). 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

-for-one basis. At the end of each reporting period, noncontrolling interests in OP is adjusted to reflect their ownership percentage in OP at the end of the period, through a reallocation between controlling and noncontrolling interests in OP, as applicable. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

to years 
 Building to years 
 Building improvements to years 
 Tenant improvements Lesser of useful life or remaining term of lease Data center infrastructure to years 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment to years 
 
 Impairment The Company evaluates its real estate held for investment for impairment periodically or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates real estate for impairment generally on an individual property basis. If an impairment indicator exists, the Company evaluates the undiscounted future net cash flows that are expected to be generated by the property, including any estimated proceeds from the eventual disposition of the property. If multiple outcomes are under consideration, the Company may apply either a probability-weighted cash flows approach or the single-most-likely estimate of cash flows approach, whichever is more appropriate under the circumstances. Based upon the analysis, if the carrying value of a property exceeds its undiscounted future net cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of the property over the estimated fair value of the property. In evaluating and/or measuring impairment, the Company considers, among other things, current and estimated future cash flows associated with each property for the duration of the estimated hold period of each property, market information for each sub-market, including, where applicable, competition levels, foreclosure levels, leasing trends, occupancy trends, lease or room rates, and the market prices of similar properties recently sold or currently being offered for sale, expected capitalization rates at exit, and other quantitative and qualitative factors. Another key consideration in this assessment is the Company's assumptions about the highest and best use of its real estate investments and its intent and ability to hold them for a reasonable period that would allow for the recovery of their carrying values. If such assumptions change and the Company shortens its expected hold period, this may result in the recognition of impairment losses. 
 Real Estate Held for Disposition 
 Real estate is classified as held for disposition in the period when (i) management approves a plan to sell the asset, (ii) the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition, subject only to usual and customary terms, (iii) a program is initiated to locate a buyer and actively market the asset for sale at a reasonable price, and (iv) completion of the sale is probable within one year. 
 Real estate held for disposition is stated at the lower of its carrying amount or estimated fair value less disposal cost, with any write-down to fair value less disposal cost recorded as an impairment loss. For any increase in fair value less disposal cost subsequent to classification as held for disposition, the impairment loss may be reversed, but only up to the amount of cumulative loss previously recognized. Depreciation is not recorded on assets classified as held for disposition. At the time a sale is consummated, the excess, if any, of sale price less selling costs over carrying value of the real estate is recognized as a gain. 
 If circumstances arise that were previously considered unlikely and, as a result, the Company decides not to sell the real estate asset previously classified as held for disposition, the real estate asset is reclassified as held for investment. Upon reclassification, the real estate asset is measured at the lower of (i) its carrying amount prior to classification as held for disposition, adjusted for depreciation expense that would have been recognized had the real estate been continuously classified as held for investment, or (ii) its estimated fair value at the time the Company decides not to sell. 
 Foreclosed Properties 
 The Company may receive foreclosed properties in full or partial settlement of loans receivable by taking legal title or physical possession of the properties. Foreclosed properties are generally recognized at the time the real estate is received at foreclosure sale or upon execution of a deed in lieu of foreclosure. Foreclosed properties are initially measured at fair value. If the fair value of the property is lower than the carrying value of the loan, the difference is recognized as provision for loan loss and the cumulative loss allowance on the loan is charged off. The Company periodically evaluates foreclosed properties for subsequent decrease in fair value which is recorded as additional impairment loss. Fair value of foreclosed properties is generally based on third party appraisals, broker price opinions, comparable sales or a combination thereof. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

F-18 

Table of Contents 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

F-20 

Table of Contents 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

and years for furniture, fixtures, equipment and capitalized software, and over the shorter of the lease term or useful life for leasehold improvements. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

F-23 

Table of Contents 

F-24 

Table of Contents 

F-25 

Table of Contents 

F-26 

Table of Contents 

million decrease to beginning equity, composed of: (i) an million decrease to beginning equity, representing the Company's share of the cumulative effect adjustment of adopting the lifetime current expected credit loss ("CECL") model by its equity method investee, BRSP; partially offset by (ii) a million increase to beginning equity, reflecting the cumulative effect adjustment of the Company's election of the fair value option for all of its then outstanding loans receivable. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

F-28 

Table of Contents 

billion for an approximately equity interest in entities that hold Vantage Data Centers Holdings, LLC's ("Vantage") portfolio of stabilized hyperscale data centers in North America and billion of secured indebtedness Vantage SDC ). The remaining equity interest in Vantage SDC is held by the investors of Vantage prior to the Company's acquisition, and together with the third party capital raised by the Company, represent noncontrolling interests. The Company's balance sheet investment was approximately million or a equity interest in Vantage SDC. Vantage SDC is a carve-out from Vantage's data center business. The acquisition excluded Vantage's remaining portfolio of development-stage data centers and its employees, all of which were retained by Vantage. The day-to-day operations of Vantage SDC continue to be managed by Vantage's existing management company in exchange for management fees, and subject to certain approval rights held by the Company and the co-investors in connection with material actions. 
 Pursuant to a purchase option in connection with the July 2020 acquisition, the Company acquired an additional data center in Santa Clara, California in September 2021 for million in cash. The acquisition was funded through borrowings by Vantage SDC, with a deferred amount of million to be paid upon future lease-up, and additional consideration contingent on lease-up of the remaining capacity. 
 In connection with the July 2020 and September 2021 acquisitions, the Company and its co-investors also committed to acquire the future build-out of expansion capacity, along with lease-up of the expanded capacity and existing inventory, the costs of which are borne by the previous owners of Vantage SDC. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining consideration for the incremental lease-up acquisitions is estimated to be approximately million. Most, if not all, of the cost of the expansion capacity has been or will be funded by Vantage SDC from borrowings under its credit facilities and/or cash from operations. Pursuant to this arrangement, Vantage SDC had and new tenant leases related to a portion of the expansion capacity that commenced in 2022 and 2021, respectively, for aggregate consideration of million and million, respectively. All of these payments were made to the previous owners of Vantage SDC and are treated as asset acquisitions. 
 Acquisitions by DataBank (the Company's edge colocation data center subsidiary) 
 2022 
 colocation data centers in Houston, Texas in March 2022 for million, funded by a combination of million of debt and million of equity, of which the Company's share was million. 
 A data center each in Atlanta, Georgia in May 2022 for million, and in Denver, Colorado in February 2022 that was previously leased by its zColo subsidiary for million. 
 2021 
 data centers in the zColo portfolio in France in February 2021 for million. 
 building each in Colorado and New York in the third quarter of 2021 totaling million, to be redeveloped into data centers. 
 2020 
 zColo, the colocation business of Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. ("Zayo") in December 2020, composed of data centers in the U.S. and the U.K., for approximately billion through a combination of debt and equity financing, including billion of third party co-invest capital raised by the Company. The Company's balance sheet investment was then million. Zayo is an anchor tenant within the zColo facilities and is a significant customer of DataBank.data centers 
 Tower Assets 
 In June 2022, the Company acquired the mobile telecommunications tower business TowerCo of Telenet Group Holding NV (Euronext Brussels: TNET) for million or million (including transaction costs) . In December 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

million of debt, million of equity from the Company, and million in third party equity. In addition to the purchase price, the funds had been used to finance transaction costs, debt issuance costs, working capital and as operating cash. Prior to transfer, TowerCo was presented within Corporate and Other. 
 Allocation of Consideration Transferred 
 Real estate Intangible assets ROU and other assets Debt ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Intangible, lease and other liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Fair value of net assets acquired 
 Real estate was valued based upon (i) current replacement cost for buildings in an as-vacant state and improvements, estimated using construction cost guidelines; (ii) current replacement cost for data center infrastructure by applying an estimated cost per kilowatt based upon current capacity of each location and also considering the associated indirect costs such as design, engineering, construction and installation; (iii) current replacement cost for towers in consideration of their remaining economic life; and (iv) recent comparable sales or current listings for land. Useful lives of real estate acquired range from to years for buildings and improvements, to years for site improvements, to years for towers and related equipment, to years for data center infrastructure, and to years for furniture, fixtures and equipment. 
 Lease-related intangibles for real estate acquisitions were composed of the following: 
 In-place leases reflect the value of rental income forgone if the properties had been acquired vacant, and the leasing commissions, legal and marketing costs that would have been incurred to lease up the properties, discounted at rates between and , with remaining lease terms ranging between and years. 
 Above- and below-market leases represent the rent differential for the remaining lease term between contractual rents of acquired leases and market rents at the time of acquisition, discounted at rates between and with remaining lease terms ranging between and years. 
 Tenant relationships represent the estimated net cash flows attributable to the likelihood of lease renewal by an existing tenant relative to the cost of obtaining a new lease, taking into consideration the estimated time it would require to execute a new lease or backfill a vacant space, discounted at rates between and , with estimated useful lives between and years. 
 Customer service contracts were valued based upon estimated net cash flows generated from the zColo customer service contracts that would have been forgone if such contracts were not in place, taking into consideration the time it would require to execute a new contract, with remaining term of the contracts ranging between and years. 
 Customer relationships for zColo were valued as the incremental net cash flows to business attributable to the in-place customer relationships, discounted at a rate of , with an estimated useful life of years. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

, with estimated useful lives between and years. 
 Other intangible assets acquired were as follows: 
 Trade name of zColo was valued based upon estimated savings from avoided royalty at a rate of , discounted at , with a year useful life. 
 Assembled workforce was valued based upon estimated cost of recruiting and training new data center employees for zColo, with a year useful life. 
 Deferred tax liabilities were recognized for the book-to-tax basis difference associated with the TowerCo acquisition. 
 Debt assumed from the Vantage SDC acquisition in 2020 was valued based upon market rates and spreads that prevailed at the time of acquisition for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. 
 Other assets acquired and liabilities assumed include primarily lease ROU assets associated with leasehold data centers and ground space hosting tower communication sites, along with corresponding lease liabilities. Lease liabilities were measured based upon the present value of future lease payments over the lease term, discounted at the incremental borrowing rate of the respective acquiree entities. Other liabilities in 2021 also included a deferred purchase consideration associated with the Vantage SDC add-on acquisition. 
 Business Combination in 2023 
 Infrastructure Investment Management Platform 
 million (or million including working capital, net of cash assumed), subject to customary post-closing adjustments up to days after closing; and (ii) a contingent amount of up to A million (approximately million), generally based upon achievement of future fundraising targets for InfraBridge's new global infrastructure funds. 
 
 Buildings and improvements Data center infrastructure Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Real estate assets, net 
 Real Estate Depreciation 
 Depreciation of real estate held for investment was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

Variable lease income 
 Data center service revenue 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, property operating income from a single customer accounted for approximately and , respectively, of the Company's total revenues from continuing operations, or approximately for both periods, of the Company's share of total revenues from continuing operations, net of amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests in investment entities. There was similar tenant concentration in 2020. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

Company-sponsored private funds equity investment in funds 
 Company-sponsored private funds unrealized carried interest 
 Other Other equity investments Marketable securities (Note 11) 
 Private funds and non-traded REIT Other Total equity investments Debt securities CLO subordinated notes Equity and debt investments 
 __________ 
 (1) At December 31, 2021, excluded approximately shares and million units in BRSP held by NRF Holdco that were included in assets held for disposition (Note 21). NRF Holdco was sold in February 2022. 
 Equity Investments 
 The Company's equity investments represent noncontrolling equity interests in various entities, primarily BRSP, interests in the Company's sponsored digital investment vehicles, and marketable securities held largely by private open-end liquid funds sponsored and consolidated by the Company. 
 For equity method investments, the liabilities of the investment entities may only be settled using the assets of these entities and there is no recourse to the general credit of the Company for the obligations of these entities. The Company is not required to provide financial or other support in excess of its capital commitments, where applicable, and its exposure is limited to its investment balance. 
 The Company evaluates its equity method investments for OTTI at each reporting period. In 2021, OTTI was recorded only on equity method investments held for disposition, as discussed in Note 21. 
 BrightSpire Capital, Inc. (NYSE: BRSP) 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company owned approximately million shares in BRSP for a interest in BRSP at December 31, 2021, including BRSP shares and units held by NRF Holdco that were disposed in February 2022), accounted for under the equity method as it exercises significant influence over BRSP's operating and financial policies through its substantial ownership interest. In connection with the internalization of BRSP in April 2021, the Company had entered into a stockholders agreement with BRSP, pursuant to which the Company agreed, for so long as the Company owns at least of BRSP's outstanding common shares, to vote in BRSP director elections as recommended by BRSP s board of directors at any stockholders' meeting that occurs prior to BRSP's 2023 annual stockholders' meeting. In addition, the Company is subject to customary standstill restrictions, including an obligation not to initiate or make stockholder proposals, nominate directors or participate in proxy solicitations, until the beginning of the advance notice window for BRSP's 2023 annual meeting. Except as aforementioned, the Company may vote its shares in its sole discretion in any votes of BRSP s stockholders and is prohibited from acquiring additional BRSP shares. 
 Disposition In 2022 and 2020, there were no dispositions of the Company's BRSP shares. In August 2021, the Company sold BRSP shares through a secondary offering by BRSP for net proceeds of approximately million, after underwriting discounts. A net gain was recognized in equity method earnings within continuing operations of million (including basis difference associated with the BRSP shares disposed, as discussed below). 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

million in 2022 and million in 2020. In 2022, the Company determined that given the continuing market volatility, its anticipated hold period for its investment in BRSP may not be sufficient to allow for a recovery of BRSP's stock price relative to the Company's carrying value of its investment in BRSP. In 2020, concerns over the likelihood of a near term recovery of BRSP's stock price stemmed from then uncertainties surrounding the pandemic and its effect on the economy and equity markets. The OTTI charge was measured as the excess of carrying value over market value of the Company's investment in BRSP based upon BRSP's closing stock price on December 30, 2022, the last trading day of the quarter, and on June 30, 2020, respectively. There was no OTTI in 2021 as the fair value of the Company's investment in BRSP was in excess of its carrying value. 
 As a result of the impairment charge, the carrying value of the Company's investment in BRSP as of December 31, 2022 represents a non-recurring fair value that was measured under the Level 1 fair value hierarchy. 
 Basis Difference The Company recorded impairment charges on its investment in BRSP in 2022, 2020 and 2019, with each instance resulting in a basis difference between the Company's carrying value of its investment in BRSP (based upon BRSP's share price at the time of impairment) and the Company's proportionate share of BRSP's book value of equity at the time of impairment. The impairment charges were applied to the Company's investment in BRSP as a whole and were not determined based upon an impairment assessment of individual assets held by BRSP. Therefore, the impairment charges were generally allocated on a relative fair value basis across BRSP's various investments. Accordingly, for any subsequent resolutions or write-downs taken by BRSP on these investments, the Company's share thereof is not recorded as an equity method loss but is applied to reduce the basis difference until such time the basis difference in connection with the respective investments has been fully eliminated. Upon resolution of these investments by BRSP or upon the Company's disposition of its shares in BRSP, the basis difference related to resolved investments or the proportion of basis difference associated with the BRSP shares disposed is applied to calculate the Company's share of net gain or loss resulting from such resolution or disposition. The Company increased its share of net earnings or reduced its share of net losses from BRSP by million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020, representing the basis difference allocated to investments that were resolved or impaired by BRSP during these periods. The basis difference balance at December 31, 2022 was million. 
 Carried Interest 
 The carried interest on balance sheet date represents unrealized carried interest in connection with sponsored funds that are currently in the early stage of their lifecycle. Unrealized carried interest may be subject to reversal until such time it is realized. Carried interest allocation is presented gross of accrued carried interest compensation (Note 7). 
 Carried Interest Distributed 
 In the second half of 2022, million of carried interest was distributed and recognized in equity method earnings. million of the distributed carried interest was allocated to current and former employees and to Wafra (Note 10), recorded as carried interest compensation and amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests (Note 16). 
 Clawback Obligation 
 Carried interest distributions may be subject to clawback if decline in investment values results in cumulative performance of the fund falling below minimum return hurdles in the interim period. At December 31, 2022, the Company does not have a liability for clawback obligations on distributed carried interest. 
 With respect to funds that have distributed carried interest, if in the event all of their investments are deemed to have no value, the likelihood of which is remote, carried interest distributions of million would be subject to clawback as of December 31, 2022, of which million would be the responsibility of the employee and former employee recipients. For this purpose, a portion of the carried interest allocated is generally held back from these recipients at the time of distribution. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

Total liabilities Owners' equity Noncontrolling interests 
 Selected Combined Statements of Operations Information 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Total revenues Net income (loss) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to owners ) 
 Investment and Lending Commitments 
 Sponsored Funds 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had unfunded commitments to its sponsored funds of million, including commitments to a consolidated fund. 
 Loans Receivable 
 The Company's DataBank subsidiary has lending commitments to a borrower, which is available to be drawn subject to satisfaction by the borrower of certain financial and operating metrics and an agreed upon budget. At December 31, 2022, the unfunded lending commitments was million, of which the Company's share was million, net of amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests in investment entities. At December 31, 2022, the borrower has not met the required criteria for further funding. 
 Debt Securities 
 In the third quarter of 2022, bank syndicated loans that the Company previously warehoused were transferred into a third party warehouse entity at their acquisition price totaling million, and securitized through the issuance of collateralized loan obligation ("CLO") securities. The corresponding warehouse facility of million was repaid by the Company. The CLO is sponsored and managed by the third party. The Company acquired all of the subordinated notes of the CLO, which are classified as AFS debt securities. The CLO has a stated legal final maturity of 2035. 

F-35 

Table of Contents 

Operating Total goodwill 
 __________ 
 million at December 31, 2022 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Deferred Leasing Costs, Other Intangible Assets and Intangible Liabilities 
 ) ) Investment management intangibles (3) 
 ) ) Customer relationships and service contracts (4) 
 ) ) Trade names ) ) Other (5) 
 ) ) Total deferred leasing costs and intangible assets ) ) Intangible Liabilities Lease intangible liabilities (2) 
 ) ) 
 __________ 
 (1) Amounts are presented net of impairments and write-offs. 
 (2) Lease intangible assets are composed of in-place leases, above-market leases and tenant relationships. Lease-intangible liabilities are composed of below-market leases. 
 (3) Composed of investment management contracts and investor relationships. 
 (4) In connection with tower assets and data center services provided in the colocation data center business. 
 
 Impairment of Identifiable Intangible Assets 
 There was no impairment on identifiable intangible assets in 2022. In 2021, impairment was recorded only on identifiable intangible assets held for disposition (Note 21). In 2020, an investment management contract was written down by million to a fair value of million at the time of impairment, classified as Level 3 and determined based upon the revised future net cash flows over the remaining life of the contract. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

) ) Amortization expense Deferred leasing costs and lease-related intangibles Investment management intangibles Customer relationships and service contracts Trade name Other 
 __________ 
 (1) Represents the net effect of amortizing above- and below-market leases.) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization expense 
 
 Investment deposits and pending deal costs Prefunded capital expenditures for Vantage SDC Derivative assets Prepaid taxes and deferred tax assets, net Receivables from resolution of investment Operating lease right-of-use asset, net Finance lease right-of-use asset, net Accounts receivable, net (1) 
 Prepaid expenses Other assets Fixed assets, net (2) 
 Total other assets 
 __________ 
 (1) Includes primarily receivables from tenants. 
 (2) Net of accumulated depreciation of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 . 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

Interest payable Dividends payable Securities sold short consolidated funds 
 Current and deferred income tax liability 
 Contingent consideration payable (Note 10) 
 Warrants issued to Wafra (Note 10) 
 Operating lease liability Finance lease liability Accrued compensation Accrued incentive fee and carried interest compensation Accrued real estate and other taxes Payable for Vantage SDC expansion capacity (Note 3) 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to affiliates (Note 16) 
 Other liabilities Accrued and other liabilities 
 __________ 
 (1) Represents primarily prepaid rental income, upfront payment received for data center installation services, and deferred investment management fees. Deferred investment management fees of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 are expected to be recognized as fee income over a weighted average period of years and years, respectively. Deferred investment management fees recognized as income of million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, pertain to the deferred management fee balance at the beginning of each respective period. 
 
 Premium (discount), net ) Deferred financing costs ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Debt at amortized cost Principal Premium (discount), net ) Deferred financing costs ) ) ) ) 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

NA Convertible and exchangeable senior notes NA NA Non-recourse Investment-Level Secured Debt Operating segment Other NA NA December 31, 2021 Recourse Secured Fund Fee Revenue Notes (3) 
 NA Convertible and exchangeable senior notes (4) 
 NA NA Non-recourse Investment-Level Secured Debt Operating segment Other NA NA 
 __________ 
 (1) Calculated based upon outstanding debt principal at balance sheet date. For variable rate debt, weighted average interest rate is calculated based upon the applicable index plus spread at balance sheet date. 
 (2) Calculated based upon anticipated repayment dates for notes issued under securitization financing; otherwise based upon initial maturity dates, or extended maturity dates if extension criteria are met for extensions that are at the Company's option. 
 (3) Represent obligations of special-purpose subsidiaries of the OP as co-issuers and certain other special-purpose subsidiaries of DBRG, and secured by assets of these special-purpose subsidiaries, as further described below. DBRG and the OP are not guarantors to the debt. 
 exchangeable senior notes issued by NRF Holdco that were classified as held for disposition (Note 21) and subsequently assumed by the acquirer in February 2022. 
 Securitized Financing Facility 
 In July 2021, special-purpose subsidiaries of the OP (the "Co-Issuers") issued Series 2021-1 Secured Fund Fee Revenue Notes, composed of: (i) million aggregate principal amount of Secured Fund Fee Revenue Notes, Series 2021-1, Class A-2 (the Class A-2 Notes and (ii) up to million (following a million increase in April 2022) Secured Fund Fee Revenue Variable Funding Notes, Series 2021-1, Class A-1 (the VFN and, together with the Class A-2 Notes, the Series 2021-1 Notes ). The VFN allow the Co-Issuers to borrow on a revolving basis. The Series 2021-1 Notes were issued under an Indenture dated July 2021, as amended in April 2022, that allows the Co-Issuers to issue additional series of notes in the future, subject to certain conditions. The Series 2021-1 Notes had replaced the Company's previous corporate credit facility. 
 The Series 2021-1 Notes represent obligations of the Co-Issuers and certain other special-purpose subsidiaries of DBRG, and neither DBRG, the OP nor any of its other subsidiaries are liable for the obligations of the Co-Issuers. The Series 2021-1 Notes are secured by investment management fees earned by subsidiaries of DBRG, equity interests in certain digital portfolio companies and limited partnership interests in certain digital funds managed by subsidiaries of DBRG, as collateral. 
 The Class A-2 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable quarterly. The VFN bear interest generally based upon 1-month Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate or SOFR (prior to April 2022, 3-month LIBOR) or 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

. Unused amounts under the VFN facility is subject to a commitment fee of per annum. The final maturity date of the Class A-2 Notes is in September 2051, with an anticipated repayment date in September 2026. The anticipated repayment date of the VFN is in September 2024, subject to extensions at the option of the Co-Issuers. If the Series 2021-1 Notes are not repaid or refinanced prior to their anticipated repayment date, or such date is not extended for the VFN, interest will accrue at a higher rate and the Series 2021-1 Notes will begin to amortize quarterly. 
 The Series 2021-1 Notes may be optionally prepaid, in whole or in part, prior to their anticipated repayment dates. There is no prepayment penalty on the VFN. However, prepayment of the Class A-2 Notes will be subject to additional consideration based upon the difference between the present value of future payments of principal and interest and the outstanding principal of such Class A-2 Note that is being prepaid; or of the outstanding principal of such Class A-2 Note that is being prepaid in connection with a disposition of collateral. 
 The Indenture of the Series 2021-1 Notes contains various covenants, including financial covenants that require the maintenance of minimum thresholds for debt service coverage ratio and maximum loan-to-value ratio, as defined. As of the date of this filing, the Co-Issuers are in compliance with all of the financial covenants, and the full million under the VFN is available to be drawn. 
 Convertible and Exchangeable Senior Notes 
 April 22, 2020 Issued by DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC 5.75 Exchangeable Senior Notes July 2020 July 15, 2025 July 21, 2023 
 __________ 
 principal of each senior note. 
 The senior notes mature on their respective due dates, unless earlier redeemed, repurchased, converted or exchanged, as applicable. The outstanding senior notes are convertible or exchangeable at any time by holders of such notes into shares of the Company s common stock at the applicable conversion or exchange rate, which is subject to adjustment upon occurrence of certain events. 
 To the extent certain trading conditions of the Company s common stock are met, the senior notes are redeemable by the applicable issuer thereof in whole or in part for cash at any time on or after their respective earliest redemption dates at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of such senior notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest (if any) up to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 In the event of certain change in control transactions, holders of the senior notes have the right to require the applicable issuer to purchase all or part of such holder's senior notes for cash in accordance with terms of the governing documents of the respective senior notes. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

exchangeable notes, as follows: 
 Principal of 5.75 Exchangeable Notes Exchanged 
 Consideration for Exchange (In thousands) Class A Common Stock Issued Cash Paid March 2022 October and November 2021 
 The March 2022 exchanges resulted in a debt extinguishment loss of million, calculated as the excess of consideration paid over the carrying value of the notes exchanged, and recorded in other loss on the consolidated statement of operations. Consideration was measured at fair value based upon the closing price of the Company's class A common stock on the date of the respective exchanges, and cash paid, net of transaction costs. Unlike the exchange transactions in 2021, the March 2022 exchanges did not qualify for debt conversion accounting and were treated as a debt extinguishment as the Company issued less than the number of shares issuable under the stated exchange ratio of shares per 1,000 of note principal exchanged. 
 The exchange transactions in the fourth quarter of 2021 were treated as debt conversions that resulted in a debt conversion expense of million, recorded as interest expense, as the original exchange ratio was adjusted to account for savings on avoided future interest payments otherwise due to the noteholders. The debt conversion expense represents the shares of the Company's class A common stock issued in excess of such shares issuable pursuant to the original exchange ratio, and measured at fair value based upon the closing price of the Company's class A common stock on the date of the respective exchanges. 
 Investment-Level Secured Debt 
 These are investment level financing that are non-recourse to the Company and secured by data center portfolios held by subsidiaries in the Operating segment, and at December 31, 2021, also secured by previously warehoused loans receivable. At December 31, 2022, the subsidiaries in the Operating segment were in compliance with the financial covenants underlying their respective investment-level secured debt. 
 While there were no securitization activities in 2022, in 2021, however, subsidiaries in the Operating segment refinanced or raised additional debt through new securitization transactions, as follows. 
 In March 2021 and October 2021, DataBank raised million and million of securitized notes at blended fixed rates of and per annum, respectively. Proceeds from the March securitization were applied principally to refinance million of outstanding debt, which meaningfully reduced DataBank's overall cost of debt and extended its debt maturities, while the October proceeds were used to repay borrowings on its credit facility and to finance future acquisitions. 
 In November 2021, Vantage SDC issued million of securitized notes at a blended fixed rate of per annum. Proceeds were applied to replace its current bridge financing and fund capital expenditures on the September 2021 add-on acquisition as well as to fund payments for future build-out and lease-up of expansion capacity. 
 
 Convertible and exchangeable senior notes Investment-level secured debt Operating segment Other Total 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 

Shares issued upon redemption of OP Units Repurchase of common stock, net (1) 
 ) Equity-based compensation, net of forfeitures Shares canceled for tax withholding on vested stock awards ) Shares outstanding at December 31, 2020 Redemption of preferred stock ) Exchange of notes for class A common stock Shares issued upon redemption of OP Units Conversion of class B to class A common stock ) Shares issued pursuant to settlement liability (2) 
 Equity awards issued, net of forfeitures Shares canceled for tax withholding on vested equity awards ) Shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 Stock repurchases ) ) Exchange of notes for class A common stock Shares issued upon redemption of OP Units Shares issued for redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interest (Note 10) 
 Equity awards issued, net of forfeitures Shares canceled for tax withholding on vested equity awards ) Shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 __________ 
 (1) Shares repurchased in 2020 are presented net of reissuance of shares of class A common stock in connection with a settlement liability. In 2021, the liability was settled through the reissuance of some of the repurchased shares that were held in a subsidiary (Note 11). Shares repurchased and not reissued were cancelled. 
 (2) In 2021, the settlement liability was settled through the reissuance of some of the shares previously repurchased and held in a subsidiary (Note 11). Shares of class A common stock repurchased and not reissued in the settlement of the liability were subsequently cancelled. 
 Preferred Stock 
 In the event of a liquidation or dissolution of the Company, preferred stockholders have priority over common stockholders for payment of dividends and distribution of net assets. 
 April 2015 Currently redeemable Series I June 2017 Currently redeemable Series J September 2017 Currently redeemable 
 All series of preferred stock are at parity with respect to dividends and distributions, including distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. Dividends on Series H, I and J of preferred stock are payable quarterly in arrears in January, April, July and October. 
 Each series of preferred stock is redeemable on or after the earliest redemption date for that series at per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) prorated to their redemption dates, exclusively at the Company s option. The redemption period for each series of preferred stock is subject to the Company s right under limited circumstances to redeem the preferred stock upon the occurrence of a change of control (as defined in the articles supplementary relating to each series of preferred stock). 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 

additional directors to the Company s board of directors, until all unpaid dividends have been paid or declared and set aside for payment. In addition, certain changes to the terms of any series of preferred stock cannot be made without the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of each such series of preferred stock voting separately as a class for each series of preferred stock. 
 Common Stock 
 Except with respect to voting rights, class A common stock and class B common stock have the same rights and privileges and rank equally, share ratably in dividends and distributions, and are identical in all respects as to all matters. Class A common stock has vote per share and class B common stock has thirty-six and one-half votes per share. This gives the holders of class B common stock a right to vote that reflects the aggregate outstanding non-voting economic interest in the Company (in the form of OP Units) attributable to class B common stock holders and therefore, does not provide any disproportionate voting rights. Class B common stock was issued as consideration in the Company's acquisition in April 2015 of the investment management business and operations of its former manager, which was previously controlled by the Company's former Executive Chairman. Each share of class B common stock shall convert automatically into share of class A common stock if the former Executive Chairman or his beneficiaries directly or indirectly transfer beneficial ownership of class B common stock or OP Units held by them, other than to certain qualified transferees, which generally includes affiliates and employees. In addition, each holder of class B common stock has the right, at the holder s option, to convert all or a portion of such holder s class B common stock into an equal number of shares of class A common stock. 
 The Company reinstated quarterly common stock dividends at 0.01 per share beginning the third quarter of 2022, having previously suspended common stock dividends from the second quarter of 2020 through the second quarter of 2022. 
 Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company's Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan (the DRIP Plan provides existing common stockholders and other investors the opportunity to purchase shares (or additional shares, as applicable) of the Company's class A common stock by reinvesting some or all of the cash dividends received on their shares of the Company's class A common stock or making optional cash purchases within specified parameters. The DRIP Plan involves the acquisition of the Company's class A common stock either in the open market, directly from the Company as newly issued common stock, or in privately negotiated transactions with third parties. To date, shares of class A common stock have been acquired under the DRIP Plan in the form of new issuances in the last three years. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 In August 2022, the Company effectuated a one-for-four reverse stock split of its outstanding shares of class A and class B common stock. The number of authorized shares of common stock was not adjusted in connection with the reverse stock split, however, the Company intends to seek stockholder approval to make a proportional change to the number of authorized shares of class A and class B common stock at its next annual meeting of stockholders. Par value of common stock was proportionately increased from to per share. Common stock share and per share information, including OP Units and stock award units, as well as the Company's senior note conversion or exchange ratio in common stock shares have been revised for all periods presented to give effect to the reverse stock split. 
 Stock Repurchases and Redemptions 
 Pursuant to a million stock repurchase program announced in July 2022, the Company repurchased (i) shares in aggregate across Series H, I and J preferred stock at a discount for million, or a weighted average price of per share; and (ii) shares of class A common stock for million, or a weighted average price of per share, in the third and fourth quarters of 2022. The program expires on June 30, 2023 and may be extended, modified, or discontinued at any time by the Company's Board of Directors. 
 In 2021, the Company redeemed all of its outstanding Series G preferred stock in August for million using proceeds from its securitized financing facility and shares of its Series H preferred stock in November for approximately million. All redemptions were made at the liquidation preference of per share. 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 

million. During the first quarter of 2020, pursuant to a million stock repurchase program that expired in May 2020, the Company repurchased shares of class A common stock for million, or a weighted average price of per share. 
 With respect to preferred stock, the excess or deficit of the repurchase or redemption price over the carrying value of the preferred stock results in a decrease or increase to net income attributable to common stockholders, respectively. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) AOCI at December 31, 2020 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Deconsolidation of investment entities ) ) AOCI at December 31, 2021 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) ) ) AOCI at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 Changes in Components of AOCI Noncontrolling Interests in Investment Entities 
 (In thousands) Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Cash Flow Hedges Foreign Currency Translation Gain (Loss) Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Net Investment Hedges Total AOCI at December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) AOCI at December 31, 2020 ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Deconsolidation of investment entities ) ) AOCI at December 31, 2021 Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) AOCI at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 

Other gain (loss), net 
 Release of foreign currency cumulative translation adjustments ) ) Other gain (loss), net 
 Unrealized gain on dedesignated net investment hedges Other gain (loss), net 
 Realized gain on net investment hedges Other gain (loss), net 
 Realized loss on cash flow hedges ) Other gain (loss), net 
 Deconsolidation of investment entities Other gain (loss), net 
 Release of equity in AOCI of equity method investments Equity method earnings (losses) 

Contributions Distributions paid and payable, including redemptions by limited partners in consolidated funds ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Adjustment of Wafra's interest to redemption value and warrants held by Wafra to fair value Redemption of Wafra's interest ) Reclassification of warrants held by Wafra to liability in May 2022 (Note 7) 
 ) Reclassification of Wafra's carried interest allocation to noncontrolling interests in investment entities in May 2022 ) Ending balance 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest in Investment Management 
 Strategic Investment in 2020 
 In July 2020, the Company formed a strategic partnership with affiliates of Wafra, Inc. (collectively, "Wafra"), a private investment firm and a global partner for alternative asset managers, in which Wafra made a minority investment in substantially all of the Company's investment management business. The investment entitled Wafra to participate in approximately of the net management fees and carried interest generated by the investment management business. 
 Pursuant to this strategic partnership, Wafra assumed directly and also indirectly through a participation interest million of the Company's commitments to DigitalBridge Partners, LP ("DBP I"), and has a million commitment to DigitalBridge Partners II, LP ("DBP II") that has been partially funded to-date. These are the Company's flagship value-add equity infrastructure funds. Wafra had also agreed to make commitments to the Company's future funds and investment vehicles on a pro rata basis with the Company based on Wafra's percentage interest in the investment management business, subject to certain caps. 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 

warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of of the Company s class A common stock at the time of the transaction, on a fully-diluted, post-transaction basis). Each warrant entitles Wafra to purchase up to shares of the Company's class A common stock at staggered strike prices between and each, exercisable through July 17, 2026. No warrants have been exercised to-date. 
 Wafra paid cash consideration of million at closing in exchange for its investment in the investment management business and for the warrants. As previously agreed, Wafra paid additional consideration of million in April 2021 based upon the investment management business having achieved a minimum run-rate of earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (as defined for the purpose of this computation) of million as of December 31, 2020. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors had approved an allocation of of the contingent consideration received from Wafra as incentive compensation to management, to be paid on behalf of certain employees to fund a portion of their share of capital contributions to the DBP funds as capital calls are made for these funds. Compensation expense is recognized over time based upon an estimated timeline for deployment of capital by the funds, adjusted as necessary to correspond to the actual timing of capital calls to be funded by the Company on behalf of management. 
 Wafra had customary minority rights and certain other structural protections designed to protect its interests, including redemption rights with respect to its investment in the investment management business and its funded commitments in certain digital funds. Wafra's redemption rights were subject to triggering events, including key person or cause events under the governing documents of certain digital funds. 
 Redemption of Strategic Investment in 2022 
 On May 23, 2022, pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement ("PSA") entered into with Wafra in April 2022: (a) the Company acquired Wafra's interest in its investment management business; (b) Wafra s entitlement to carried interest in DBP II was reduced from to ; and (c) with certain limited exceptions, Wafra sold or gave up its right to invest in, or receive carried interest from, future investment management products, but except as otherwise provided, retained its investment in and its allocation of carried interest from existing investment management products. 
 Consideration for the redemption of Wafra's interest consisted of: (i) an upfront payment of million in cash (after certain net cash adjustments) and shares of the Company's Class A common stock valued at million based upon the closing price of the Company's class A common stock on May 23, 2022; and (ii) Wafra's right to earn a contingent amount between million and million if the Company raises fee earning equity under management (as defined in the PSA) between billion and billion during the period from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2023, payable in March 2023 for portion earned in 2022 and March 2024 for any remaining portion earned in 2023, with up to payable in shares of the Company's Class A common stock at the Company's election. Based upon the capital raised by the Company in 2022, million is payable to Wafra in March 2023. 
 The carrying value of Wafra's redeemable noncontrolling interest was adjusted to fair value prior to redemption, initially based upon an estimate of consideration payable at March 31, 2022 when redemption was deemed to be probable, including the maximum potential contingent amount of million. This adjustment resulted in an allocation from additional paid-in capital to redeemable noncontrolling interests on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Additionally, the unrealized carried interest earnings allocated to Wafra that was retained and no longer subject to redemption was reclassified in May 2022 to permanent equity, included in noncontrolling interests in investment entities. 
 In connection with the redemption, the terms of the warrants previously issued to Wafra were amended, among other things, to provide for net cash settlement upon exercise of the warrants, at election of either the Company or Wafra, if such exercise would result in Wafra beneficially owning in excess of of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company's class A common stock. Inclusion of the cash settlement feature changed the classification of the warrants from equity to liability. The warrants were remeasured to fair value prior to reclassification in May 2022, with the increase in value recorded in equity to reduce additional paid-in capital. Subsequent changes in fair value of the warrant liability is recorded in earnings (Note 11). 
 The Company's redemption of Wafra's interest also resulted in the assumption of million of deferred tax asset that now accrues to the Company. 
 Following the redemption, the Chief Investment Officer of Wafra, Adel Alderbas, will serve as a senior advisor to the Company for a period of three years. 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 

million investment by the Company in DataBank. Following this transaction and additional equity funded by the shareholders of DataBank in connection with its data center acquisition in March 2022 (Note 3), the Company's interest in DataBank increased from to (prior to recapitalization as discussed below). 
 DataBank Recapitalization 
 DataBank was partially recapitalized in the second half of 2022 through multiple sales of equity interest to new investors totaling billion in cash. The Company's ownership interest in DataBank decreased from (as noted above) to . The Company's share of proceeds from the sale was million, including its share of carried interest net of allocation to employees. 
 As the transaction involved a change in ownership of a consolidated subsidiary, it was accounted for as an equity transaction. The difference between the book value of the Company's interest and its ownership based upon the current value of DataBank resulted in a reallocation from noncontrolling interests in investment entities to additional paid-in capital of million. 
 The recapitalization transaction triggered an accelerated vesting of certain profits interest units that had been issued by DataBank to its employees. As a result of the accelerated vesting, million of additional equity based compensation was recorded in 2022 based upon DataBank's original grant date fair value of these awards, of which million was attributable to noncontrolling interests in investment entities. 
 Noncontrolling Interests in Operating Company 
 Certain current and former employees of the Company directly or indirectly own interests in OP, presented as noncontrolling interests in the Operating Company. Noncontrolling interests in OP have the right to require OP to redeem part or all of such member s OP Units for cash based on the market value of an equivalent number of shares of class A common stock at the time of redemption, or at the Company's election as managing member of OP, through issuance of shares of class A common stock (registered or unregistered) on a -for-one basis. At the end of each period, noncontrolling interests in OP is adjusted to reflect their ownership percentage in OP at the end of the period, through a reallocation between controlling and noncontrolling interests in OP. 
 OP Units in 2022 and OP Units in 2021 through the issuance of an equal number of shares of class A common stock on a -for-one basis . 
 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, included in equity investments (Note 5), and short positions of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, included in other liabilities (Note 7), consist of publicly traded equity securities held largely by private open-end funds sponsored and consolidated by the Company. The equity securities of the consolidated funds comprise listed stocks primarily in the U.S. and to a lesser extent, in Europe, and predominantly in the technology, media and telecommunications sectors. These marketable equity securities are valued based upon listed prices in active markets and classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Debt Securities 
 At December 31, 2022, the CLO subordinated notes were carried at their recently issued price of million (Note 5), which represents their current estimated fair value, classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Fair value was determined using a benchmarking approach by looking to the implied credit spreads derived from observed prices on comparable CLO issuances in the fourth quarter of 2022, and also considering the current size and diversification of the CLO collateral pool and projected return on the subordinated notes. 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 

million at December 31, 2022, classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Fair value was determined based upon discounted cash flow projections of distributions of principal and interest expected to be collected from the underlying loans, which include, but are not limited to, consideration of the financial standing and operating results of the borrowers, and applying a discount rate of . 
 Derivatives 
 The Company's derivative instruments generally consist of: (i) foreign currency put options, forward contracts and costless collars to hedge the foreign currency exposure of certain foreign-denominated investments or investments in foreign subsidiaries (in GBP and EUR), with notional amounts and termination dates based upon the anticipated return of capital from these investments; and (ii) interest rate caps and swaps to limit the exposure to changes in interest rates on various floating rate debt obligations (indexed to LIBOR or Euribor). These derivative contracts may be designated as qualifying hedge accounting relationships, specifically as net investment hedges and cash flow hedges, respectively. 
 Fair values were million (Note 16) at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 for derivative assets, included in other assets. There were no derivatives in a liability position at December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022, all derivative positions in both periods were non-designated hedges. Derivative notional amounts aggregated to the equivalent of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 for foreign exchange contracts, and billion at December 31, 2021 for interest rate contracts. There were no outstanding interest rate contracts at December 31, 2022. 
 The derivative instruments are subject to master netting arrangements with counterparties that allow the Company to offset the settlement of derivative assets and liabilities in the same currency by instrument type or, in the event of default by the counterparty, to offset all derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty. Notwithstanding the conditions for right of offset may have been met, the Company presents derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty on a gross basis on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Unrealized gain transferred from AOCI to earnings Non-designated contracts Realized and unrealized gain (loss) in earnings (1) 
 ) Interest rate contracts: Designated contracts Interest expense (2) 
 Realized loss transferred from AOCI to earnings ) Non-designated contracts Realized and unrealized gain (loss) in earnings ) ) 
 __________ 
 (1) In 2022, includes unrealized gain on foreign currency contract entered into on behalf of sponsored fund, which has no net impact to the Company's earnings, as discussed in Note 16. 
 (2) Represents amortization of the cost of designated interest rate caps to interest expense based upon expected hedged interest payments on variable 
 rate debt. 
 The Company's foreign currency and interest rate contracts are generally traded over-the-counter, and are valued using a third-party service provider. Quotations on over-the-counter derivatives are not adjusted and are generally valued using observable inputs such as contractual cash flows, yield curve, foreign currency rates and credit spreads, and are classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Although credit valuation adjustments, such as the risk of default, rely on Level 3 inputs, these inputs are not significant to the overall valuation of the derivatives. As a result, derivative valuations in their entirety are classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 

warrants to Wafra. Each warrant entitles Wafra to purchase up to shares of the Company's class A common stock at staggered strike prices between and each, exercisable through July 17, 2026. No warrants have been exercised to-date. 
 The warrants are carried at fair value effective May 2022 when they were reclassified from equity to liability, with subsequent changes in fair value recorded in earnings. At December 31, 2022, the warrants, classified as Level 3 fair value, were valued at million using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, applying the following inputs: (a) estimated volatility for DBRG's class A common stock of ; (b) closing stock price of DBRG's class A common stock on the last trading day of the quarter; (c) the strike price for each warrant; (d) remaining term to expiration of the warrants; and (e) risk free rate of per annum, derived from the daily U.S. Treasury yield curve rates to correspond to the remaining term to expiration of the warrants. Fair value of the warrants decreased million from its initial remeasurement in May 2022, recorded in other gain on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Settlement Liability 
 In March 2020, the Company entered into a cooperation agreement with Blackwells Capital LLC ("Blackwells"), a stockholder of the Company. Pursuant to the cooperation agreement, Blackwells agreed to a standstill in its proxy contest with the Company, and to abide by certain voting commitments, including a standstill with respect to the Company until the expiration of the agreement in March 2030 and voting in favor of the Board of Directors' recommendations until the third anniversary of the agreement. 
 Contemporaneously, the Company and Blackwells entered into a joint venture arrangement for the purpose of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Company's class A common stock. Pursuant to the arrangement, the Company contributed its class A common stock, valued at million by the venture, and Blackwells contributed million of cash that was then distributed to the Company, resulting in a net capital contribution of million by the Company in the venture. All of the class A common stock held in the venture was repurchased by the Company in March 2020 (Note 9). Distributions from the joint venture arrangement upon dissolution effectively represent a settlement of the proxy contest with Blackwells. The initial fair value of the arrangement was recorded as a settlement loss on the statement of operations in March 2020, with a corresponding liability on the balance sheet, subject to remeasurement at each period end. The settlement liability represents the fair value of the disproportionate allocation of profits distribution to Blackwells pursuant to the joint venture arrangement. The profits are derived from dividend payments and appreciation in value of the Company's class A common stock, allocated between the Company and Blackwells based upon specified return hurdles. 
 In June 2021, Blackwells terminated the arrangement and the joint venture was dissolved. The profits distribution allocated to Blackwells was valued at million and paid in the form of million shares of the Company's class A common stock, with million recognized in 2021 through termination as other loss on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Fair Value Option 
 The following discussion excludes loans receivable and equity method investments held for disposition which are addressed in Note 21. 
 Loans Receivable 
 Loans receivable held for investment are carried at fair value under the fair value option. At December 31, 2022, loans held for investments, which primarily consisted of an unsecured promissory note in connection with the sale of NRF Holdco (Note 22), had fair value totaling million (unpaid principal balance, inclusive of paid-in-kind ("PIK") interest, of million), classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2021, loans held for investments, which primarily consisted of corporate loans and bank syndicated loans then warehoused by the Company, had fair value totaling million (unpaid principal balance, inclusive of PIK interest, of million), of which million was classified as Level 2 and million as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. During 2022, all of the warehoused loans were either transferred to the Company's new sponsored fund or securitized into a third party sponsored CLO (Note 5). 
 Fair value of Level 3 loans held for investment were determined based upon discounted cash flow projections of principal and interest expected to be collected, which include, but are not limited to, consideration of the financial standing and operating results of the borrower, and applying discount rates ranging between to at December 31, 2022 and to at December 31, 2021. Level 2 loans held for investment at December 31, 2021 represent bank syndicated loans for which fair value was obtained from a reputable pricing service and was based upon quotations from dealers who act as market makers for these loans. 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 

loans that were 90 days or more past due as to principal or interest at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, one loan with fair value of million and unpaid principal balance of million has been placed on nonaccrual. 
 Equity Method Investments 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were equity method investments under the fair value option other than investments held for disposition (Note 21). One equity method investment that was under the fair value option is accounted for as a marketable equity security beginning May 2021 following a merger of the investee into a special purpose acquisition company. 
 Purchases, originations, drawdowns and contributions Paydowns, distributions and sales ) ) Change in accounting method for equity interest ) Change in accrued interest and capitalization of paid-in-kind interest Realized and unrealized gain (loss) in earnings, net ) Fair value at December 31, 2021 Net unrealized loss in earnings on instruments held at December 31, 2021 ) Fair value at December 31, 2021 Purchases, originations, drawdowns and contributions Paydowns, distributions and sales 
 ) Transfer of warehoused loans to sponsored fund ) Consolidation of sponsored fund Change in accrued interest and capitalization of paid-in-kind interest Realized and unrealized gain (loss) in earnings, net ) Fair value at December 31, 2022 Net unrealized gain (loss) in earnings on instruments held at December 31, 2022 ) 
 Investment Carried at Fair Value Using Net Asset Value 
 The Company has an investment in a non-traded healthcare REIT of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, with no commitment for any further investment in the future. The investment is valued based upon actual or estimated NAV beginning October 2021 when the investee, a healthcare real estate investor/manager, was acquired in conjunction with a merger of its co-sponsored non-traded REITs. The transaction diluted the Company's equity interest in the investee, which was previously accounted for as an equity method investment. Redemption of the Company's partnership interest in the non-traded healthcare REIT is restricted until the earliest of (1) the second anniversary of the issuance to the Company of such partnership units, (2) change in control of the general partner, and (3) initial public offering of the equity of the non-traded healthcare REIT, which may be subject to further restriction on redemption by the underwriters. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Values 
 The Company measures fair value of certain assets on a nonrecurring basis when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Adjustments to fair value generally result from the application of lower of amortized cost or fair value accounting for assets held for disposition or otherwise, write-down of asset values due to impairment. Impairment is discussed in Note 5 for equity investments and Note 21 for assets held for disposition. 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 

Convertible and exchangeable senior notes Investment-level secured debt December 31, 2021 Liabilities Debt at amortized cost Secured fund fee revenue notes Convertible and exchangeable senior notes Investment-level secured debt 
 Debt Senior notes and secured fund fee revenue notes were valued using their last traded price. Fair value of investment-level debt were estimated by either discounting expected future cash outlays at interest rates available to the respective borrower subsidiaries for similar instruments or for securitized debt, based upon indicative bond prices quoted by brokers in the secondary market. 

F-51 

Table of Contents 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The liabilities of the consolidated funds may only be settled using assets of the consolidated funds, and the Company, as general partner, is not obligated to provide any financial support to the consolidated private funds. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the consolidated private funds had total assets of million and million, respectively, and total liabilities of million and million, respectively, made up primarily of cash, marketable equity securities, unsettled trades, and other equity investment. 
 Unconsolidated Company-Sponsored Private Funds The Company does not consolidate its sponsored private funds where it has insignificant direct equity interests or capital commitments to these funds as general partner. The Company may invest alongside certain of its sponsored private funds through joint ventures between the Company and these funds, or the Company may have capital commitments to its sponsored private funds that are satisfied directly through the co-investment joint ventures as an affiliate of the general partner. In these instances, the co-investment joint ventures are consolidated by the Company. As the Company's direct equity interests in its sponsored private funds as general partner absorb insignificant variability, the Company is considered to be acting in the capacity of an agent of these funds and is therefore not the primary beneficiary of these funds. The Company accounts for its equity interests in unconsolidated sponsored private funds under the equity method. The Company's maximum exposure to loss is limited to the carrying value of its investment in the unconsolidated sponsored private funds, totaling million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, included in equity investments, and million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, included within assets held for disposition. 
 Securitizations 
 The Company previously securitized loans receivable and CRE debt securities using VIEs. Upon securitization, the Company had retained beneficial interests in the securitization vehicles, usually in the form of equity tranches or subordinate securities. The securitization vehicles were structured as pass-through entities that receive principal and interest on the underlying loans or debt securities and distribute those payments to the holders of the notes, certificates or bonds issued by the securitization vehicles. The loans and debt securities were transferred into securitization vehicles such that these assets were restricted and legally isolated from the creditors of the Company, and therefore were not available to satisfy the Company's obligations but only the obligations of the securitization vehicles. The obligations of the securitization vehicles did not have any recourse to the general credit of the Company and its other subsidiaries. 
 The Company also acquired securities issued by securitization trusts that are VIEs. 
 Unconsolidated Securitizations The Company does not consolidate the assets and liabilities of CLOs or collateralized debt obligations ("CDOs") in which the Company has an interest but does not retain the collateral management function. The Company s exposure to loss is limited to its investment in these CLOs of million at December 31, 2022, or CDOs of million at December 31, 2021, previously presented as debt securities within assets held for disposition prior to disposition of the CDOs in February 2022 (Note 21). 
 Trusts 
 Prior to the sale of NRF Holdco in February 2022, wholly-owned subsidiaries of NRF Holdco that were formed as statutory trusts, NorthStar Realty Finance Trust I through VIII (the Trusts ), previously issued trust preferred securities ("TruPS") in private placement offerings and used the proceeds to purchase junior subordinated notes to evidence loans made to NRF Holdco. The sole assets of the Trusts consisted of a like amount of junior subordinated notes issued by the Issuer at the time of the offerings (the "Junior Notes"). Neither the Company nor the OP was an obligor or guarantor on the Junior Notes or the TruPS. 
 million at December 31, 2021. The Trusts were recorded as equity investments and the junior subordinated notes as debt, both previously classified as held for disposition (Note 21) . 
 F-52 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Loss from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests Loss from continuing operations attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) ) ) Preferred stock repurchases/redemptions (Note 9) 
 ) Preferred dividends ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) Net income allocated to participating securities ) ) Net loss allocated to common stockholders basic ) ) ) Interest expense attributable to convertible and exchangeable notes (1) 
 Net loss allocated to common stockholders diluted ) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic Weighted average effect of dilutive shares (1)(2)(3) 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding diluted Income (loss) per share basic Loss from continuing operations ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders per common share basic ) ) ) Income (loss) per share diluted Loss from continuing operations ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders per common share diluted ) ) ) 
 __________ 
 (1) With respect to the assumed conversion or exchange of the Company's outstanding senior notes, the following are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as their inclusion would be antidilutive: (a) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the effect of adding back interest expense of million, million and million, respectively, and , and of weighted average dilutive common share equivalents, respectively. Also excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share was million of debt extinguishment loss (Note 8) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) The calculation of diluted earnings per share excludes the effect of the following as their inclusion would be antidilutive: (a) class A common shares that are contingently issuable in relation to performance stock units (Note 15) with weighted average shares of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively; and (b) class A common shares that are issuable to net settle the exercise of warrants (Note 10) with weighted average shares of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) OP Units may be redeemed for registered or unregistered class A common stock on a -for-one basis and are not dilutive. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and of OP Units, respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share in the respective periods presented. 
 
 Incentive fees 
 Other fees 
 Total fee income 
 F-53 

Table of Contents 

per annum to per annum of investors' committed capital during the commitment period of the vehicle, and thereafter, contributed or invested capital; or net asset value for vehicles in the Liquid Strategies. 
 Incentive Fees The Company is entitled to incentive fees from sub-advisory accounts in its Liquid Strategies. Incentive fees are determined based upon the performance of the respective accounts, subject to the achievement of specified return thresholds in accordance with the terms set out in their respective governing agreements. A portion of the incentive fees earned by the Company is allocable to senior management, investment professionals, and certain other employees of the Company, included in carried interest and incentive fee compensation expense. 

of the outstanding number of shares of the Company s class A common stock on the immediately preceding December 31st. At December 31, 2022, an aggregate million shares of the Company's class A common stock were reserved for the issuance of awards under the Equity Incentive Plan. 
 Restricted Stock Restricted stock awards in the Company's class A common stock are granted to senior executives, directors and certain employees, generally subject to a service condition only, with annual time-based vesting in equal tranches over a period. Restricted stock is entitled to dividends declared and paid on the Company's class A common stock and such dividends are not forfeitable prior to vesting of the award. Restricted stock awards are valued based on the Company's class A common stock price on grant date and equity-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs in the Company's class A common stock are subject to a performance condition. Vesting of performance-based RSUs occur upon achievement of certain Company-specific metrics over a performance measurement period that coincides with the recipients' term of service. Only vested RSUs are entitled to accrued dividends declared and paid on the Company's class A common stock during the time period the RSUs are outstanding. Fair value of RSUs are based on the Company's class A common stock price on grant date. Equity-based compensation expense is recognized when it becomes probable that the performance condition will be met. 
 Performance Stock Units PSUs are granted to senior executives and certain employees, and are subject to both a service condition and a market condition. Following the end of the measurement period, the recipients of PSUs who remain employed will vest in, and be issued a number of shares of the Company's class A common stock, generally ranging from to of the number of PSUs granted and determined based upon the performance of the Company's class A common stock relative to that of a specified peer group over a measurement period (such measurement metric the "total shareholder return"). In addition, recipients of PSUs whose employment is terminated after the first anniversary of their PSU grant are eligible to vest in a portion of the PSU award following the end of the measurement period based upon achievement of the total shareholder return metric applicable to the award. PSUs also contain dividend equivalent rights which entitle the recipients to a payment equal to the amount of dividends that would have been paid on the shares that are ultimately issued at the end of the measurement period. 
 F-54 

Table of Contents 

Expected annual dividend yield (2) 
 Risk-free rate (per annum) (3) 
 
 __________ 
 (1) Based upon the historical volatility of the Company's stock and those of a specified peer group. 
 (2) Based upon the Company's expected annualized dividends. Expected dividend yield was for the March 2022 and 2021 PSU awards as common dividends were suspended beginning the second quarter of 2020 and reinstated in the third quarter of 2022. 
 (3) Based upon the continuously compounded zero-coupon U.S. Treasury yield for the term coinciding with the measurement period of the award as of valuation date. 
 Fair value of PSU awards, excluding dividend equivalent rights, is recognized on a straight-line basis over their measurement period as compensation expense, and is not subject to reversal even if the market condition is not achieved. The dividend equivalent right is accounted for as a liability-classified award. The fair value of the dividend equivalent right is recognized as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the measurement period, and is subject to adjustment to fair value at each reporting period. 
 LTIP Units LTIP units are units in the Operating Company that are designated as profits interests for federal income tax purposes. Unvested LTIP units that are subject to market conditions do not accrue distributions. Each vested LTIP unit is convertible, at the election of the holder (subject to capital account limitation), into common OP Unit and upon conversion, subject to the redemption terms of OP Units (Note 9). 
 LTIP units issued have either (1) a service condition only, valued based upon the Company's class A common stock price on grant date; or (2) both a service condition and a market condition based upon the Company's class A common stock achieving a target price over a predetermined measurement period, subject to continuous employment to the time of vesting, and valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. 
 Expected dividend yield (3) 
 Risk-free rate (per annum) (4) 
 
 __________ 
 (1) Represents million LTIP units granted to the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Marc Ganzi, in connection with the Company's acquisition of Digital Bridge Holdings, LLC in July 2019, with vesting based upon achievement of the Company's class A common stock price closing at or above over any consecutive trading days prior to the fifth anniversary of the grant date. 
 (2) Based upon historical volatility of the Company's stock and those of a specified peer group. 
 (3) Based upon the Company's most recently issued dividend prior to grant date and closing price of the Company's class A common stock on grant date. Expected dividend yield was for the June 2022 award as common dividends were suspended beginning the second quarter of 2020 and reinstated in the third quarter of 2022. 
 (4) Based upon the continuously compounded zero-coupon US Treasury yield for the term coinciding with the measurement period of the award as of valuation date. 
 Equity-based compensation cost on LTIP units is recognized on a straight-line basis either over (1) the service period for awards with a service condition only; or (2) the derived service period for awards with both a service condition and a market condition, irrespective of whether the market condition is satisfied. The derived service period is a service period that is inferred from the application of the simulation technique used in the valuation of the award, and represents the median of the terms in the simulation in which the market condition is satisfied. 
 Deferred Stock Units Certain non-employee directors may elect to defer the receipt of annual base fees and/or restricted stock awards, and in lieu, receive awards of DSUs. DSUs awarded in lieu of annual base fees are fully vested on their grant date, while DSUs awarded in lieu of restricted stock awards vest from their grant date. DSUs are entitled to a dividend equivalent, in the form of additional DSUs based on dividends declared and paid on the Company's class A common stock, subject to the same restrictions and vesting conditions, where applicable. Upon separation of service from the Company, vested DSUs will be settled in shares of the Company s class A common stock. Fair value of DSUs are determined based on the price of the Company's class A common stock on grant date and recognized immediately if fully vested upon grant, or on a straight-line basis over the vesting period as equity based compensation expense and equity. 
 F-55 

Table of Contents 
 net reversal, and expense related to dividend equivalent rights) 
 Administrative expense 
 In 2022, the amended employment agreements for certain senior executives provided for continued vesting of their outstanding equity awards notwithstanding the expiration of their employment term. This modification resulted in a revaluation of their equity awards, which decreased cumulative compensation expense recognized by million. There were no equity award modifications in connection with continuing operations in 2021 and 2020. 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Unvested shares and units at December 31, 2022 
 
 __________ 
 (1) Represents the number of LTIP units granted subject to vesting upon achievement of market condition. LTIP units that do not meet the market condition within the measurement period will be forfeited. 
 (2) Represents the number of RSUs granted subject to vesting upon achievement of performance condition. RSUs that do not meet the performance condition at the end of the measurement period will be forfeited. 
 (3) Number of PSUs granted does not reflect potential increases or decreases that could result from the final outcome of the total shareholder return measured at the end of the performance period. PSUs for which the total shareholder return was not met at the end of the performance period are forfeited. 
 Fair value of equity awards that vested, determined based upon their respective fair values at vesting date, was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 At December 31, 2022, aggregate unrecognized compensation cost for all unvested equity awards was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. This excludes million of unvested RSUs that are not currently probable of achieving their performance conditions and have a remaining performance measurement period of years. 
 Awards Granted by Managed Companies 
 Prior to the termination of the Company s management agreement with BRSP on April 30, 2021, BRSP granted equity awards to the Company and certain of the Company's employees ("managed company awards") that typically vest over a period, subject to service conditions. Generally, the Company granted the managed company awards that it received in its capacity as manager to its employees with substantially the same terms and service requirements. Such grants were made at the discretion of the Company, and the Company may consult with the board of directors or compensation committee of BRSP as to final allocation of awards to its employees. 
 Managed company awards granted to the Company, pending grant by the Company to its employees, are recognized based upon their fair value at grant date as other asset and other liability on the consolidated balance sheet. The deferred revenue liability is amortized into other income as the awards vest to the Company. 
 Managed company awards granted to employees, either directly or through the Company, are recorded as other asset and other liability, and amortized on a straight-line basis as equity-based compensation expense and as other income, respectively, as the awards vest to the employees. The other asset and other liability associated with managed 
 F-56 

Table of Contents 

million in 2021 and million in 2020, with a corresponding amount recognized in other income, all of which were reflected in discontinued operations (Note 22). 
 
 Cost reimbursements and recoverable expenses Employees and other affiliates Due to Affiliates (Note 7) 
 Investment vehicles Derivative obligation Employees and other affiliates 
 Significant transactions with affiliates include the following: 
 Fee Income Fee income earned from investment vehicles that the Company manages and/or sponsors, and may have an equity interest or co-investment, are presented in Note 14, except for amounts included within discontinued operations (Note 22) and assets held for disposition (Note 21). Substantially all fee income are from affiliates, other than primarily fees from sub-advisory accounts. 
 Cost Reimbursements and Recoverable Expenses The Company receives reimbursements and recovers certain costs paid on behalf of investment vehicles sponsored by the Company, which include: (i) organization and offering costs related to the formation and capital raising of the investment vehicles up to specified thresholds; (ii) costs incurred in performing investment due diligence; and (iii) direct and indirect operating costs for managing the operations of certain investment vehicles. 
 Such cost reimbursements and recoverable expenses, included in other income, totaled million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 Separately, reimbursements of direct and indirect operating costs for managing the operations of BRSP prior to termination of the BRSP management agreement in April 2021 were reflected in other income within discontinued operations (Note 22). 
 Warehoused Investments The Company may acquire and temporarily warehouse investments on behalf of prospective sponsored investment vehicles that are actively fundraising. The warehoused investments are transferred to the investment vehicle when sufficient third party capital, including debt, is raised. The Company is generally paid a fee by the investment vehicle, akin to an interest charge, typically calculated as a percentage of the acquisition price of the investment, to compensate the Company for its cost of holding the investment during the warehouse period. The terms of such arrangements may differ for each sponsored investment vehicle or by investment. 
 In the second half of 2022, the Company transferred all of its warehoused loans and the investment in TowerCo to its new sponsored funds and received an aggregate return of capital of million, inclusive of holding fees. 
 Derivative Obligations of Sponsored Fund In the third quarter of 2022, the Company, in its capacity as general partner and for the benefit of its sponsored fund, entered into foreign currency forward contracts to economically hedge the foreign currency exposure of an investment commitment of its sponsored fund (Note 11). The investment committee of the sponsored fund has ratified the fund's responsibility and obligation to assume all resulting liabilities and benefits from 
 F-57 

Table of Contents 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Carried interest allocated is recorded as net income attributable to noncontrolling interests totaling million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. Additionally, in connection with the DataBank recapitalization (Note 10), Messrs. Ganzi and Jenkins received realized carried interest in the form of equity interest in vehicles that invest in DataBank, of which million in aggregate is not deemed a compensatory arrangement. Such equity interest represent noncontrolling interests in DataBank. A portion of such equity interest was sold by Messrs. Ganzi and Jenkins in connection with the recapitalization transaction. 
 Investment in Managed Investment Vehicles Subject to the Company's related party policies and procedures, senior management, investment professionals and certain other employees may invest on a discretionary basis in investment vehicles sponsored by the Company, either directly in the vehicle or indirectly through the general partner entity. These investments are generally not subject to management fees, but otherwise bear their proportionate share of other operating expenses of the investment vehicles. Such investments in consolidated investment vehicles and general partner entities totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, reflected in redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests on the balance sheet. Their share of net income was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. These amounts are reflected in net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and exclude their share of carried interest allocation, which is reflected in compensation expense (reversal) carried interest. 
 Aircraft P ursuant to Mr. Ganzi s employment agreement, as amended, the Company has agreed to reimburse Mr. Ganzi for certain variable operational costs of business travel on a chartered or private jet (including any aircraft that Mr. Ganzi may partially or fully own), provided that the Company will not reimburse the allocable share (based on the number of passengers) of variable operational costs for any passenger on such flight who is not traveling on Company business. Additionally, the Company has also agreed to reimburse Mr. Ganzi for certain defined fixed costs of any aircraft owned by Mr. Ganzi. The fixed cost reimbursements will be made based on an allocable portion of an aircraft s annual budgeted fixed cash operating costs, based on the number of hours the aircraft will be used for business purposes. At least once a year, the Company will reconcile the budgeted fixed operating costs with the actual fixed operating costs of the aircraft, and the Company or Mr. Ganzi, as applicable, will make a payment for any difference. The Company reimbursed Mr. Ganzi million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 Investment Venture Pursuant to an investment agreement entered into between a subsidiary of the Company and Thomas J. Barrack, the Company's former Executive Chairman, effective April 1, 2021, the Company invested million in Mr. Barrack's newly formed investment entity (the Venture ), which entitles the Company to a portion of carried interest payable to Mr. Barrack from the Venture. Following subsequent events which significantly reduced the likelihood that fundraising by the Venture will sufficiently support its value, the Company determined that its investment would likely not be recoverable and wrote off its investment as of June 30, 2021. 
 F-58 

Table of Contents 

million in 2022 and million in 2021. 
 
 ) State and local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total current tax benefit (expense) ) Deferred Federal ) State and local ) Foreign Total deferred tax benefit (expense) ) Income tax benefit (expense) on continuing operations ) 
 The Company has income tax benefits recognized for uncertain tax positions. 
 F-59 

Table of Contents 

Net operating losses (2) 
 Investment in partnerships Equity-based compensation Real estate, leases and related intangible liabilities Deferred income Deferred interest expense Lease liability corporate offices 
 Other Gross deferred tax asset Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liability Investment in partnerships Real estate, leases and related intangible assets Other intangible assets ROU lease asset corporate offices 
 Other Gross deferred tax liability Net deferred tax asset 
 __________ 
 (1) At December 31, 2022, deferred tax asset was recognized on capital losses of billion, which expire between 2024 and 2027, with full valuation allowance established. 
 (2) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred tax asset was recognized on NOL of million and million, respectively, for which full valuation allowance was established in 2022 and partial in 2021. NOL, which is largely attributable to U.S. federal losses incurred after December 31, 2017, can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 Valuation Allowance 
 Addition Utilization, expiration and/or reversal ) Ending balance 
 F-60 

Table of Contents 

million of deferred tax asset was recognized as of January 1, 2022 related principally to capital loss carryforwards and outside basis difference in DBRG's interest in the OP, and million was recorded during the year related to changes in DBRG s interest in the OP that were treated as equity transactions. Outside basis difference in investment in partnerships along with NOL generated by a subsidiary during the year further contributed to the deferred tax asset balance in 2022. At December 31, 2022, it was determined that the realizability of these deferred tax assets did not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold, and consequently, a full valuation allowance was established against these deferred tax assets. In assessing realizability, the Company determined that there were no prudent and feasible tax planning strategies that the Company could employ to reasonably assure the future realizability of its carryforward losses and other deferred tax assets. In the absence of tax planning strategies and given the Company s history of cumulative operating losses, which was largely a product of the recent transition in the Company's business, it was difficult to overcome the resulting uncertainties over the Company s ability to generate future taxable income to realize these deferred tax assets. In future periods, if the realizability of all or some portion of these deferred tax assets becomes more likely than not, the associated valuation allowance would be reversed as a deferred tax benefit. 
 Foreign Subsidiary Earnings 
 The Company has evaluated all unremitted earnings of its foreign subsidiaries, which may be repatriated at the Company s election, and has not recorded any deferred tax liability as no material taxes are expected to be due if and when these amounts are repatriated. 
 Effective Income Tax 
 The Company's income tax benefit attributable to continuing operations varied from the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to loss from continuing operations before income taxes.) ) ) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes attributable to pass-through subsidiaries NA Loss from continuing operations before income taxes attributable to taxable subsidiaries ) ) ) Federal income tax benefit at statutory tax rate (21 State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Foreign income tax differential ) Noncontrolling interests ) Separately taxable subsidiaries of OP Change in ownership of OP, including equity reallocation (Note 2) ) Equity-based compensation ) DataBank REIT election Valuation allowance (1) 
 ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) on continuing operations ) 
 __________ 
 
 In 2021, the Company's DataBank subsidiary completed a restructuring of its operations to qualify as a REIT and elected REIT status for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the 2021 taxable year. As a result, DataBank recorded a net deferred tax benefit of million in 2021, reflecting principally the write-off of its deferred tax liabilities. As a REIT, DataBank is generally not subject to U.S. federal income taxes on its taxable income to the extent that it annually distributes such taxable income to its stockholders and maintains certain asset and income requirements. However, DataBank continues to be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on income earned by its taxable subsidiaries. 
 F-61 

Table of Contents 

reportable segments: (i) Investment Management (formerly, Digital Investment Management); and (ii) Operating (formerly, Digital Operating), the Company's direct co-investment in digital infrastructure assets held by its portfolio companies. 
 Investment Management This segment represents the Company's global investment management platform, deploying and managing capital on behalf of a diverse base of global institutional investors. The Company's investment management platform is composed of a growing number of long-duration, private investment funds designed to provide institutional investors access to investments across different segments of the digital infrastructure ecosystem. In addition to its flagship value-add digital infrastructure equity offerings, the Company's investment offerings have expanded to include core equity, credit and liquid securities. The Company earns management fees based upon the assets or capital managed in investment vehicles, and may earn incentive fees and carried interest based upon the performance of such investment vehicles, subject to achievement of minimum return hurdles. The amount of incentive fees and carried interest recognized, a portion of which is allocated to employees, may be highly variable from period to period. Through the end of May 2022, earnings from the Investment Management segment were attributed 31.5 to Wafra prior to the Company's redemption of Wafra's interest in the investment management business (as discussed further in Note 10). 
 Operating This segment is composed of balance sheet equity interests in digital infrastructure and real estate operating companies, which generally earn rental income from providing use of digital asset space and/or capacity through leases, services and other agreements. The Company currently owns interests in two companies: DataBank, an edge colocation data center business (DBRG ownership of 11 at December 31, 2022 and 20 at December 31, 2021); and Vantage SDC, a stabilized hyperscale data center business (DBRG ownership of 13 at December 31, 2022 and 2021). DataBank and Vantage SDC are portfolio companies managed by the Company under its Investment Management segment with respect to equity interests owned by third party capital. 
 The Company's remaining investment activities and corporate level activities are presented as Corporate and Other. 
 Other investment activities are composed of the Company's equity interests in: (i) digital investment vehicles, the largest of which is in the DBP flagship funds, and seed investments in liquid securities and other potential new strategies; and (ii) remaining non-digital investments, primarily in BRSP. Outside of its general partner interests, the Company's other equity interests in its sponsored and/or managed digital investment vehicles are considered to be incidental to its investment management business. The primary economics to the Company are represented by fee income and carried interest as general partner and/or manager, rather than economics from its equity interest in the investment vehicles as a limited partner or equivalent. With respect to seed investments, these are not intended to be a long-term deployment of capital by the Company and are expected to be warehoused temporarily on the Company's balance sheet until sufficient third party capital has been raised. At this time, the remaining non-digital investments are not substantially available for immediate sale and are expected to be monetized over an extended period beyond the near term. These other investment activities generate largely equity method earnings or losses and to a lesser extent, revenues in the form of interest income or dividend income from warehoused investments and consolidated investment vehicles. Effective the third quarter of 2021, these activities are no longer presented separately as the Digital Other and Other segments, which is consistent with and reflects management's focus on its core digital operations and overall simplification of the Company's business. This change in segment presentation is reflected retrospectively. 
 Corporate activities include corporate level cash and corresponding interest income, corporate level financing and related interest expense, corporate level transaction costs, costs in connection with unconsummated investments, income and expense related to cost reimbursement arrangements with affiliates, fixed assets for administrative use, compensation expense not directly attributable to reportable segments, corporate level administrative and overhead costs, and adjustments to eliminate intercompany fees. Costs which are directly attributable, or otherwise can be subjected to a reasonable and systematic attribution, have been attributed to each of the reportable segments. As segment results are presented before elimination of intercompany fees, elimination adjustment pertains to fee income earned by the Investment Management segment from third party capital in investment vehicles managed by the Company and consolidated within the Operating segment and in Corporate and Other. Such adjustments amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-62 

Table of Contents 

Property operating expense ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Investment expense and transaction costs ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Compensation expense, including of incentive fee and carried interest compensation 
 ) ) ) ) Administrative expense ) ) ) ) Other loss, net ) ) ) ) Equity method earnings, including carried interest Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) ) ) Net loss from discontinued operations attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) Net loss attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Total revenues Property operating expense ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Investment expense and transaction costs ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Compensation expense, including of incentive fee and carried interest compensation 
 ) ) ) ) Administrative expense ) ) ) ) Other gain (loss), net ) ) ) Equity method earnings, including carried interest Income tax benefit (expense) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) ) ) Net loss from discontinued operations attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) Net loss attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) 
 F-63 

Table of Contents 

Property operating expense ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Investment expense and transaction costs ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Impairment loss ) ) ) Compensation expense, including of incentive fee and carried interest compensation 
 ) ) ) ) Administrative expense ) ) ) ) Settlement and other gain (loss), net ) ) ) Equity method earnings (losses), including carried interest ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) ) ) Net loss from discontinued operations attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) Net loss attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) 
 
 Operating Corporate and Other Assets held for disposition related to discontinued operations 
 
 Europe Other Total (1) 
 
 (In thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Long-lived assets by geography: United States Europe Other Total (2) 
 __________ 
 (1) Total income includes the Company's share of earnings and losses from its equity method investments, including carried interest, but excludes the Company's impairment of equity method investments of million in 2022 and million in 2020 (no impairment in 2021). Total income excludes cost reimbursement income from affiliates (Note 16), presented within other income, and income from discontinued operations (Note 22). 
 F-64 

Table of Contents 

years for finance leases on investment properties, years for operating leases on investment properties and years for operating leases on corporate offices. 
 Variable lease expense Total operating lease cost Finance leases: Interest expense NA NA NA Amortization of ROU lease asset NA NA NA Total finance lease cost NA NA NA 
 __________ 
 (1) Total lease cost for operating leases is included in property operating expense for investment properties and administrative expense for corporate offices. 
 Lease Commitments 
 Finance and operating lease liabilities take into consideration renewal or termination options when such options are deemed reasonably certain to be exercised by the Company and exclude variable lease payments which are expensed as incurred. The Company makes variable lease payments for: (i) leases with rental payments that are adjusted periodically for inflation, and/or (ii) nonlease services, such as common area maintenance and operating expenses, primarily for power, in data center leases. 
 F-65 

Table of Contents 

for finance leases on investment properties, for operating leases on investment properties, excluding properties held for disposition, and for operating leases on corporate offices: 
 (In thousands) 
 Finance Leases Operating Leases Year Ending December 31, Investment Properties Investment Properties Corporate Offices 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total lease payments Present value discount ) ) ) Finance / Operating lease liability 
 
 Commitments on Future Leases 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had operating lease commitments on corporate office spaces commencing in 2023, including one assumed through the acquisition of InfraBridge in February 2023. The fixed lease payments (undiscounted) total million over a year weighted average lease term. 
 Tenant Allowance 
 In connection with DataBank s acquisition of a data center portfolio in March 2022 (Note 3), DataBank and the seller concurrently entered into a master lease agreement which provides that the seller leases from DataBank land acquired in the transaction. If the seller does not exercise its rights to early terminate the lease, the seller is obligated to develop a data center facility on a portion of the acquired land and DataBank is committed to provide the seller a tenant allowance of up to million to finance the construction. In December 2022, the seller waived its right to terminate the lease with respect to the portion of the land subject to development. The seller will be responsible for undertaking the construction and any resulting overages. Title to the to-be constructed building, improvements and fixtures will be vested in the seller for the duration of the lease and transfers to DataBank thereafter. The timing of funding of DataBank s commitment to the seller will be based on agreed upon milestones, with construction to be completed no later than January 1, 2026. DataBank expects to fund its commitment through future debt drawdowns. 
 F-66 

Table of Contents 

, and 
 Cash received, net of cash paid, for income taxes Operating lease payments Finance lease payments Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flows from Discontinued Operations Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of discontinued operations ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities of discontinued operations ) Net cash used in financing activities of discontinued operations ) ) ) Supplemental Disclosure of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities Dividends and distributions payable Improvements in operating real estate in accrued and other liabilities Receivable from loan repayments and asset sales Operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities established Finance lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities established Redemption of OP Units for common stock Redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interest for common stock Exchange of notes into shares of Class A common stock Assets and liabilities of investment entities liquidated or conveyed to lender (1) 
 Assets consolidated from real estate acquisitions, net of cash and restricted cash Liabilities assumed in real estate acquisitions Noncontrolling interests assumed in real estate acquisitions Debt assumed by buyer in sale of real estate Seller Note received in sale of NRF Holdco equity Loan receivable relieved in exchange for equity investment acquired Assets disposed in sale of equity of investment entities or sale by receiver 
 Liabilities disposed in sale of equity of investment entities or sale by receiver 
 Assets of investment entities deconsolidated (2) 
 Liabilities of investment entities deconsolidated (1) 
 Noncontrolling interests of investment entities sold or deconsolidated (2) 
 
 __________ 
 (1) The Company indirectly conveyed the equity of certain of its wellness infrastructure borrower subsidiaries to an affiliate of the lender, which released the Company from all rights and obligations with respect to the assets and previously defaulted debt of these subsidiaries.. 
 (2) Represents deconsolidation of noncontrolling interests upon sale of the Company's equity interests in investment entities (Note 22). 
 F-67 

Table of Contents 

Real estate, net Loans receivable Equity and debt investments Deferred leasing costs and other intangible assets, net Other assets Due from affiliates Total assets held for disposition Liabilities Debt, net (1) 
 Lease intangibles and other liabilities Total liabilities related to assets held for disposition 
 __________ 
 exchangeable senior notes and junior subordinated debt (as described in Note 12) which were obligations of NRF Holdco as the issuer. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value of Assets Classified as Held for Disposition and Discontinued Operations 
 The Company measures fair value of certain assets on a nonrecurring basis when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. 
 The Company initially measures assets classified as held for disposition at the lower of their carrying amounts or fair value less disposal costs. For bulk sale transactions, the unit of account is the disposal group, with any excess of the aggregate carrying value over estimated fair value less costs to sell allocated to the individual assets within the group. 
 2022 
 At December 31, 2022, there were assets held for sale that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
 Impairment loss of million was recorded in 2022 primarily based upon the final carrying value of net assets of the Wellness Infrastructure business upon closing of the disposition of NRF Holdco in February 2022. 
 2021 
 At December 31, 2021, only real estate held for disposition that pertained to the Wellness Infrastructure business was carried at nonrecurring fair value, having been impaired million during the year ended December 31, 2021 based upon the sales price for NRF Holdco. 
 Other assets that had been impaired during 2021 pertained to real estate, equity investments and intangible assets of the OED and Other IM portfolio that were disposed in December 2021. 
 Recurring Fair Value of Assets Classified as Held for Disposition and Discontinued Operations 
 Equity Investments Carried at NAV These include equity interest in a private fund and prior to its disposition as part of NRF Holdco in February 2022, investment in a Company-sponsored non-traded REIT, amounting to million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 Equity Method Investments under Fair Value Option Equity method investments under the fair value option of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 were measured based upon indicative sales price, classified as Level 3 fair value. 
 F-68 

Table of Contents 

loans held for disposition at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, the loan held for disposition represents a component of the overall sales price for NRF Holdco, which was disposed in February 2022. 
 Debt Securities Prior to the sale of NRF Holdco in February 2022, the Company had investments in debt securities, composed of AFS N-Star CDO bonds, which were subordinate bonds retained by NRF Holdco in its sponsored CDOs. The CDO bonds were collateralized primarily by commercial real estate debt and securities. 
 ) 
 Prior to its sale, the fair value of N-Star CDO bonds represents a component of the overall sales price for the disposition of NRF Holdco. 
 There was provision for credit loss in 2022 prior to disposition but million was recognized in 2021. Credit losses were determined based upon an analysis of the present value of contractual cash flows expected to be collected from the underlying collateral as compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. 
 Level 3 Recurring Fair Values 
 Purchases, drawdowns, contributions and accretion Paydowns, distributions and sales ) ) ) Change in accrued interest and capitalization of paid-in-kind interest Allowance for credit losses 
 ) Realized and unrealized losses in earnings, net ) ) Deconsolidation of investment entities (Note 20) 
 ) ) Other ) Other comprehensive loss (1) 
 ) ) ) Fair value at December 31, 2021 Net unrealized gains (losses) on instruments held at December 31, 2021 In earnings 
 ) In other comprehensive loss ) N/A N/A Fair value at December 31, 2021 Purchases, drawdowns, contributions and accretion 
 Paydowns, distributions and sales 
 ) ) ) Change in accrued interest and capitalization of paid-in-kind interest ) Realized and unrealized losses in earnings, net ) ) Other comprehensive loss (1) 
 ) Fair value at December 31, 2022 Net unrealized gains (losses) on instruments held at December 31, 2022 In earnings 
 ) In other comprehensive loss N/A N/A __________ 
 
 F-69 

Table of Contents 

of the equity of NRF Holdco in February 2022. The non-core assets held by NRF Holdco were composed primarily of: (i) the Company's equity interest in and management of NorthStar Healthcare Income, Inc., debt securities collateralized largely by certain debt and preferred equity within the capital structure of the Wellness Infrastructure portfolio, limited partner interests in private equity real estate funds; as well as (ii) the exchangeable senior notes, trust preferred securities and corresponding junior subordinated debt, all of which were issued by NRF Holdco who acts as guarantor. 
 The sales price for of the equity of NRF Holdco was million, composed of million cash and a million unsecured promissory note (the "Seller Note"). In addition, NRF Holdco distributed approximately million of cash to the Company prior to closing. The Seller Note, which is classified as held for investment and carried at fair value under the fair value option, matures from closing of the sale, accruing paid-in-kind interest at per annum. The sale included the acquirer's assumption of billion of consolidated investment level debt on various healthcare portfolios in which the Company owned between and , and million of debt at NRF Holdco. 
 Other operations of substantially all of the Company's OED investments and Other IM business that were previously in the Other segment prior to sale of the Company's equity interests and subsequent deconsolidation of these subsidiaries in December 2021. The OED investments and Other IM business are composed of various non-digital real estate, real estate-related equity and debt investments, general partner interests and management rights with respect to these assets, and underlying compensation and administrative costs for managing these assets. Also included in discontinued operations are the economics related to the management of BRSP prior to termination of its management contract in April 2021. 
 Hotel operations of the Company's Hospitality segment and the THL Hotel Portfolio that was previously in the Other segment. In March 2021, the Company sold of the equity in its hotel subsidiaries holding of the portfolios in the Hospitality segment, and the Company's interest in the THL Hotel Portfolio which was deconsolidated upon sale. The remaining hotel portfolio that was in receivership was sold by the lender in September 2021. 
 F-70 

Table of Contents 

Fee income Interest income Other income Revenues from discontinued operations Expenses Property operating expense Interest expense Transaction-related costs and investment expense Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss Compensation and administrative expense Expenses from discontinued operations Other income (loss) Gain on sale of real estate Other gain (loss), net ) Equity method losses ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations attributable to: Noncontrolling interests in investment entities ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests in Operating Company ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations attributable to DigitalBridge Group, Inc. ) ) ) 
 
 F-71 

Table of Contents 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 ) 2020 Denver, CO DEN 1 ) 2020 Westminster, CO DEN 4 ) 2020 Denver, CO DEN 5 (5) 
 2021 Dallas, TX DFW 4 ) 2020 Washington, DC IAD 3 (5) 
 2021 New York, NY LGA 3 (5) 
 2021 Irvine, CA SNA 1 ) 2020 Atlanta, GA ATL 1 ) 2019 Atlanta, GA ATL 4 (5) 
 2021 Denver, CO DEN 2 ) 2022 Plano, TX DFW 3 ) 2019 Minneapolis, MN MSP 3 ) 2020 Overland Park, KS KC 2 ) 2019 Lenexa, KS KC 3 ) 2019 North Fayette, PA PIT 2 ) 2019 Bluffdale, UT SLC 2 ) 2019 Bluffdale, UT SLC 3 ) 2019 Bluffdale, UT SLC 4 ) 2019 Bluffdale, UT SLC 5 ) 2019 Bluffdale, UT SLC 6 ) 2019 Houston, TX HOU 1 ) 2022 Houston, TX HOU 2 ) 2022 Houston, TX HOU 3 ) 2022 Houston, TX HOU 4 2022 Houston, TX HOU 5 ) 2022 Leased Waco, TX ACT 1 ) 2020 Austin, TX AUS 1 ) 2020 Boston, MA BOS 1 ) 2020 Denver, CO DEN 3 ) 2020 Dallas, TX DFW 5 ) 2020 Dallas, TX DFW 6 ) 2020 Dallas, TX DFW 7 ) 2020 
 F-72 

Table of Contents 

) 2020 Piscataway, NJ EWR 2 ) 2020 Ashburn, VA IAD 1 ) 2020 McLean, VA IAD 2 ) 2020 Las Vegas, NV LAS 1 ) 2020 Las Angeles, CA LAX 1 ) 2020 New York, NY LGA 1 ) 2020 New York, NY LGA 2 ) 2020 Memphis, TN MEM 1 ) 2020 Miami, FL MIA 1 ) 2020 Minneapolis, MN MSP 4 ) 2020 Chicago, IL ORD 1 ) 2020 Chicago, IL ORD 2 ) 2020 Mount Prospect, IL ORD 3 ) 2020 Chicago, IL ORD 4 ) 2020 Philadelphia, PA PHL 1 ) 2020 Phoenix, AZ PHX 1,2 3 ) 2020 San Diego, CA SAN 1 ) 2020 San Diego, CA SAN 2 ) 2020 Seattle, WA SEA 1 ) 2020 Tukwila, WA SEA 2 ) 2020 Santa Clara, CA SFO 1 ) 2020 Irvine, CA SNA 2 ) 2020 Feltham, UK LHR 1 ) 2020 Paris, France PAR 1 ) 2021 Saint-Denis, France PAR 2 ) 2021 V lizy-Villacoublay, France PAR 3 ) 2021 Montpellier, France MPL 1 ) 2021 Balma, France TLS 1 ) 2021 Lenexa, KS KC 1 ) 2019 Salt Lake City, UT SLC 1 ) 2019 Baltimore, MD BWI 1 ) 2019 Cleveland, OH CLE 1 ) 2019 Dallas, TX DFW 1 ) 2019 Richardson, TX DFW 2 ) 2019 
 F-73 

Table of Contents 

) 2019 Edina, MN MSP 1 ) 2019 Eagan, MN MSP 2 ) 2019 Pittsburgh, PA PIT 1 ) 2019 Data Centers Hyperscale Owned Santa Clara, CA 11 ) 2020 Santa Clara, CA 12 ) 2020 Santa Clara, CA 13 ) 2020 Santa Clara, CA 14 ) 2020 Santa Clara, CA 15 ) 2020 Santa Clara, CA 16 ) 2020 Santa Clara, CA 21 ) 2020 Santa Clara, CA 22 ) 2021 Quincy, WA 11 ) 2020 Quincy, WA 12 ) 2020 Montreal, Canada 11 ) 2020 Quebec City, Canada 21 ) 2020 Quebec City, Canada 22 ) 2020 Total real estate ) 
 __________ 
 (1) Includes construction in progress and data center infrastructure. 
 (2) Presented net of impairment of real estate, where applicable. 
 (3) Depreciation is calculated using useful life ranging from to years for site improvements, to years for buildings, to years for building improvements, and to years for data center infrastructure. 
 (4) The aggregate gross cost of real estate for federal income tax purposes was approximately billion at December 31, 2022. 
 (5) Represents construction or data center build-out that are in progress. 
 
 F-74 

Table of Contents 

Asset acquisitions and business combinations Measurement period adjustments for real estate acquired in business combinations ) Foreclosures and exchanges of loans receivable for real estate Improvements and capitalized costs (1) 
 Dispositions (2) 
 ) ) ) Impairment (Note 21) 
 ) ) ) Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates ) ) Balance at December 31 Classified as held for disposition, net (3) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, held for investment 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Accumulated Depreciation Balance at January 1 Depreciation Dispositions (2) 
 ) ) ) Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates ) ) Balance at December 31 Classified as held for disposition, net (3) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, held for investment 
 __________ 
 (1) Includes transaction costs capitalized for asset acquisitions. 
 (2) Includes amounts classified as held for disposition during the year and disposed before the end of the year. 
 (3) Amounts classified as held for disposition during the year and remain as held for disposition at the end of the year. Includes amounts retrospectively classified as held for disposition in connection with discontinued operations. 

F-75 

Table of Contents 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Restated Charter of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2022) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2021) 
 3.3 Articles Supplementary designating 7.15 Series I Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, par value 0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-A filed on June 5, 2017) 
 3.4 Articles Supplementary designating 7.125 Series J Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, par value 0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Colony NorthStar, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on September 22, 2017) 
 4.1 Form of stock certificate evidencing the 7.125 Series J Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, par value 0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on September 22, 2017) 
 4.2 Form of stock certificate evidencing the 7.15 Series I Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, par value 0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on June 5, 2017) 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of April 10, 2013, between DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (f/k/a Colony Financial, Inc.) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Colony Financial, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 10, 2013) 
 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 10, 2013, by and between DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (f/k/a Colony Financial, Inc.) and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Colony Capital, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 10, 2013) 
 4.5 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 10, 2017, between DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (f/k/a Colony NorthStar, Inc.) and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2017) 
 4.6 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 4.7 Form of Class A Common Stock Purchase Warrant of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2022) 
 4.8 Indenture, dated as of July 21, 2020, among DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC (f/k/a Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC), DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (f/k/a Colony Capital, Inc.) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2020) 
 4.9 Form of 5.75 Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.8) 
 4.10 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 21, 2020, by and among DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC (f/k/a Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC), DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (f/k/a Colony Capital, Inc.) and the initial purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2020) 
 4.11 Base Indenture, dated as of July 9, 2021, by and among DigitalBridge Issuer, LLC, DigitalBridge Co-Issuer, LLC, together as Co-Issuers, certain indirect and direct subsidiaries of the Co-Issuers and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2021) 
 4.12 First Amendment to Base Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2022, by and among DigitalBridge Issuer, LLC, DigitalBridge Co-Issuer, LLC, together as Co-Issuers, certain indirect and direct subsidiaries of the Co-Issuers and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2022) 
 4.13 Series 2021-1 Supplement to Base Indenture, dated as of July 9, 2021, by and between DigitalBridge Issuer, LLC and DigitalBridge Co-Issuer, LLC, together as Co-Issuers of the Series 2021-1 secured fund fee revenue notes, Class A-2, and Series 2021-1 variable funding senior notes, Class A-1, certain indirect and direct subsidiaries of the Co-Issuers and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2021) 
 4.14 Amendment No. 1 to Series 2021-1 Supplement to Base Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2022, by and among DigitalBridge Issuer, LLC and DigitalBridge Co-Issuer, LLC, together as Co-Issuers, certain indirect and direct subsidiaries of the Co-Issuers and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2022) 
 Certain Instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Registrant and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the SEC, upon request, copies of any such instruments. 10.1 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC (f/k/a Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2017) 
 10.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC (f/k/a Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC), dated as of June 23, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2017) 
 10.3 Amendment No. 2 to the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC (f/k/a Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC), dated as of October 13, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2017) 
 
 F-76 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.4 Amendment No. 3 to the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC (f/k/a Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC), dated as of October 18, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2017) 
 10.5 Amendment No. 4 to the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC (f/k/a Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC), dated as of November 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2018) 
 10.6 Amendment No. 5 to the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC (f/k/a Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC), dated as of July 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 9, 2021) 
 10.7 DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on August 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2022) 
 10.8 Form of Indemnification Agreement, by and between DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (f/k/a Colony NorthStar, Inc.) and the Officers and Directors of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K12B filed on January 10, 2017) 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2022, between DigitalBridge Group, Inc. and Ronald M. Sanders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2022) 
 10.10 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2019, between DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (f/k/a Colony Capital, Inc.) and Marc Ganzi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2019) 
 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2022) 
 10.12 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2022) 
 10.13 Investment Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2020, by and among Colony Valhalla Partners I-A Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Colony Valhalla Partners I-B Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Colony Valhalla Partners II Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, CBRE Caledon Valhalla Aggregator Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership and Vantage Data Centers Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 13, 2020) 
 10.14 Agreement of Purchase and Sale, dated as of April 14, 2022, by and among DigitalBridge Digital IM Holdco, LLC, Wafra Strategic Holdings LP, W-Catalina (B) LLC, W-Catalina (S) LLC, W-Catalina (C) LLC, and, solely with respect to certain sections, DigitalBridge Group, Inc. and DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 18, 2022) 
 10.15 Termination Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2022, by and among DigitalBridge Management Holdings, LLC, DigitalBridge Digital IM Holdco, LLC, DigitalBridge IM Manager, LLC, DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC, DigitalBridge Group, Inc., Colony DCP (CI) Bermuda, LP, Marc Ganzi, Ben Jenkins, W-Catalina (C) LLC and W-Catalina (S) LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2022) 
 10.16 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2022, by and between DigitalBridge Group, Inc. and Wafra Strategic Holdings LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2022) 
 10.17 Amended and Restated Carried Interest Participation Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2022, by and among Colony DCP (CI) Bermuda, LP, Colony DCP (CI) GP, LLC, DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC, DigitalBridge Group, Inc. and W-Catalina (C) LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2022) 
 10.18 Amended and Restated Restrictive Covenant Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2020, by and between DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (f/k/a Colony Capital, Inc.) and Marc Ganzi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2020) 
 10.19 Joinder and Amendment to Letter Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2020, by and among Digital Bridge Holdings, LLC, CC Valhalla Investor, LLC, Marc Ganzi, Benjamin Jenkins and the other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020) 
 10.20 Assignment and Contribution Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2020, by and among Marc Ganzi, Benjamin Jenkins, MCG Analog, LLC, the Ganzi Extended Family Trust, BJJ Analog, LLC, DB Aviator Manager Rollover Holdings, L.P., DCR YieldCo Holdings, LP and DCR and Aviator Holdings GP, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020) 
 10.21 Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement of DB Aviator Manager Rollover Holdings, L.P., dated as of July 22, 2020, by and among Colony Valhalla GP, LLC, Colony Capital Acquisitions, LLC, MCG Analog, LLC, Ganzi Extended Family Trust, BJJ Analog, LLC and Valhalla Management Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020) 
 10.22 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2022, between DigitalBridge Group, Inc. and Jacky Wu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2022) 
 10.23 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2021 between DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (f/k/a Colony Capital, Inc.) and Sonia Kim (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2021) 
 10.24 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2022, between DigitalBridge Group, Inc. and Benjamin J. Jenkins (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2022) 
 10.25 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2022, between DigitalBridge Group, Inc. and Liam Stewart (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2022) 
 10.26 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2018, by and among BrightSpire Capital, Inc. (f/k/a Colony NorthStar Credit Real Estate), Inc., DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC (f/k/a Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC) and NRF RED REIT Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2018) 
 10.27 Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2021, by and between BrightSpire Capital, Inc. (f/k/a Colony Credit Real Estate, Inc.) and DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC (f/k/a Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2021) 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.28 Class A-1 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 9, 2021, by and among DigitalBridge Issuer, LLC and DigitalBridge Co-Issuer, LLC, together as Co-Issuers, each of DigitalBridge Holdings 1, LLC, DigitalBridge Holdings 2, LLC and DigitalBridge Holdings 3, LLC, DigitalBridge Guarantor, LLC and DigitalBridge Co-Guarantor, LLC, as Co-Guarantors, Colony Capital Investment Holdco, LLC, as Manager, the conduit investors party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto, certain funding agents, and Barclays Bank PLC, as L/C Provider and Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2021) 
 10.29 Amendment No. 1 Class A-1 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2022, by and among DigitalBridge Issuer, LLC and DigitalBridge Co-Issuer, LLC, together as Co-Issuers, each of DigitalBridge Holdings 1, LLC, DigitalBridge Holdings 2, LLC and DigitalBridge Holdings 3, LLC, together as Asset Entities, DigitalBridge Guarantor, LLC and DigitalBridge Co-Guarantor, LLC, together as Co-Guarantors, DigitalBridge Investment Holdco, LLC, as Manager, the conduit investors party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto, certain funding agents, and Barclays Bank PLC, as L/C Provider and Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2022) 
 10.30 The Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of July 9, 2021, between DigitalBridge Guarantor, LLC and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2021) 
 10.31 The Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of July 9, 2021, between DigitalBridge Co-Guarantor, LLC and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2021) 
 10.32 Management Agreement, dated as of July 9, 2021, by and among DigitalBridge Issuer, LLC and DigitalBridge Co-Issuer, LLC, together as Co-Issuers, each of DigitalBridge Holdings 1, LLC, DigitalBridge Holdings 2, LLC and DigitalBridge Holdings 3, LLC, DigitalBridge Guarantor, LLC and DigitalBridge Co-Guarantor, LLC, as Co-Guarantors, and Colony Capital Investment Holdco, LLC, as Manager (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2021) 
 10.33 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated September 6, 2021, between DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC and CWP Bidco LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2021) 
 10.34 Amendment to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated February 28, 2022, between DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC and CWP Bidco LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2022) 
 10.35 Agreement for Sale and Purchase, dated March 25, 2022, between Telenet Group Holding NV and DB SAF Pillar Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 10.36 Amended and Restated Equity Purchase Agreement, by and among AMP Group Holdings Limited, AMP Capital Investors International Holdings Limited, DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC and DigitalBridge Investment Holdco, LLC, dated as of December 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2022) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Marc C. Ganzi, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Jacky Wu, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Marc C. Ganzi, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Jacky Wu, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File 
 __________ 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan contract or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 The document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Schedules and exhibits to such agreement have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant will furnish copies of such schedules and exhibits to the SEC upon request. 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: February 27, 2023 
 DigitalBridge Group, Inc. By: /s/ Marc C. Ganzi Marc C. Ganzi Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Table of Contents 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jacky Wu and Ronald M. Sanders and each of them severally, her or his true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and re-substitution to sign in her or his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as she or he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and her or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Marc C. Ganzi Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 27, 2023 Marc C. Ganzi /s/ Jacky Wu Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 27, 2023 Jacky Wu /s/ Sonia Kim Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 27, 2023 Sonia Kim /s/ Nancy A. Curtin Director February 27, 2023 Nancy A. Curtin /s/ J. Braxton Carter Director February 27, 2023 J. Braxton Carter /s/ Jeannie H. Diefenderfer Director February 27, 2023 Jeannie H. Diefenderfer /s/ Jon A. Fosheim Director February 27, 2023 Jon A. Fosheim /s/ Gregory J. McCray Director February 27, 2023 Gregory J. McCray /s/ Sh ka Rasheed Director February 27, 2023 Sh ka Rasheed /s/ Dale Anne Reiss Director February 27, 2023 Dale Anne Reiss /s/ David M. Tolley Director February 27, 2023 David M. Tolley 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 exhibit31dbrg2022q4.htm
 RESTATED CHARTER OF DIGITALBRIDGE GROUP, INC.

Document 

Exhibit 3.1 

This restated charter of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. is a composite charter that includes prior amendments to reflect the name change of the Corporation and has not been approved by the board of directors of the Corporation or filed with the Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation. 
 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 
 ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT 

DigitalBridge Group, Inc . , a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), hereby certifies to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland that 
 
 FIRST The charter of the Corporation is hereby amended to provide that, immediately upon the Effective Time (as defined below), every four shares of Class A common stock (the Class A Common Stock ), 0.01 par value per share, of the Corporation which were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be combined into one issued and outstanding share of Class A Common Stock, 0.04 par value per share, of the Corporation . Upon the Effective Time, no fractional shares of Class A Common Stock of the Corporation will be or remain issued and each stockholder otherwise entitled to a fractional share shall be entitled to receive in lieu thereof cash from the disposition of such fractional shares as provided herein. The Corporation shall arrange for the disposition of fractional shares (other than outstanding restricted shares of the Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan) by the mechanism of having the transfer agent of the Corporation (x) aggregate such fractional shares into whole shares, (y) sell the shares resulting from the aggregation on the open market and (z) make a cash payment to stockholders otherwise entitled to fractional shares equal to the stockholder s pro-rata share of the total proceeds of such sales, without interest thereon. With respect to outstanding restricted shares of the Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, any fractional share of Class A Common Stock resulting from the amendment effected hereby shall be rounded up or down to the nearest whole share of Class A Common Stock, as the case may be. 
 
 SECOND As provided in Section 6.3.3 of the Articles of Amendment and Restatement, filed on January 10, 2017 at 1 30 p.m., as amended, the outstanding Class B Common Stock is automatically combined in the same proportion as the outstanding Class A Common Stock set forth in Article FIRST above. Upon the Effective Time, no fractional shares of Class B Common Stock of the Corporation will be or remain issued and each stockholder otherwise entitled to a fractional share shall be entitled to receive in lieu thereof cash from the disposition of such fractional shares. 
 
 THIRD The amendment to the charter of the Corporation as set forth above has been duly approved by at least a majority of the entire Board of Directors of the Corporation as required by law. The amendment set forth herein is made without action by the stockholders of the Corporation, pursuant to Section 2-309(e) of the Maryland Corporations and Associations Code. 
 
 FOURTH These Articles of Amendment shall become effective as of 5 00 p.m. Eastern time on August 22, 2022 (the Effective Time ). 
 
 FIFTH The undersigned acknowledges these Articles of Amendment to be the corporate act of the Corporation and as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned acknowledges that to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles of Amendment to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its Chief Financial Officer and attested to by its Secretary on this 18 th day of August, 2022. 

ATTEST DIGITALBRIDGE GROUP, INC. s Ronald M. Sanders s Jacky Wu 
 Name Ronald M. Sanders Name Jacky Wu Title Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer & Secretary Title Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

COLONY CAPITAL, INC. 
 
 ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT 
 
 THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT 
 
 FIRST The charter of Colony Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), is hereby amended by deleting existing Article II in its entirety and substituting in lieu thereof a new article to read as follows 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 NAME 
 
 The name of the corporation (the Corporation is 
 
 DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 
 SECOND The amendment to the charter of the Corporation as set forth above has been duly approved by at least a majority of the entire Board of Directors of the Corporation as required by law. The amendment set forth herein is made without action by the stockholders of the Corporation, pursuant to Section 2-605(a)(1) of the Maryland General Corporation Law. 
 
 THIRD These Articles of Amendment shall become effective as of 4 00 p.m. Eastern time on June 21, 2021. 
 
 FOURTH The undersigned acknowledges these Articles of Amendment to be the corporate act of the Corporation and as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned acknowledges that to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles of Amendment to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its Chief Financial Officer and President and attested to by its Secretary on this 21st day of June, 2021. 

ATTEST COLONY CAPITAL, INC. s Ronald M. Sanders s Jacky Wu 
 Name Ronald M. Sanders Name Jacky Wu Title Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer & Secretary Title Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

COLONY NORTHSTAR, INC. 
 ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT 
 
 THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT 
 
 FIRST The charter of Colony Northstar, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), is hereby amended by deleting existing Article II in its entirety and substituting in lieu thereof a new article to read as follows 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 NAME 
 
 The name of the corporation (the Corporation is 
 
 Colony Capital, Inc. 
 
 SECOND The amendment to the charter of the Corporation as set forth above has been duly approved by at least a majority of the entire Board of Directors of the Corporation as required by law. The amendment set forth herein is made without action by the stockholders of the Corporation, pursuant to Section 2-605(a)(1) of the Maryland General Corporation Law. 
 
 THIRD These Articles of Amendment shall become effective as of 12 01 a.m. Eastern time on June 25, 2018. 
 
 FOURTH The undersigned acknowledges these Articles of Amendment to be the corporate act of the Corporation and as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned acknowledges that to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury. 

Signature Page follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles of Amendment to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its Chief Executive Officer and President and attested to by its Secretary on this 22nd day of June, 2018. 

ATTEST COLONY NORTHSTAR, INC. s Ronald M. Sanders s Richard B. Saltzman 
 Name Ronald M. Sanders Name Richard B. Saltzman Title Secretary Title Chief Executive Officer & President 

Signature Page to Articles of Amendment 

COLONY NORTHSTAR, INC. 
 
 ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 
 
 FIRST Colony NorthStar, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), desires to amend and restate its charter as currently in effect and as hereinafter amended. 
 
 SECOND The following provisions and Exhibits A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H (the Exhibits are all the provisions of the charter currently in effect and as hereinafter amended 

ARTICLE I INCORPORATOR 
 The undersigned, Ronald J. Lieberman, whose address is 399 Park Avenue, 19 th Floor, New York, NY 10022, being at least 18 years of age, formed a corporation under the general laws of the State of Maryland on May 31, 2016. 

ARTICLE II NAME 
 The name of the corporation (the Corporation is 
 Colony NorthStar, Inc. 

ARTICLE III PURPOSE 
 The purposes for which the Corporation is formed are to engage in any lawful act or activity (including, without limitation or obligation, engaging in business as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor statute (the Code )) for which corporations may be organized under the general laws of the State of Maryland as now or hereafter in force. For purposes of these Articles, REIT means a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code. 

ARTICLE IV 
 
 PRINCIPAL OFFICE IN STATE AND RESIDENT AGENT 
 
 The address of the principal office of the Corporation in the State of Maryland is c o CSC-Lawyers Incorporating Service Company, 7 St. Paul Street, Suite 820, Baltimore, MD 21202. The name of the resident agent of the Corporation in the State of Maryland is CSC-Lawyers Incorporating Service Company, whose post address is 7 St. Paul Street, Suite 820, Baltimore, MD 21202. The resident agent is a Maryland corporation. 

ARTICLE V 
 
 PROVISIONS FOR DEFINING, LIMITING AND REGULATING CERTAIN POWERS OF THE 
 CORPORATION AND OF THE STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORS 
 
 Section 5.1 Number of Directors . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. The number of directors of the Corporation initially shall be ten, which number may be increased or decreased only by the Board of Directors pursuant to the Bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws ), but shall never be less than the minimum number required by the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL ). The names of the directors who shall serve until the first annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualify are 
 David T. Hamamoto Jon A. Fosheim Douglas Crocker II Thomas J. Barrack, Jr. 
 2 

Nancy A Curtin George G. C. Parker John A. Somers John L. Steffens 
 Charles W. Schoenherr Justin Metz 
 
 Any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled in the manner provided in the Bylaws. The Corporation may not elect to be subject to any provision contained in Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL. 
 
 Section 5.2 Extraordinar y Actions. Except as specifically provided in Article VIII, notwithstanding any provision of law permitting or requiring any action to be taken or approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a greater number of votes, any such action shall be effective and valid if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and taken or approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Section 5.3 Authorization b y Board of Stock Issuance. The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance from time to time of shares of stock of the Corporation of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into shares of its stock of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, for such consideration as the Board of Directors may deem advisable (or without consideration in the case of a stock split or stock dividend), subject to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in the charter of the Corporation (the Charter or the Bylaws. 
 3 

Section 5.4 Preemptive Rights . Except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares of stock pursuant to Section 6.6 or as may otherwise be provided by a contract approved by the Board of Directors, no holder of shares of stock of the Corporation shall, as such holder, have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional shares of stock of the Corporation or any other security of the Corporation which it may issue or sell. 
 
 Section 5.5 Indemnification . (a) The Corporation shall, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, indemnify, and pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to, (i) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the Corporation or (ii) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, trustee, member, manager, employee, partner or agent of another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise from and against any claim or liability to which such person may become subject or which such person may incur by reason of his or her service in such capacity. The Corporation shall provide such indemnification and advancement of expenses to a person who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (i) or (ii) above and shall have the power, with the approval of the Board of Directors, to provide the same (or lesser) indemnification and advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation. Any amendment of this Section 5.5(a) shall be prospective only and shall not affect the applicability of this section with respect to any act or failure to act that occurred prior to such amendment. 
 4 

(b) The Corporation may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person described in the preceding paragraph against any liability which may be asserted against such person. 
 (c) The indemnification provided herein shall not be deemed to limit the right of the Corporation to indemnify any other person for any such expenses to the fullest extent permitted by law, nor shall it be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any person seeking indemnification from the Corporation may be entitled under any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in such person s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. 
 
 Section 5.6 Determinations b y Board. The determination as to any of the following matters, made by or pursuant to the direction of the Board of Directors, shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Corporation and every holder of shares of its stock the amount of the net income of the Corporation for any period and the amount of assets at any time legally available for the payment of dividends, acquisition of its stock or the payment of other distributions on its stock the amount of paid-in surplus, net assets, other surplus, cash flow, funds from operations, adjusted funds from operations, net profit, net assets in excess of capital, undivided profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets the amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or decrease, alteration or cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have been created shall have been set aside, paid or discharged) any interpretation or resolution of any ambiguity with respect to any provision of the Charter (including any of the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of any 
 5 

shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation) or of the Bylaws the number of shares of stock of any class or series of the Corporation the fair value, or any sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the fair value, of any asset owned or held by the Corporation or of any shares of stock of the Corporation any matter relating to the acquisition, holding and disposition of any assets by the Corporation any interpretation of the terms and conditions of one or more agreements with any person, corporation, association, company, trust, partnership (limited or general) or other entity the compensation of directors, officers, employees or agents of the Corporation or any other matter relating to the business and affairs of the Corporation or required or permitted by applicable law, the Charter or Bylaws or otherwise to be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 5.7 REIT Qualification . If the Corporation elects to qualify for federal income tax treatment as a REIT, the Board of Directors shall use its reasonable best efforts to take such actions as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the status of the Corporation as a REIT however, if the Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Corporation to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT, the Board of Directors may revoke or otherwise terminate the Corporation s REIT election pursuant to Section 856(g) of the Code. The Board of Directors, in its sole and absolute discretion, also may (a) determine that compliance with any restriction or limitation on stock ownership and transfers set forth in Article VII is no longer required for REIT qualification and (b) make any other determination or take any other action pursuant to Article VII. 
 6 

Section 5.8 Removal of Directors . Subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock to elect or remove one or more directors, any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. 
 
 Section 5.9 Corporate Opportunities . The Corporation shall have the power, by resolution of the Board of Directors, to renounce any interest or expectancy of the Corporation in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, business opportunities or classes or categories of business opportunities that are presented to the Corporation or developed by or presented to one or more directors or officers of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 5.10 Appraisal Rights . Holders of shares of Common Stock (as defined herein) shall be entitled to exercise the rights of an objecting stockholder provided for under Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL or any successor statute. In addition to such statutory rights of an objecting stockholder and notwithstanding the limitations on exercising the rights of an objecting stockholder under Section 3-202(c)(1) of the MGCL, a holder of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock shall have the additional right, pursuant to this Section 5.10, to demand and receive payment of the fair value of such stockholder s shares of Common Stock in any merger, consolidation or statutory share exchange if the holder of such shares of Common Stock is required by the terms of an agreement or plan of merger, consolidation, or statutory share exchange to accept for such shares of Common Stock anything except (a) shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from such merger, consolidation or statutory share exchange, or depository receipts in respect thereof, (b) shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts in respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the merger, consolidation or statutory share exchange will be either listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 holders, 
 (c) cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described 
 7 

in the foregoing subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 5.10, or (d) any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing subsections (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 5.10. This Section 5.10 shall not alter the effect of Section 3-202(c)(3) of the MGCL. Holders of shares of Common Stock exercising the rights of an objecting stockholder provided in this Section 5.10 shall comply with the requirements to properly exercise such rights set forth in Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL to the same extent as if the holders were exercising the rights of an objecting stockholder provided for in Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL or any successor statute including, without limitation, voting against the transaction and providing the Corporation with all required notices. 

ARTICLE VI STOCK 
 Section 6.1 Authorized Shares . The Corporation has authority to issue 1,250,000,000 shares of stock, consisting of 949,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share Class A Common Stock ), 1,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share Class B Common Stock ), 50,000,000 shares of Performance Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share Performance Common Stock and together with the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, the Common Stock ), and 250,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, 
 0.01 par value per share Preferred Stock ), including those shares of Preferred Stock described in the Exhibits attached hereto. The aggregate par value of all authorized shares of stock having par value is 12,500,000. If shares of one class of stock are classified or reclassified into shares of another class of stock pursuant to Section 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5 
 8 

or 6.6 of this Article VI, the number of authorized shares of the former class shall be automatically decreased and the number of shares of the latter class shall be automatically increased, in each case by the number of shares so classified or reclassified, so that the aggregate number of shares of stock of all classes that the Corporation has authority to issue shall not be more than the total number of shares of stock set forth in the first sentence of this paragraph. 
 
 Section 6.2 Class A Common Stock . Subject to the provisions of Article VII and except as may otherwise be specified in the Charter, each share of Class A Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote. The Board of Directors may reclassify any unissued shares of Class A Common Stock from time to time in one or more classes or series of Common Stock or Preferred Stock. 
 
 Section 6.2.1 Dividends and other Distributions . The Board of Directors may from time to time authorize and the Corporation shall declare to the holders of Class A Common Stock such dividends or other distributions in cash or other assets of the Corporation or in securities of the Corporation or from any other source as the Board of Directors in its discretion shall determine, but only out of funds legally available therefor. The Board of Directors shall endeavor to authorize, and the Corporation shall declare and pay, such dividends and other distributions as shall be necessary for the Corporation to qualify as a REIT under the Code (unless the Board of Directors has determined that it is no longer in the best interests of the Corporation to continue to be qualified as a REIT) however, stockholders shall have no right to any dividend or other distribution unless and until authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation. The exercise of the powers and rights of the Board of Directors pursuant to this Section 6.2.1 shall be subject to the preferences of any class or series of stock at the time outstanding. 
 9 

Section 6.2.2 Liquidation Rights . In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of, or any distribution of the assets of, the Corporation, the holders of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to participate, together with the holders of shares of any other class or series of stock now existing or hereafter classified or reclassified not having a preference over Class A Common Stock as to distributions in the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, in the distribution of any assets of the Corporation remaining after the Corporation shall have paid, or provided for payment of, all debts and liabilities of the Corporation and after the Corporation shall have paid, or set aside for payment, to the holders of any class or series of stock having preferences over the Class A Common Stock as to distributions in the event of dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 6.2.3 Equal Status . Except as expressly provided in this Article VI, Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Performance Common Stock shall have the same rights and privileges and rank equally, share ratably and be identical in all respects as to all matters. 
 
 Section 6.3 Class B Common Stock . Subject to the provisions of Article VII, the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted and imposed upon the Class B Common Stock are as follows 
 
 Section 6.3.1 Definitions . For the purpose of only this Section 6.3, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Affiliate . The term Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, (i) any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person, or (ii) any officer, director, general partner or trustee of such Person or any Person referred to in the foregoing clause (i). 
 10 

Beneficial Owner . The term Beneficial Owner has the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 Beneficial Ownershi p. The term Beneficial Ownership shall mean, with respect to any security, the direct or indirect ownership of such security by any Beneficial Owner of such security, except that, in calculating the beneficial ownership of any particular person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire by conversion or exercise of other securities, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only after the passage of time. 
 
 Business Da y. The term Business Day has the meaning set forth in Article VII below. 
 
 Control . The term Control means, when used with respect to any Person, the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
 
 Exchan g e Act . The term Exchange Act has the meaning set forth in the definition of Beneficial Owner. 
 
 Executive . The term Executive means each Person who is a member of, or an interest holder of, CCH Management Partners I, LLC or CCH Management Partners II, LLC, Colony Capital, LLC or Colony Capital Holdings, LLC, other than Thomas J. Barrack, Jr., in each case for so long as he or she remains employed by the Corporation or any of its Affiliates. 
 11 

Fami ly Member. The term Family Member means, as to any Person that is an individual, (i) such Person s spouse, ancestors (whether by blood or by adoption or step-ancestors by marriage), descendants (whether by blood or by adoption or step-descendants by marriage), brothers and sisters, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law and descendants (whether by blood or by adoption or step-descendants by marriage) of a brother or sister and (ii) any inter vivos or testamentary trusts (whether revocable or irrevocable) of which only such Person, his or her spouse, ancestors (whether by blood or by adoption or step-ancestors by marriage), descendants (whether by blood or by adoption or step-descendants by marriage), brothers and sisters, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, 
 brother-in-law, sister-in-law and descendants (whether by blood or by adoption or step-descendants by marriage) of a brother or sister are the sole initial income beneficiaries. 
 
 Initial Holder . The term Initial Holder shall mean Thomas J. Barrack, Jr. 
 
 OP Unit . The term OP Unit shall mean Membership Common Unit as set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
 
 Operating Partnership . The term Operating Partnership shall mean Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC. 
 
 Partnership Agreement . The term Partnership Agreement shall mean the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability 
 Company Agreement of Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC. 
 12 

Person . The term Person shall mean an individual or a corporation, partnership (general or limited), trust, estate, custodian, nominee, unincorporated organization, association, limited liability company or any other individual or entity in its own or any representative capacity. 
 
 Q ualified Transferee . The term Qualified Transferee shall mean (a) Colony Capital, LLC and Colony Capital Holdings, LLC, 
 (b) any Executive, (c) any Family Member or Affiliate of an Executive or of the Initial Holder, or (d) any Person (to the extent not included in clause (c)) Controlled by any combination of one or more Executives, the Initial Holder and or one or more Family Members of an Executive or the Initial Holder. None of the Corporation, the Operating Partnership, or the Trustee shall be a Qualified Transferee. 
 
 Transfer . The term Transfer (and the correlative terms Transferring and Transferred has the meaning set forth in Article VII below provided that for purposes of this Article VI, Transfer (and the correlative terms Transferring and Transferred shall not include any hypothecation, pledge or security interest that does not include a transfer or sharing of any voting rights of such securities unless and until the secured party gains possession or control of any such voting rights. 
 
 Trustee . The term Trustee has the meaning set forth in Article VII below. 
 13 

Section 6.3.2 Votin g Rights . Subject to the provisions of Article VII and except as may otherwise be specified in the Charter, each share of Class B Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to thirty-six and one-half (36.5) votes on each matter on which holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to vote. The Class B Common Stock and Class A Common Stock shall vote together as a single class. The Board of Directors may reclassify any unissued shares of Class B Common Stock from time to time in one or more classes or series of Common Stock or Preferred Stock. 
 
 Section 6.3.3 Dividends and other Distributions Subdivisions or Combinations . Subject to the preferences applicable to any class or series of Preferred Stock, if any, outstanding at any time, if and when the Board of Directors authorizes or declares a dividend or other distribution of cash, property or shares of stock of the Corporation with respect to each share of Class A Common Stock out of assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor, such authorization or declaration also shall constitute a simultaneous authorization or declaration of an equivalent dividend or other distribution with respect to each share of Class B Common Stock. If the Corporation in any manner subdivides or combines the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock will be subdivided or combined in the same manner. 
 
 Section 6.3.4 Liquidation Rights . In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of, or any distribution of the assets of, the Corporation, each holder of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to participate, together with the holders of shares of any other class or series of stock now existing or hereafter classified or reclassified not having a preference over Class B Common Stock as to distributions in the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, in the distribution of any assets of the Corporation remaining after the Corporation shall have paid, or provided for payment of, all 
 14 

debts and liabilities of the Corporation and after the Corporation shall have paid, or set aside for payment, to the holders of any class or series of stock having preference over the Class B Common Stock as to distributions in the event of dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 6.3.5 Equal Status . Except as expressly provided in this Article VI, Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Performance Common Stock shall have the same rights and privileges and rank equally, share ratably and be identical in all respects as to all matters. 
 
 Section 6.3.6 Conversion . The Class B Common Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other property or securities of the Corporation, except as provided in this Section 6.3.6. 
 (a) Automatic Conversion . Shares of Class B Common Stock shall convert automatically into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Class A Common Stock at a ratio of one share of Class A Common Stock for each share of Class B Common Stock in the following circumstances 
 (i) In the event that the Initial Holder or any of his Family Members Transfers or causes to be Transferred, directly or indirectly, Beneficial Ownership of Class B Common Stock, other than to the Initial Holder or any of his Family Members, each share of Class B Common Stock being Transferred shall convert automatically into one share of Class A Common Stock immediately prior to such Transfer and 
 15 

(ii) In the event that 
 (x) the Initial Holder Transfers or causes to be Transferred, directly or indirectly, Beneficial Ownership of OP Units held, directly or indirectly, by the Initial Holder, other than to a Qualified Transferee, 
 (y) a Qualified Transferee Transfers or causes to be Transferred, directly or indirectly, Beneficial Ownership of OP Units held, directly or indirectly, by such Qualified Transferee, other than to the Initial Holder or to another Qualified Transferee or 
 (z) a Qualified Transferee that is a Beneficial Owner of OP Units ceases at any time to continue to be a Qualified Transferee (as defined above), including, without limitation, as a result of the failure of any Executive to be employed by the Corporation or any of its Affiliates or as a result of divorce or annulment then, in each case, one share of Class B Common Stock Beneficially Owned by the Initial Holder (or the Initial Holder s Family Members, to the extent the Initial Holder does not then Beneficially Own sufficient shares), upon such Transfer (in the case of clause (x) or (y) above) or cessation (in the case of clause (z) above), shall automatically convert into one share of Class A Common Stock for every thirty-five and one-half OP Units (x) so Transferred or caused to be so Transferred by the Initial Holder or such Qualified Transferee, or (y) then held by the Person who ceased to continue to be a Qualified Transferee (as defined above) (in each case rounding up to the nearest thirty-five and one-half OP Units). 
 
 Any shares of Class B Common Stock automatically converted pursuant to this paragraph (a) shall be converted as and at the times specified in this paragraph (a) without any further action by the holders thereof and whether or not the certificates representing such shares (if any) are surrendered to the Corporation. Upon the automatic conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock pursuant to this paragraph (a), the Beneficial Owner thereof shall identify for the Corporation the holder of record of the shares so converted. 
 16 

(b) Conversion at the Option of the Holder . Pursuant to and in accordance with this paragraph (b), each holder of Class B Common Stock shall have the right, at such holder s option at any time and from time to time, to convert all or a portion of such holder s shares of Class B Common Stock into an equal number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Class A Common Stock by delivering the certificates (if any) representing the shares of Class B Common Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer, together with a written conversion notice to the transfer agent for the Class B Common Stock (or if there is no transfer agent, to the Corporation). Such conversion notice shall state (i) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock to be converted and (ii) the date on which such conversion shall occur (which date shall be a Business Day no less than five Business Days and not exceeding twenty Business Days from the date of such conversion notice) (the Optional Conversion Date ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the shares of Class B Common Stock are held in global form, such notice shall comply with applicable procedures of the Depository Trust Company DTC ). In connection with the exercise of any optional conversion right, the Corporation shall comply with all U.S. federal and state securities laws and stock exchange rules in connection with any conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock. Holders of shares of Class B Common Stock may withdraw any conversion notice by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Corporation s transfer agent prior to the close of business on the Business Day prior to the Optional Conversion Date. The notice of withdrawal must state (x) the number of withdrawn shares of Class B Common Stock (y) if certificated shares of Class B Common Stock have been issued, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn shares of Class B 
 17 

Common Stock and (z) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock, if any, which remain subject to the conversion notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the shares of Class B Common Stock are held in global form, the notice of withdrawal shall comply with applicable DTC procedures. Each conversion pursuant to this paragraph (b) for which the conversion notice has been given and not properly withdrawn shall be deemed to have been effected immediately prior to the close of business on the Optional Conversion Date. 
 
 Section 6.4 Performance Common Stock . 
 
 Section 6.4.1 Votin g Rights . Except as may otherwise be specified in the Charter, the holders of shares of Performance Common Stock shall have no voting rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing but subject to Article VII, the consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Performance Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be required for any amendment to the Charter that would increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of Performance Common Stock, increase or decrease the par value of the shares of Performance Common Stock, or alter or change the powers, preferences, or special rights of the Performance Common Stock so as to affect them adversely. The holders of Performance Common Stock shall not be entitled to receive notice of any meeting of stockholders at which they are not entitled to vote. On any matter on which the holders of Performance Common Stock (in their capacity as such) shall have the right to vote, each holder of record of shares of Performance Common Stock on the relevant record date shall be entitled to cast one vote in person or by proxy for each share of Performance Common Stock standing in such holder s name on the stock transfer records of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may reclassify any unissued shares of Performance Common Stock from time to time in one or more classes or series of Common Stock or Preferred Stock. 
 18 

Section 6.4.2 Dividends and Other Distributions . The Board of Directors may cause dividends to be paid to the holders of shares of Performance Common Stock out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends by declaring an amount per share as a dividend. When and as dividends are declared on the Class A Common Stock, whether payable in cash, in property or in shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation, the holders of shares of Performance Common Stock shall be entitled to share, ratably according to the number of shares of Performance Common Stock held by them, in such dividends provided, that dividends shall not be declared on Performance Common Stock unless dividends are declared concurrently on shares of Class A Common Stock, and any per share dividend declared on Performance Common Stock shall in no case exceed the per share dividend declared on shares of Class A Common Stock at the time such dividends on the Performance Common Stock are declared. If the Corporation in any manner subdivides or combines the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, the outstanding shares of Performance Common Stock will be subdivided or combined in the same manner. 
 
 Section 6.4.3 Conversion . Each share of Performance Common Stock shall be convertible into one fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock upon the terms and conditions relating to the conversion of Performance Common Stock as set forth by the Board of Directors or the Board of Directors of any predecessor (by merger or otherwise) of the Corporation. The Corporation will at all times reserve and keep available, solely for the purpose of issue upon conversion of the outstanding shares of Performance Common Stock, such number of shares of Class A Common Stock as shall be issuable upon the conversion of all such 
 19 

outstanding shares of Performance Common Stock. The Corporation covenants that if any shares of Class A Common Stock, required to be reserved for purposes of conversion hereunder, require registration with or approval of any governmental authority under any federal or state law before such shares of Class A Common Stock may be issued upon conversion, the Corporation will use its best efforts to cause such shares to be duly registered or approved, as the case may be. The Corporation will endeavor to list the shares of Class A Common Stock required to be delivered upon conversion prior to such delivery upon each national securities exchange, if any, upon which the outstanding Class A Common Stock is listed at the time of such delivery. The Corporation covenants that all shares of Class A Common Stock which shall be issued upon conversion of the shares of Performance Common Stock will, upon issue, be fully paid and nonassessable and not entitled to any preemptive rights. 
 
 Section 6.4.4 Equal Status . Except as expressly provided in this Article VI, Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and 
 Performance Common Stock shall have the same rights and privileges and rank equally, share ratably and be identical in all respects as to all matters. 
 
 Section 6.5 Preferred Stock . The Board of Directors may classify any unissued shares of Preferred Stock and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of Preferred Stock of any series from time to time, into one or more classes or series of stock. 
 
 Section 6.6 Classified or Reclassified Shares . Prior to issuance of classified or reclassified shares of any class or series, the Board of Directors by resolution shall (a) designate that class or series to distinguish it from all other classes and series of stock of the Corporation 
 (b) specify the number of shares to be included in the class or series (c) set or change, subject to the provisions of Article VII and subject to the express terms of any class or series of stock of 
 20 

the Corporation outstanding at the time, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series and (d) cause the Corporation to file articles supplementary with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland SDAT ). Any of the terms of any class or series of stock set or changed pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 6.6 may be made dependent upon facts or events ascertainable outside the Charter (including determinations by the Board of Directors or other facts or events within the control of the Corporation) and may vary among holders thereof, provided that the manner in which such facts, events or variations shall operate upon the terms of such class or series of stock is clearly and expressly set forth in the articles supplementary or other Charter document. 
 
 Section 6.7 Stockholders Consent in Lieu of Meetin g. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Common Stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors may be taken without a meeting by consent, in writing or by electronic transmission, in any manner and by any vote permitted by the MGCL and set forth in the Bylaws. 
 
 Section 6.8 Charter and B ylaws. The rights of all stockholders and the terms of all stock are subject to the provisions of the Charter and 
 the Bylaws. 
 
 Section 6.9 Distributions . The Board of Directors from time to time may authorize the Corporation to declare and pay to stockholders such dividends or other distributions in cash or other assets of the Corporation or in securities of the Corporation, including in shares of one class or series of the Corporation s stock payable to holders of shares of another class or series of stock of the Corporation, or from any other source as the Board of Directors in its sole and absolute discretion shall determine. The exercise of the powers and rights of the Board of Directors pursuant to this Section 6.9 shall be subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares of the Corporation s stock at the time outstanding. 
 21 

Section 6.10 Transferable Shares . Notwithstanding any other provision in the Charter, no determination shall be made by the Board of Directors nor shall any transaction be entered into by the Corporation that would cause any shares or other beneficial interest in the Corporation not to constitute transferable shares or transferable certificates of beneficial interest under Section 856(a)(2) of the Code. 

ARTICLE VII 
 
 RESTRICTION ON TRANSFER AND OWNERSHIP OF SHARES 
 
 Section 7.1 Definitions . For the purpose of this Article VII, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 A gg regate Stock Ownership Limit . The term Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit shall mean 9.8 percent in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock, or such other percentage determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 7.2.8 of the Charter. 
 
 Beneficial Ownershi p. The term Beneficial Ownership shall mean ownership of Capital Stock by a Person, whether the interest in the shares of Capital Stock is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 544 of the Code, as modified by Section 856(h)(1)(B) and 856(h)(3) of the Code. The terms Beneficial Owner, Beneficially Owns and Beneficially Owned shall have the correlative meanings. 
 22 

Business Da y. The term Business Day shall mean any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. 
 
 Capital Stock . The term Capital Stock shall mean all classes or series of stock of the Corporation, including, without limitation, Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, Performance Common Stock and Preferred Stock. 
 
 Charitable Beneficiar y. The term Charitable Beneficiary shall mean one or more beneficiaries of the Trust as determined pursuant to Section 7.3.6, provided that each such organization must be described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and contributions to each such organization must be eligible for deduction under each of Sections 170(b)(1)(A), 2055 and 2522 of the Code. 
 
 Common Stock Ownership Limit . The term Common Stock Ownership Limit shall mean 9.8 percent (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or such other percentage determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 7.2.8 of the Charter. 
 
 Constructive Ownershi p. The term Constructive Ownership shall mean ownership of Capital Stock by a Person, whether the interest in the shares of Capital Stock is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 318(a) of the Code, as modified by Section 856(d)(5) of the Code. The terms Constructive Owner, Constructively Owns and Constructively Owned shall have the correlative meanings. 
 23 

Excepted Holder . The term Excepted Holder shall mean a stockholder of the Corporation for whom an Excepted Holder Limit is created by the Charter or by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7. 
 
 Excepted Holder Limit . The term Excepted Holder Limit shall mean, provided that the affected Excepted Holder agrees to comply with the requirements established by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7 and subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 7.2.8, the percentage limit established by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7. 
 
 Initial Date . The term Initial Date shall mean the effective time of the merger of NorthStar Asset Management Group Inc., a Delaware corporation, with and into the Corporation. 
 
 Market Price . The term Market Price on any date shall mean, with respect to any class or series of outstanding shares of Capital Stock, the Closing Price for such Capital Stock on such date. The Closing Price on any date shall mean the last sale price for such Capital Stock, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, for such Capital Stock, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE or, if such Capital Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE, as reported on the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which such Capital Stock is listed or admitted to trading or, if such Capital Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price, or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System or, if such system is no longer in use, the 
 24 

principal other automated quotation system that may then be in use or, if such Capital Stock is not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in such Capital Stock selected by the Board of Directors or, in the event that no trading price is available for such Capital Stock, the fair market value of the Capital Stock, as determined by the Board of Directors. 
 
 NYSE . The term NYSE shall mean the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 Person . The term Person shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, estate, trust (including a trust qualified under Sections 401(a) or 501(c)(17) of the Code), a portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, association, private foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock company or other entity and also includes a group as that term is used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Prohibited Owner . The term Prohibited Owner shall mean, with respect to any purported Transfer, any Person who, but for the provisions of this Article VII, would Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1, and if appropriate in the context, shall also mean any Person who would have been the record owner of the shares that the Prohibited Owner would have so owned. 
 
 Restriction Termination Date . The term Restriction Termination Date shall mean the first day after the Initial Date on which the Board determines pursuant to Section 5.7 of the Charter that it is no longer in the best interests of the Corporation to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT or that compliance with the restrictions and limitations on Beneficial Ownership, Constructive Ownership and Transfers of shares of Capital Stock set forth herein is no longer required in order for the Corporation to qualify as a REIT. 
 25 

Transfer . The term Transfer shall mean any issuance, sale, transfer, gift, assignment, devise or other disposition, as well as any other event, condition or set of circumstances that causes any Person to acquire or have Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership, or any agreement to take any such actions or cause any such events, of Capital Stock or the right to vote or receive dividends or other distributions on shares of Capital Stock, including (a) a change in the capital structure of the Corporation or in the relative values of different shares of Capital Stock, (b) a change in the relationship between two or more Persons which cause a change in Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership, 
 (c) the granting or exercise of any option or warrant (or any acquisition or disposition of any option or warrant), pledge, security interest, or similar right to acquire shares of Capital Stock, (d) any acquisition or disposition of any securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock or any interest in Capital Stock or any exercise of any such conversion or exchange right and (e) Transfers of interests in other entities that result in changes in Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock in each case, whether voluntary or involuntary, whether owned of record, Constructively Owned or Beneficially Owned and whether by operation of law or otherwise. The terms Transferring and Transferred shall have the correlative meanings. 
 
 Trust . The term Trust shall mean any trust provided for in Section 7.3.1. 
 26 

Trustee . The term Trustee shall mean the Person unaffiliated with the Corporation and a Prohibited Owner that is appointed by the Corporation to serve as trustee of the Trust. 
 
 Section 7.2 Capital Stock . 
 
 Section 7.2.1 Ownership Limitations . During the period commencing on the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date, but subject to Section 7.4 
 (a) Basic Restrictions . 
 (i) (1) No Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, (2) no Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Common Stock in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit and (3) no Excepted Holder shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder. 
 (ii) No Person shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock to the extent that (1) such Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock would result in the Corporation being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year), (2) such Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock would result in the Corporation owning (directly or Constructively) an interest in a tenant that is described in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code if the income derived by the Corporation (either directly or indirectly through one or more partnerships or limited liability companies) from such tenant for the taxable year of the Corporation during which such determination is being made would reasonably be expected to equal or exceed the lesser of (a) 
 27 

one percent of the Corporation s gross income (as determined for purposes of Section 856(c) of the Code), or (b) an amount that would cause the Corporation to fail to satisfy any of the gross income requirements of Section 856(c) of the Code, or (3) such Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock would result in the Corporation otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT. 
 (iii) Any Transfer of shares of Capital Stock that, if effective, would result in the Capital Stock being beneficially owned by less than 100 Persons (determined under the principles of Section 856(a)(5) of the Code) shall be void ab initio , and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares of Capital Stock. 
 (b) Transfer in Trust . If any Transfer of shares of Capital Stock occurs which, if effective, would result in any Person Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii), 
 (i) then that number of shares of the Capital Stock the Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of which otherwise would cause such Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii) (rounded up to the nearest whole share) shall be automatically transferred to a Trust for the benefit of a Charitable Beneficiary, as described in Section 7.3, effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the date of such Transfer, and such Person shall acquire no rights in such shares or 
 (ii) if the transfer to the Trust described in clause (i) of this sentence would not be effective for any reason to prevent the violation of Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii), then the Transfer of that number of shares of Capital Stock that otherwise would cause any Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii) shall be void ab initio , and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares of Capital Stock. 
 28 

(iii) To the extent that, upon a transfer of shares of Capital Stock pursuant to this Section 7.2.1(b), a violation of any provision of this Article VII would nonetheless be continuing (for example where the ownership of shares of Capital Stock by a single Trust would violate the 100 stockholder requirement applicable to REITs), then shares of Capital Stock shall be transferred to that number of Trusts, each having a distinct Trustee and a Charitable Beneficiary or Beneficiaries that are distinct from those of each other Trust, such that there is no violation of any provision of this Article VII. 
 
 Section 7.2.2 Remedies for Breach . If the Board of Directors shall at any time determine that a Transfer or other event has taken place that results in a violation of Section 7.2.1 or that a Person intends to acquire or has attempted to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of any shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1 (whether or not such violation is intended), the Board of Directors shall take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such Transfer or other event, including, without limitation, causing the Corporation to redeem shares, refusing to give effect to such Transfer on the books of the Corporation or instituting proceedings to enjoin such Transfer or other event provided, however , that any Transfer or attempted Transfer or other event in violation of Section 7.2.1 shall automatically result in the transfer to the Trust described above, and, where applicable, such Transfer (or other event) shall be void ab initio as provided above irrespective of any action (or non-action) by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 7.2.3 Notice of Restricted Transfer . Any Person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of shares of Capital Stock that will or may violate Section 7.2.1(a) or any Person who would have owned shares of Capital Stock that resulted in a transfer to the Trust pursuant to the provisions of 
 29 

Section 7.2.1(b) shall immediately give written notice to the Corporation of such event or, in the case of such a proposed or attempted transaction, give at least 15 days prior written notice, and shall provide to the Corporation such other information as the Corporation may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such Transfer on the Corporation s status as a REIT. 
 
 Section 7.2.4 Owners Required To Provide Information . From the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date 
 (a) every owner of five percent or more (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder) of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, shall give written notice to the Corporation stating the name and address of such owner, the number of shares of Capital Stock Beneficially Owned and a description of the manner in which such shares are held. Each such owner shall provide to the Corporation such additional information as the Corporation may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such Beneficial Ownership on the Corporation s status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and 
 (b) each Person who is a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner of Capital Stock and each Person (including the stockholder of record) who is holding Capital Stock for a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner shall provide to the Corporation such information as the Corporation may request, in order to determine the Corporation s status as a REIT and to comply with requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 
 30 

Section 7.2.5 Remedies Not Limited . Subject to Section 5.7 of the Charter, nothing contained in this Section 7.2 shall limit the authority of the Board of Directors to take such other action as it deems necessary or advisable to protect the Corporation in preserving the Corporation s status as a REIT. 
 
 Section 7.2.6 Amb ig uity . In the case of an ambiguity in the application of any of the provisions of this Section 7.2, Section 7.3 or any definition contained in Section 7.1, the Board of Directors may determine the application of the provisions of this Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 or any such definition with respect to any situation based on the facts known to it. In the event Section 7.2 or 7.3 requires an action by the Board of Directors and the Charter fails to provide specific guidance with respect to such action, the Board of Directors may determine the action to be taken so long as such action is not contrary to the provisions of Sections 7.1, 7.2 or 7.3. Absent a decision to the contrary by the Board of Directors, if a Person would have (but for the remedies set forth in Section 7.2.2) acquired Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1, such remedies (as applicable) shall apply first to the shares of Capital Stock which, but for such remedies, would have been Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned (but not actually owned) by such Person, pro rata among the Persons who actually own such shares of Capital Stock based upon the relative number of the shares of Capital Stock held by each such Person. 
 
 Section 7.2.7 Exceptions . 
 (a) The Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt, prospectively or retroactively, a Person from the Common Stock Ownership Limit or the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as the case may be, and may establish or increase an Excepted Holder Limit for such Person if (i) such Person submits to the Board of Directors information satisfactory to the Board of Directors, in its reasonable discretion, demonstrating that such Person is not an individual for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code (determined 
 31 

taking into account Section 856(h)(3)(A) of the Code) (ii) such Person submits to the Board of Directors information satisfactory to the Board, in its reasonable discretion, demonstrating that no Person who is an individual for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code (determined taking into account Section 856(h)(3)(A) of the Code) would be considered to Beneficially Own shares of Common Stock in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit or Capital Stock in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, (iii) such Person submits to the Board of Directors information satisfactory to the Board of Directors, in its reasonable discretion, demonstrating that clauses (1), (2) and (3) of subparagraph (a)(ii) of Section 7.2.1 will not be violated by reason of such Person s ownership of Common Stock in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit or Capital Stock in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit pursuant to the exemption granted under this subparagraph 7.2.7(a) and (iv) such Person provides to the Board of Directors such representations and undertakings, if any, as the Board of Directors may, in its reasonable discretion, require to ensure that the conditions in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) hereof are satisfied and will continue to be satisfied throughout the period during which such Person owns Common Stock in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit or Capital Stock in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit pursuant to any exemption thereto granted under this subparagraph (a), and such Person agrees that any violation of such representations and undertakings or any attempted violation thereof will result in the application of the remedies set forth in Section 7.2 (including without limitation, Section 7.2.5) with respect to shares of Common Stock held in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit or Capital Stock held in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit with respect to such Person (determined without regard to the exemption granted such Person under this subparagraph (a)). 
 32 

(b) Prior to granting any exception pursuant to Section 7.2.7(a), the Board of Directors may require a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service or an opinion of counsel, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to the Board of Directors as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to determine or ensure the Corporation s status as a REIT provided, however, that the Board of Directors shall not be obligated to require obtaining a favorable ruling or opinion in order to grant an exception hereunder. 
 (c) Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii), an underwriter that participates in a public offering or a private placement of Capital Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock) may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock) in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit or the Common Stock Ownership Limit, but only to the extent necessary to facilitate such public offering or private placement. 
 (d) In connection with granting any exemption or waiver pursuant to Section 7.2.7(a), the Board of Directors may include such terms and conditions in such waiver as it determines are advisable. 
 (e) The Board of Directors may only reduce the Excepted Holder Limit for an Excepted Holder (1) with the written consent of such Excepted Holder at any time, or (2) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreements and undertakings entered into with such Excepted Holder in connection with the establishment of the Excepted Holder Limit for that Excepted Holder. No Excepted Holder Limit shall be reduced to a percentage that is less than the Common Stock Ownership Limit. 
 33 

Section 7.2.8 Increase or Decrease in Common Stock Ownership or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limits . Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii) and this Section 7.2.8, the Board of Directors may from time to time increase or decrease the Common Stock Ownership Limit and the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit for one or more Persons and increase or decrease the Common Stock Ownership Limit and the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit for all other Persons. No decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit will be effective for any Person whose percentage of ownership of Capital Stock is in excess of such decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable, until such time as such Person s percentage of ownership of Capital Stock equals or falls below the decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable provided, however , any further acquisition of Capital Stock by any such Person (other than a Person for whom an exemption has been granted pursuant to Section 7.2.7(a) or an Excepted Holder) in excess of the Capital Stock owned by such person on the date the decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable, became effective will be in violation of the Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit. No increase to the Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit may be approved if the new Common Stock Ownership Limit and or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit would allow five or fewer Persons to Beneficially Own, in the aggregate more than 49.9 in value of the outstanding Capital Stock. 
 
 Section 7.2.9 Le g end . Each certificate for shares of Capital Stock shall bear substantially the following legend 
 The shares represented by this certificate are subject to restrictions on Beneficial and Constructive Ownership and Transfer for the purpose, among others, of the Corporation s maintenance of its status as a Real Estate Investment Trust under the Code. Subject to certain further restrictions and except as expressly provided in the Corporation s Charter, (i) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of the Corporation s Common Stock in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit unless such Person 
 34 

is an Excepted Holder (in which case the Excepted Holder Limit shall be applicable) (ii) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the Excepted Holder Limit shall be applicable) (iii) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Capital Stock that would result in the Corporation being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code or otherwise cause the Corporation to fail to qualify as a REIT and (iv) no Person may Transfer shares of Capital Stock if such Transfer would result in the Capital Stock of the Corporation being owned by fewer than 100 Persons. Any Person who Beneficially Owns or Constructively Owns or attempts to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock which causes or will cause a Person to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess or in violation of the above limitations must immediately notify the Corporation. If any of the restrictions on transfer or ownership are violated, the shares of Capital Stock represented hereby will be automatically transferred to a Trustee of a Trust for the benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. In addition, the Corporation may redeem shares upon the terms and conditions specified by the Board of Directors in its sole and absolute discretion if the Board of Directors determines that ownership or a Transfer or other event may violate the restrictions described above. Furthermore, upon the occurrence of certain events, attempted Transfers in violation of the restrictions described above may be void ab initio . All capitalized terms in this legend have the meanings defined in the Charter of the Corporation, as the same may be amended from time to time, a copy of which, including the restrictions on transfer and ownership, will be furnished to each holder of Capital Stock of the Corporation on request and without charge. Requests for such a copy may be directed to the Secretary of the Corporation at its principal office. 
 
 Instead of the foregoing legend, the certificate may state that the Corporation will furnish a full statement about certain restrictions on transferability to a stockholder on request and without charge. 
 35 

Section 7.3 Transfer of Capital Stock in Trust . 
 
 Section 7.3.1 Ownership in Trust . Upon any purported Transfer or other event described in Section 7.2.1(b) that would result in a transfer of shares of Capital Stock to a Trust, such shares of Capital Stock shall be deemed to have been transferred to the Trustee as trustee of a Trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. Such transfer to the Trustee shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the purported Transfer or other event that results in the transfer to the Trust pursuant to Section 7.2.1(b). The Trustee shall be appointed by the Corporation and shall be a Person unaffiliated with the Corporation and any Prohibited Owner. Each Charitable Beneficiary shall be designated by the Corporation as provided in Section 7.3.6. 
 
 Section 7.3.2 Status of Shares Held b y the Trustee. Shares of Capital Stock held by the Trustee shall be issued and outstanding shares of Capital Stock. The Prohibited Owner shall have no rights in the shares held by the Trustee. The Prohibited Owner shall not benefit economically from ownership of any shares held in trust by the Trustee, shall have no rights to dividends or other distributions and shall not possess any rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares held in the Trust. 
 
 Section 7.3.3 Dividend and Votin g Rights . The Trustee shall have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust, which rights shall be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to the discovery by the Corporation that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trustee shall be paid by the recipient of such dividend or other distribution to the Trustee upon demand and any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid shall be paid when due to the Trustee. Any dividend or other distribution so paid to the Trustee shall be held in trust for the Charitable Beneficiary. The Prohibited Owner shall have no voting rights with respect to shares held in the Trust and, subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to 
 36 

the Trustee, the Trustee shall have the authority (at the Trustee s sole and absolute discretion) (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by a Prohibited Owner prior to the discovery by the Corporation that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trustee and (ii) to recast such vote provided, however, that if the Corporation has already taken irreversible corporate action, then the Trustee shall not have the authority to rescind and recast such vote. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article VII, until the Corporation has received notification that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred into a Trust, the Corporation shall be entitled to rely on its stock transfer and other stockholder records for purposes of preparing lists of stockholders entitled to vote at meetings, determining the validity and authority of proxies and otherwise conducting votes and determining the other rights of stockholders. 
 
 Section 7.3.4 Sale of Shares b y Trustee. Within 20 days of receiving notice from the Corporation that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trust, the Trustee of the Trust shall sell the shares held in the Trust to a person, designated by the Trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the ownership limitations set forth in Section 7.2.1(a). Upon such sale, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner and to the Charitable Beneficiary as provided in this Section 7.3.4. The Prohibited Owner shall receive the lesser of (1) the price paid by the Prohibited Owner for the shares or, if the Prohibited Owner did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the Trust e.g. , in the case of a gift, devise or other such transaction), the Market Price of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the Trust and (2) the price per share received by the Trustee (net of any commissions and other expenses of sale) from the sale or other disposition of the shares held in the Trust. The Trustee may reduce the amount payable 
 37 

to the Prohibited Owner by the amount of dividends and other distributions which have been paid to the Prohibited Owner and are owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.3.3 of this Article VII. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner shall be immediately paid to the Charitable Beneficiary. If, prior to the discovery by the Corporation that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trustee, such shares are sold by a Prohibited Owner, then (i) such shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the Trust and (ii) to the extent that the Prohibited Owner received an amount for such shares that exceeds the amount that such Prohibited Owner was entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 7.3.4, such excess shall be paid to the Trustee upon demand. 
 
 Section 7.3.5 Purchase R ig ht in Stock Transferred to the Trustee . Shares of Capital Stock transferred to the Trustee shall be deemed to have been offered for sale to the Corporation, or its designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in such transfer to the Trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the Market Price at the time of such devise or gift) and 
 (ii) the Market Price on the date the Corporation, or its designee, accepts such offer. The Corporation may reduce the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner by the amount of dividends and other distributions which have been paid to the Prohibited Owner and are owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.3.3 of this Article VII. The Corporation may pay the amount of such reduction to the Trustee for the benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. The Corporation shall have the right to accept such offer until the Trustee has sold the shares held in the Trust pursuant to Section 7.3.4. Upon such a sale to the Corporation, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner. 
 38 

Section 7.3.6 Des ig nation of Charitable Beneficiaries . By written notice to the Trustee, the Corporation shall designate one or more nonprofit organizations to be the Charitable Beneficiary of the interest in the Trust such that (1) the shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust would not violate the restrictions set forth in Section 7.2.1(a) in the hands of such Charitable Beneficiary and (2) each such organization must be described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and contributions to each such organization must be eligible for deduction under each of Sections 170(b)(1)(A), 2055 and 2522 of the Code. Neither the failure of the Corporation to make such designation nor the failure of the Corporation to appoint the Trustee before the automatic transfer provided in Section 7.2.1(b) shall make such transfer ineffective, provided that the Corporation thereafter makes such designation and appointment. 
 
 Section 7.4 NYSE Transactions . Nothing in this Article VII shall preclude the settlement of any transaction entered into through the facilities of the NYSE or any other national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system. The fact that the settlement of any transaction occurs shall not negate the effect of any other provision of this Article VII and any transferee in such a transaction shall be subject to all of the provisions and limitations set forth in this Article VII. 
 
 Section 7.5 Enforcement . The Corporation is authorized specifically to seek equitable relief, including injunctive relief, to enforce the provisions of this Article VII. 
 
 Section 7.6 Non-Waiver . No delay or failure on the part of the Corporation or the Board of Directors in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any right of the Corporation or the Board of Directors, as the case may be, except to the extent specifically waived in writing. 
 39 

ARTICLE VIII AMENDMENTS 
 The Corporation reserves the right from time to time to make any amendment to its Charter, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in the Charter, of any shares of outstanding stock. All rights and powers conferred by the Charter on stockholders, directors and officers are granted subject to this reservation. Except as otherwise provided in the Charter, any amendment to the Charter shall be valid only if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, any amendment to Article VII or to this sentence of the Charter shall be valid only if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

ARTICLE IX LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
 To the maximum extent that Maryland law in effect from time to time permits limitation of the liability of directors and officers of a corporation, no present or former director or officer of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for money damages. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article IX, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Charter or Bylaws inconsistent with this Article IX, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding sentence with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. 
 THIRD The amendment to and restatement of the charter as hereinabove set forth have been duly advised by the Board of Directors and approved by the stockholders of the Corporation as required by law. 
 40 

FOURTH The current address of the principal office of the Corporation is as set forth in Article IV of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter. 
 FIFTH The name and address of the Corporation s current resident agent are as set forth in Article IV of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter. 
 SIXTH The number of directors of the Corporation and the names of those currently in office are as set forth in Article V of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter. 
 SEVENTH The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation had authority to issue immediately prior to this amendment and restatement was 1,500, consisting of 1,000 shares of Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share, and 500 shares of Performance Common Stock, 
 0.01 par value per share. The aggregate par value of all shares of stock having par value was 15. 
 EIGHTH The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation has authority to issue pursuant to the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter is 1,250,000,000, consisting of 949,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share, 1,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share, 50,000,000 shares of Performance Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share, and 250,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share, of which (a) 2,900,000 shares are classified and designated as 8.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, (b) 14,920,000 shares are classified and designated as 8.25 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, (c) 5,750,000 shares are classified and designated as 8.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, (d) 8,050,000 shares are 
 41 

classified and designated as 8.500 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, (e) 10,350,000 shares are classified and designated as 8.75 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share, (f) 10,400,000 shares are classified and designated as 8.50 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, (g) 3,450,000 shares are classified and designated as 7.50 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, and (h) 11,500,000 shares are classified and designated as 7.125 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share. The aggregate par value of all authorized shares of stock having par value is 12,500,000. 
 NINTH These Articles of Amendment and Restatement shall become effective at 4 01 p.m., New York City time, on January 10, 2017. TENTH The undersigned officer acknowledges these Articles of Amendment and Restatement to be the corporate act of the 
 Corporation and as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned officer acknowledges that, to the best of his 
 knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury. 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 42 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles of Amendment and Restatement to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its President and attested to by its Secretary on this 10th day of January, 2017. 
 
 ATTEST COLONY NORTHSTAR, INC. 
 
 s Ronald J. Lieberrman 
 By 
 s Albert Tylis 
 (SEAL) Name Ronald J. Lieberman Title Secretary 
 Name Albert Tylis Title President 

EXHIBIT A 
 SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 Under a power contained in the charter (the Charter of Colony NorthStar, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), the Board of Directors of the Corporation classified and designated 2,900,000 shares (the Shares of the Preferred Stock (as defined in the Charter), as shares of 8.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share Series A Preferred Stock ), with the following preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption set forth below, which upon any restatement of the Charter, shall be deemed to be part of Article VI of the Charter, with any necessary or appropriate changes to the enumeration or lettering of sections or subsections hereof 
 
 8.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Per petual Preferred Stock 
 
 Section 1. Number of Shares and Des ig nation . This series of Preferred Stock shall be designated as 8.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), and 2,900,000 shall be the number of shares of Preferred Stock constituting such series. 
 
 Section 2. Definitions . For purposes of the Series A Preferred Stock, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated Annual Dividend Rate shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 3 hereof. 
 Board of Directors shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation or any committee authorized by such Board of Directors to perform any of its responsibilities with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which state or federally chartered banking institutions in New York, New York are not required to be open. 
 Change of Control shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. Charter shall mean the charter of the Corporation. 
 Common Stock shall mean, collectively, the Class A Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share, the Class B Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share, and the Performance Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share. 

Dividend Payment Date shall mean February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, of each year, commencing on or about February 15, 2017 provided, however, that if any Dividend Payment Date falls on any day other than a Business Day, the dividend payment due on such Dividend Payment Date shall be paid on the first Business Day immediately following such Dividend Payment Date. 
 Dividend Payment Record Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 3 hereof. 
 Dividend Periods shall mean quarterly dividend periods commencing on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, of each year and ending on and including the day preceding the first day of the next succeeding Dividend Period (other than the initial Dividend Period with respect to each Series A Preferred Stock, which, (i) for Series A Preferred Stock issued prior to January 11, 2017, shall commence on, and include, November 15, 2016 and end on and include February 14, 2017 and (ii) for Series A Preferred Stock issued on or after January 11, 2017, shall commence on the Dividend Payment Date with respect to which dividends were actually paid on Series A Preferred Stock that were outstanding immediately preceding the issuance of such Series A Preferred Stock and end on and include the day preceding the first day of the next succeeding Dividend Period). 
 Junior Shares shall mean the Common Stock and any other class or series of stock of the Corporation constituting junior shares of stock within the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 9 hereof. 
 Liquidation Preference shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 4 hereof. Parity Shares shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 9 hereof. 
 Person shall mean any individual, firm, partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity. 
 Redemption Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 5 hereof. Redemption Price shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 5 hereof. Series A Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1 hereof. 
 Series B Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.25 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 A-2 

Series C Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series D Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.500 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series E Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.75 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series F Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.50 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series G Preferred Stock shall mean the 7.50 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series H Preferred Stock shall mean the 7.125 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Set apart for payment shall be deemed to include, without any action other than the following, the recording by the Corporation in its accounting ledgers of any accounting or bookkeeping entry which indicates, pursuant to a declaration of a dividend or other distribution by the Board of Directors, the allocation of funds to be so paid on any series or class of shares of stock of the Corporation. 
 Transfer Agent means American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York, or such other agent or agents of the Corporation as may be designated by the Board of Directors or its designee as the transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Voting Preferred Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10 hereof. Voting Stock shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Section 3. Dividends . (a) The holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation out of assets legally available for that purpose, dividends payable in cash at the rate per annum of 
 2.1875 per share of Series A Preferred Stock (the Annual Dividend Rate (equivalent to a rate of 8.75 of the Liquidation Preference per annum). Such dividends with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock issued prior to January 11, 2017 shall be cumulative from, and including, November 15, 2016 and with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock issued on or after January 11, 2017 shall be cumulative from the Dividend Payment Date with respect to which dividends were actually paid on shares of Series A Preferred Stock that were outstanding immediately preceding the issuance of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock, whether or not in any Dividend Period or Periods there shall be assets of the Corporation legally available for the payment of such dividends, and shall be payable quarterly, 
 A-3 

when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation, in arrears on Dividend Payment Dates, commencing with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock on the first Dividend Payment Date following issuance of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Dividends are cumulative from the most recent Dividend Payment Date to which dividends have been paid, whether or not in any Dividend Period or Periods there shall be assets legally available therefor. Each such dividend shall be payable in arrears to the holders of record of the Series A Preferred Stock, as they appear on the share records of the Corporation at the close of business on such record dates, not more than 30 days preceding the applicable Dividend Payment Date (the Dividend Payment Record Date ), as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. 
 Accrued and unpaid dividends for any past Dividend Periods may be authorized and declared and paid at any time, without reference to any regular Dividend Payment Date, to holders of record on such date, not exceeding 45 days preceding the payment date thereof, as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. If following a Change of Control, the Series A Preferred Stock is not listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or quoted on NASDAQ, the Annual Dividend Rate will be increased to 2.4375 per share of Series A Preferred Stock (equivalent to a rate of 9.75 of the Liquidation Preference per annum) and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation out of assets legally available for that purpose, dividends payable in cash cumulative from, but excluding, the first date on which both the Change of Control has occurred and the Series A Preferred Stock is not so listed or quoted at the increased Annual Dividend Rate for as long as the Series A Preferred Stock is not so listed or quoted. 
 (b) The amount of dividends payable for each full Dividend Period for the Series A Preferred Stock shall be computed by dividing the Annual Dividend Rate by four. The amount of dividends payable for the initial Dividend Period, or any other period shorter or longer than a full Dividend Period, on the Series A Preferred Stock shall be computed on the basis of twelve 30-day months and a 360-day year. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends, whether payable in cash, property or stock, in excess of cumulative dividends, as herein provided, on the Series A Preferred Stock. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 (c) So long as any Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends, except as described in the immediately following sentence, shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment on any series or class or classes of Parity Shares for any period unless full cumulative dividends have been or contemporaneously are authorized and declared and paid or authorized and declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payment on the Series A Preferred Stock for all past Dividend Periods. When dividends are not paid in full or a sum sufficient for such payment is not set apart, as aforesaid, all dividends authorized and declared upon Series A Preferred Stock and all dividends authorized and declared upon any other series or class or classes of Parity Shares shall be authorized and declared ratably in proportion to the respective amounts of dividends accumulated and unpaid on the Series A Preferred Stock and such Parity Shares. 
 A-4 

(d) So long as any Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends (other than dividends or distributions paid solely in shares of, or options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase shares of, Junior Shares) shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment or other distribution authorized and declared or made upon Junior Shares, nor shall any Junior Shares be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired (other than a redemption, purchase or other acquisition of Common Stock made for purposes of and in compliance with requirements of an employee incentive or benefit plan of the Corporation or any subsidiary, or as permitted under Article VII of the Charter), for any consideration (or any moneys to be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by the Corporation, directly or indirectly (except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Shares), unless in each case the full cumulative dividends on all outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and any other Parity Shares of the Corporation shall have been paid or set apart for payment for all past Dividend Periods with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock and all past dividend periods with respect to such Parity Shares. 
 
 Section 4. Liquidation Preference . (a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any payment or distribution of the assets of the Corporation (whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of Junior Shares, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive Twenty-Five Dollars 25.00) per share of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Liquidation Preference plus an amount equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and unpaid thereon to the date of final distribution to such holder but such holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any further payment. If, upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other Parity Shares, then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of such Series A Preferred Stock and any such other Parity Shares ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such Series A Preferred Stock and any such other Parity Shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. For the purposes of this Section 4, (i) a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with one or more entities, (ii) a statutory share exchange and (iii) a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets shall not be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation. 
 (b) Subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series or class or classes of shares of stock ranking on a parity with or prior to the Series A Preferred Stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, as provided in this Section 4, any series or class or classes of Junior Shares shall, subject to any respective terms and provisions applying thereto, be entitled to receive any and all assets remaining to be paid or distributed, and the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to share therein. 
 A-5 

Section 5. Redemption at the Option of the Corporation . (a) If at any time following a change of control, the Series A Preferred Stock is not listed on the New York Stock Exchange or American Stock Exchange, or quoted on NASDAQ, the Corporation will have the option to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole but not in part, within 90 days after the first date on which both the change of control has occurred and the Series A Preferred Stock is not so listed or quoted, for cash at 25.00 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared), to the redemption date. A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at such time as (i) the date a person or group (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities Exchange Act )) becomes the ultimate beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all shares of voting stock that such person or group has the right to acquire regardless of when such right is first exercisable), directly or indirectly, of voting stock representing more than 50 of the total voting power of the total voting stock of the Corporation (ii) the date the Corporation sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its assets or (iii) the date of the consummation of a merger or share exchange of the Corporation with another entity where the Corporation s stockholders immediately prior to the merger or share exchange would not beneficially own, immediately after the merger or share exchange, shares representing 50 or more of all votes (without consideration of the rights of any class of stock to elect directors by a separate group vote) to which all stockholders of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the merger or share exchange would be entitled in the election of directors, or where members of the Board of Directors immediately prior to the merger or share exchange would not immediately after the merger or share exchange constitute a majority of the board of directors of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the merger or share exchange. Voting Stock shall mean stock of any class or kind having the power to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 (b) Except as otherwise permitted by the Charter and paragraph (a) above, the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable by the Corporation prior to September 14, 2011. On and after September 14, 2011, the Corporation, at its option, may redeem the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, as set forth herein, subject to the provisions described below. 
 (c) On and after September 14, 2011, the Series A Preferred Stock shall be redeemable at the option of the Corporation, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price of 25.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to the date fixed for redemption (the Redemption Price ). Each date on which Series A Preferred Stock are to be redeemed (a Redemption Date (which may not be before September 14, 2011) shall be selected by the Corporation, shall be specified in the notice of redemption and shall not be less than 30 days or more than 60 days after the date on which the Corporation gives, or causes to be given, notice of redemption by mail pursuant to the next paragraph. 
 
 A notice of redemption (which may be contingent on the occurrence of a future event) shall be mailed, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, addressed to the respective holders of record of the Series A Preferred Stock at their respective addresses as they appear on the Corporation s share transfer records. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing shall not affect the validity of the 
 A-6 

proceedings for the redemption of any Series A Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. Each notice shall state (i) the Redemption Date (ii) the Redemption Price (iii) the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder (iv) the place or places where the certificates evidencing the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price and (v) that distributions on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such Redemption Date except as otherwise provided herein. 
 (d) Upon any redemption of Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall pay any accrued and unpaid dividends in arrears for any Dividend Period ending on or prior to the Redemption Date. If the Redemption Date falls after a Dividend Payment Record Date and prior to the corresponding Dividend Payment Date, then each holder of Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on such Dividend Payment Record Date shall be entitled to the dividend payable on such Series A Preferred Stock on the corresponding Dividend Payment Date notwithstanding the redemption of such Series A Preferred Stock before such Dividend Payment Date. Except as provided above, the Corporation shall make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on Series A Preferred Stock called for redemption. 
 (e) If full cumulative dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock and any other series or class or classes of Parity Shares of the Corporation have not been paid or declared and set apart for payment, except as otherwise permitted under the Charter, the Series A Preferred Stock may not be redeemed in part and the Corporation may not purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Series A Preferred Stock or any Parity Shares other than in exchange for Junior Shares. 
 (f) Notice having been mailed as aforesaid, from and after the Redemption Date (unless the Corporation shall fail to make available the amount of cash necessary to effect such redemption), (i) except as otherwise provided herein, dividends on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall cease to accrue, (ii) said shares shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding, and (iii) all rights of the holders thereof as holders of Series A Preferred Stock of the Corporation shall cease (except the rights to receive the cash payable upon such redemption, without interest thereon, upon surrender and endorsement of their certificates if so required and to receive any dividends payable thereon). The Corporation s obligation to provide cash in accordance with the preceding sentence shall be deemed fulfilled if, on or before the Redemption Date, the Corporation shall deposit with a bank or trust company (which may be an affiliate of the Corporation) that has an office in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, or in Baltimore, Maryland and that has, or is an affiliate of a bank or trust company that has, a capital and surplus of at least 50,000,000, the cash necessary for such redemption, in trust, with irrevocable instructions that such cash be applied to the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock so called for redemption. No interest shall accrue for the benefit of the holder of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed on any cash so set aside by the Corporation. Subject to applicable escheat laws, any such cash unclaimed at the end of two years from the Redemption Date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation, after which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall look only to the general funds of the Corporation for the payment of such cash. 
 A-7 

As promptly as practicable after the surrender in accordance with said notice of the certificates for any such shares of Series A Preferred Stock so redeemed (properly endorsed or assigned for transfer, if the Corporation shall so require and if the notice shall so state), such shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be exchanged for the cash (without interest thereon) for which such shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been redeemed. If fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall be selected by the Corporation from the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock not previously called for redemption by lot or pro rata (as nearly as may be) or by any other method determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion to be equitable. If fewer than all the shares of Series A Preferred Stock evidenced by any certificate are redeemed, then new certificates evidencing the unredeemed shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be issued without cost to the holder thereof. 
 
 Section 6. Reacquired Shares to Be Retired . All shares of Series A Preferred Stock which shall have been issued and reacquired in any manner by the Corporation shall be restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, without designation as to series. 
 
 Section 7. No R ig ht of Conversion . The Series A Preferred Stock are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other property or securities of the Corporation at the option of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Section 8. Permissible Distributions . In determining whether a distribution (other than upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up), whether by dividend, or upon redemption or other acquisition of shares or otherwise, is permitted under Maryland law, amounts that would be needed, if the Corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of holders of shares of any class or series of stock whose preferential rights upon dissolution are superior or prior to those receiving the distribution shall not be added to the Corporation s total liabilities. 
 
 Section 9. Rankin g. Any class or series of stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank 
 (a) prior to the Series A Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends and as to distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, if the holders of such class or series shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 (b) on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends and as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates or redemption or liquidation prices per share thereof be different from those of the Series A Preferred Stock, if the holders of such class or series and the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends and of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up in proportion to their respective amounts of accrued and unpaid dividends per share or liquidation preferences, without preference or priority one over the other Parity Shares and 
 A-8 

(c) junior to the Series A Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, if such class or series of stock shall be Common Stock or if the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of such class or series, and such class or series shall not in either case rank prior to the Series A Preferred Stock Junior Shares ). 
 
 As of the date hereof, 14,920,000 authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock, 5,750,000 authorized shares of Series C Preferred Stock, 8,050,000 authorized shares of Series D Preferred Stock, 10,350,000 authorized shares of Series E Preferred Stock, 10,400,000 authorized shares of Series F Preferred Stock, 3,450,000 authorized shares of Series G Preferred Stock and 11,500,000 authorized shares of Series H Preferred Stock are Parity Shares. 
 
 Section 10. Votin g. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Series A Preferred Stock shall not have any relative, participating, optional or other voting rights or powers, and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action. 
 
 If and whenever six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series A Preferred Stock or any series or class of Parity Shares shall be in arrears (which shall, with respect to any such quarterly dividend, mean that any such dividend has not been paid in full), whether or not earned or declared, the number of directors then constituting the Board of Directors shall be increased by two and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, together with the holders of shares of every other series or class of Parity Shares having like voting rights (shares of any such other series, the Voting Preferred Shares ), voting as a single class regardless of series, shall be entitled to elect two additional directors to serve on the Board of Directors at any annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof, or at a special meeting of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares called as hereinafter provided. Whenever all arrears in dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares then outstanding shall have been paid and full dividends thereon for the current quarterly dividend period shall have been paid or declared and set apart for payment, then the right of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares to elect such additional directors shall cease (but subject always to the same provision for the vesting of such voting rights in the case of any similar future arrearages in six quarterly dividends), and the terms of office of the persons elected as directors by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares shall forthwith terminate and the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall be reduced accordingly. At any time after such voting power shall have been so vested in the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, the Secretary of the Corporation may, and upon the written request of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock (addressed to the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation) shall, call a special meeting of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and of the Voting Preferred Shares for the election of the directors to be elected by them as herein provided, such call to be made by notice similar to that provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation for a special meeting of the stockholders or as required by law. If any such special 
 A-9 

meeting required to be called as above provided shall not be called by the Secretary within 20 days after receipt of such request, then any holder of Series A Preferred Stock may call such meeting, upon the notice above provided, and for that purpose shall have access to the stock books of the Corporation. The directors elected at any such special meeting shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting held in lieu thereof, and until their successors are duly elected and qualify, and if such office shall not have previously terminated as above provided. If any vacancy shall occur among the directors elected by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, a successor shall be elected by the Board of Directors to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof, and until their successors are duly elected and qualify, and if such office shall not have previously terminated as provided above. In no event shall the holders of Series A Preferred Stock be entitled pursuant to this Section 10 to elect a director that would cause the Corporation to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director independence of any national securities exchange on which any class or series of the Corporation s stock is listed. 
 
 So long as any Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent of stockholders required by the Charter, the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class regardless of series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary for effecting or validating 
 (a) Any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the Charter or these Articles Supplementary that materially and adversely affects the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or the Voting Preferred Shares provided, however, that (i) the amendment of the provisions of the Charter so as to authorize or create or to increase the authorized amount of, any Junior Shares or any shares of any class or series ranking on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock or the Voting Preferred Shares (including any amendment to increase the amount of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock) shall not be deemed to materially adversely affect the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) any filing with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland by the Corporation including in connection with a merger, consolidation or otherwise, shall not be deemed to be an amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the Charter or these Articles Supplementary that materially and adversely affects the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, provided that (1) the Corporation is the surviving entity and the Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding with the terms thereof materially unchanged in any respect adverse to the holders thereof or (2) the resulting, surviving or transferee entity is organized under the laws of any state and substitutes or exchanges the Series A Preferred Stock for other preferred stock or shares having preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption thereof that are substantially similar to that of the Series A Preferred Stock (except for changes that do not materially and adversely affect the holders of Series A Preferred Stock) and provided further, that if any such amendment, alteration or repeal would materially and adversely affect any voting powers, rights or preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock or one or more but not all series of Voting Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, the affirmative vote 
 A-10 

of at least 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all series similarly affected, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class regardless of series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be required in lieu of the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares otherwise entitled to vote in accordance herewith or 
 (b) The authorization or creation of, or the increase in the authorized amount of, any shares of any class or series or any security convertible into shares of any class or series ranking prior to the Series A Preferred Stock in the distribution on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or in the payment of dividends provided, however, that, in the case of each of subparagraphs (a) and (b), no such vote of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock or Voting Preferred Shares, as the case may be, shall be required if, at or prior to the time when such amendment, alteration or repeal is to take effect, or when the issuance of any such prior shares or convertible security is to be made, as the case may be, provision is made for the redemption of all Series A Preferred Stock or Voting Preferred Shares, as the case may be, at the time outstanding in accordance with Section 5 hereof or, in the case of a merger, consolidation or otherwise, regardless of the date of the transaction, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock receive in the transaction their liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends. 
 
 Section 11. Information R ig hts . During any period in which the Corporation is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act and any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation will (i) transmit by mail to all holders of Series A Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear in the Corporation s record books and without cost to such holders, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective holder of Series A Preferred Stock. The Corporation will mail the information to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission if the Corporation were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 
 Section 12. Record Holders . The Corporation and the Transfer Agent may deem and treat the record holder of any Series A Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes, and neither the Corporation nor the Transfer Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
 
 Section 13. Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer . The Series A Preferred Stock constitute Preferred Stock, and Preferred Stock constitutes Capital Stock of the Corporation. Therefore, the Series A Preferred Stock, being Capital Stock, is governed by and issued subject to all the limitations, terms and conditions of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock generally, including but not limited to the terms and conditions (including exceptions and exemptions) of Article VII of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock. The foregoing sentence shall not be construed to limit the applicability to the Series A Preferred Stock of any other term or provision of the Charter. 
 A-11 

EXHIBIT B 
 SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 Under a power contained in the charter (the Charter of Colony NorthStar, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), the Board of Directors of the Corporation classified and designated 14,920,000 shares (the Shares of the Preferred Stock (as defined in the Charter), as shares of 8.25 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share Series B Preferred Stock ), with the following preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption set forth below, which upon any restatement of the Charter, shall be deemed to be part of Article VI of the Charter, with any necessary or appropriate changes to the enumeration or lettering of sections or subsections hereof 
 
 8.25 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Per petual Preferred Stock 
 
 Section 1. Number of Shares and Des ig nation . This series of Preferred Stock shall be designated as 8.25 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share (the Series B Preferred Stock ), and 14,920,000 shall be the number of shares of Preferred Stock constituting such series. 
 
 Section 2. Definitions . For purposes of the Series B Preferred Stock, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated Annual Dividend Rate shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 3 hereof. 
 Board of Directors shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation or any committee authorized by such Board of Directors to perform any of its responsibilities with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which state or federally chartered banking institutions in New York, New York are not required to be open. 
 Change of Control shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. Charter shall mean the charter of the Corporation. 
 Common Stock shall mean, collectively, the Class A Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share, the Class B Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share, and the Performance Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share. 
 Dividend Payment Date shall mean February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, of each year, commencing on or about February 15, 2017 provided, however, that if any Dividend Payment Date falls on any day other than a Business Day, the dividend payment due on such Dividend Payment Date shall be paid on the first Business Day immediately following such Dividend Payment Date. 

Dividend Payment Record Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 3 hereof. 
 Dividend Periods shall mean quarterly dividend periods commencing on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, of each year and ending on and including the day preceding the first day of the next succeeding Dividend Period (other than the initial Dividend Period with respect to each share of Series B Preferred Stock, which, (i) for Series B Preferred Stock issued prior to January 11, 2017, shall commence on, and include, November 15, 2016 and end on and include February 14, 2017 and (ii) for Series B Preferred Stock issued on or after January 11, 2017, shall commence on the Dividend Payment Date with respect to which dividends were actually paid on Series B Preferred Stock that were outstanding immediately preceding the issuance of such Series B Preferred Stock and end on and include the day preceding the first day of the next succeeding Dividend Period). 
 Junior Shares shall mean the Common Stock and any other class or series of stock of the Corporation constituting junior shares of stock within the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 9 hereof. 
 Liquidation Preference shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 4 hereof. Parity Shares shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 9 hereof. 
 Person shall mean any individual, firm, partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity. 
 Redemption Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 5 hereof. Redemption Price shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Series A Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series B Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1 hereof. 
 Series C Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series D Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.500 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 B-2 

Series E Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.75 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series F Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.50 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series G Preferred Stock shall mean the 7.50 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series H Preferred Stock shall mean the 7.125 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Set apart for payment shall be deemed to include, without any action other than the following, the recording by the Corporation in its accounting ledgers of any accounting or bookkeeping entry which indicates, pursuant to a declaration of a dividend or other distribution by the Board of Directors, the allocation of funds to be so paid on any series or class of shares of stock of the Corporation. 
 Transfer Agent means American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York, or such other agent or agents of the Corporation as may be designated by the Board of Directors or its designee as the transfer agent for the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 Voting Preferred Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10 hereof. Voting Stock shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Section 3. Dividends . 
 (a) The holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation out of assets legally available for that purpose, dividends payable in cash at the rate per annum of 2.0625 per share of Series B Preferred Stock (the Annual Dividend Rate (equivalent to a rate of 8.25 of the Liquidation Preference per annum). Such dividends with respect to each share of Series B Preferred Stock issued prior to January 11, 2017 shall be cumulative from, and including, November 15, 2016 and with respect to each share of Series B Preferred Stock issued on or after January 11, 2017 shall be cumulative from the Dividend Payment Date with respect to which dividends were actually paid on shares of Series B Preferred Stock that were outstanding immediately preceding the issuance of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock, whether or not in any Dividend Period or Periods there shall be assets of the Corporation legally available for the payment of such dividends, and shall be payable quarterly, when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation, in arrears on Dividend Payment Dates, commencing with respect to each share of Series B Preferred Stock on the first Dividend Payment Date following issuance of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock. Dividends are cumulative from the most recent Dividend Payment Date to which dividends have been paid, 
 B-3 

whether or not in any Dividend Period or Periods there shall be assets legally available therefor. Each such dividend shall be payable in arrears to the holders of record of the Series B Preferred Stock, as they appear on the share records of the Corporation at the close of business on such record dates, not more than 30 days preceding the applicable Dividend Payment Date (the Dividend Payment Record Date ), as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. Accrued and unpaid dividends for any past Dividend Periods may be authorized and declared and paid at any time, without reference to any regular Dividend Payment Date, to holders of record on such date, not exceeding 45 days preceding the payment date thereof, as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. If following a Change of Control, the Series B Preferred Stock is not listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or quoted on NASDAQ, the Annual Dividend Rate will be increased to 2.3125 per share of Series B Preferred Stock (equivalent to a rate of 9.25 of the Liquidation Preference per annum) and the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation out of assets legally available for that purpose, dividends payable in cash cumulative from, but excluding, the first date on which both the Change of Control has occurred and the Series B Preferred Stock is not so listed or quoted at the increased Annual Dividend Rate for as long as the Series B Preferred Stock is not so listed or quoted. 
 (b) The amount of dividends payable for each full Dividend Period for the Series B Preferred Stock shall be computed by dividing the Annual Dividend Rate by four. The amount of dividends payable for the initial Dividend Period, or any other period shorter or longer than a full Dividend Period, on the Series B Preferred Stock shall be computed on the basis of twelve 30-day months and a 360-day year. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends, whether payable in cash, property or stock, in excess of cumulative dividends, as herein provided, on the Series B Preferred Stock. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series B Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 (c) So long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends, except as described in the immediately following sentence, shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment on any series or class or classes of Parity Shares for any period unless full cumulative dividends have been or contemporaneously are authorized and declared and paid or authorized and declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payment on the Series B Preferred Stock for all past Dividend Periods. When dividends are not paid in full or a sum sufficient for such payment is not set apart, as aforesaid, all dividends authorized and declared upon Series B Preferred Stock and all dividends authorized and declared upon any other series or class or classes of Parity Shares shall be authorized and declared ratably in proportion to the respective amounts of dividends accumulated and unpaid on the Series B Preferred Stock and such Parity Shares. 
 (d) So long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends (other than dividends or distributions paid solely in shares of, or options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase shares of, Junior Shares) shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment or other distribution authorized and declared or made upon Junior Shares, nor shall any Junior Shares be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired (other than a redemption, purchase or other acquisition of Common Stock made for purposes of and in 
 B-4 

compliance with requirements of an employee incentive or benefit plan of the Corporation or any subsidiary, or as permitted under Article VII of the Charter), for any consideration (or any moneys to be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by the Corporation, directly or indirectly (except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Shares), unless in each case the full cumulative dividends on all outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and any other Parity Shares of the Corporation shall have been paid or set apart for payment for all past Dividend Periods with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock and all past dividend periods with respect to such Parity Shares. 
 
 Section 4. Liquidation Preference . (a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any payment or distribution of the assets of the Corporation (whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of Junior Shares, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive Twenty-Five Dollars 25.00) per share of the Series B Preferred Stock (the Liquidation Preference plus an amount equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and unpaid thereon to the date of final distribution to such holder but such holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any further payment. If, upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other Parity Shares, then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of such Series B Preferred Stock and any such other Parity Shares ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such Series B Preferred Stock and any such other Parity Shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. For the purposes of this Section 4, (i) a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with one or more entities, (ii) a statutory share exchange and (iii) a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets shall not be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation. 
 (b) Subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series or class or classes of shares of stock ranking on a parity with or prior to the Series B Preferred Stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, as provided in this Section 4, any series or class or classes of Junior Shares shall, subject to any respective terms and provisions applying thereto, be entitled to receive any and all assets remaining to be paid or distributed, and the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to share therein. 
 
 Section 5. Redemption at the Option of the Corporation . (a) If at any time following a change of control, the Series B Preferred Stock is not listed on the New York Stock Exchange or American Stock Exchange, or quoted on NASDAQ, the Corporation will have the option to redeem the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole but not in part, within 90 days after the first date on which both the change of control has occurred and the Series B Preferred Stock is not so listed or quoted, for cash at 25.00 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared), to the redemption date. A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at such time as (i) the date a person or group (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities Exchange Act )) becomes 
 B-5 

the ultimate beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all shares of voting stock that such person or group has the right to acquire regardless of when such right is first exercisable), directly or indirectly, of voting stock representing more than 50 of the total voting power of the total voting stock of the Corporation (ii) the date the Corporation sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its assets or (iii) the date of the consummation of a merger or share exchange of the Corporation with another entity where the Corporation s stockholders immediately prior to the merger or share exchange would not beneficially own, immediately after the merger or share exchange, shares representing 50 or more of all votes (without consideration of the rights of any class of stock to elect directors by a separate group vote) to which all stockholders of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the merger or share exchange would be entitled in the election of directors, or where members of the Board of Directors immediately prior to the merger or share exchange would not immediately after the merger or share exchange constitute a majority of the board of directors of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the merger or share exchange. Voting Stock shall mean stock of any class or kind having the power to vote generally in the election of directors. Any redemption pursuant to this Section 5(a) shall follow generally the procedures set forth in the second paragraph of Section 5(c). 
 (b) Except as otherwise permitted by the Charter and paragraph (a) above, the Series B Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable by the Corporation prior to February 7, 2012. On and after February 7, 2012, the Corporation, at its option, may redeem the shares of Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, as set forth herein, subject to the provisions described below. 
 (c) On and after February 7, 2012, the Series B Preferred Stock shall be redeemable at the option of the Corporation, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price of 25.00 per share of Series B Preferred Stock, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to the date fixed for redemption (the Redemption Price ). Each date on which Series B Preferred Stock are to be redeemed (a Redemption Date (which may not be before February 7, 2012) shall be selected by the Corporation, shall be specified in the notice of redemption and shall not be less than 30 days or more than 60 days after the date on which the Corporation gives, or causes to be given, notice of redemption by mail pursuant to the next paragraph. 
 
 A notice of redemption (which may be contingent on the occurrence of a future event) shall be mailed, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, addressed to the respective holders of record of the Series B Preferred Stock at their respective addresses as they appear on the Corporation s share transfer records. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any Series B Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. Each notice shall state (i) the Redemption Date (ii) the Redemption Price (iii) the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder (iv) the place or places where the certificates evidencing the shares of Series B Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price and (v) that distributions on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such Redemption Date except as otherwise provided herein. 
 B-6 

(d) Upon any redemption of Series B Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall pay any accrued and unpaid dividends in arrears for any Dividend Period ending on or prior and up to the Redemption Date. If the Redemption Date falls after a Dividend Payment Record Date and prior to the corresponding Dividend Payment Date, then each holder of Series B Preferred Stock at the close of business on such Dividend Payment Record Date shall be entitled to the dividend payable on such Series B Preferred Stock on the corresponding Dividend Payment Date notwithstanding the redemption of such Series B Preferred Stock before such Dividend Payment Date. Except as provided above, the Corporation shall make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on Series B Preferred Stock called for redemption. 
 (e) If full cumulative dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock and any other series or class or classes of Parity Shares of the Corporation have not been paid or declared and set apart for payment, except as otherwise permitted under the Charter, the Series B Preferred Stock may not be redeemed in part and the Corporation may not purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Series B Preferred Stock or any Parity Shares other than in exchange for Junior Shares. 
 
 (f) Notice having been mailed as aforesaid, from and after the Redemption Date (unless the Corporation shall fail to make available the amount of cash necessary to effect such redemption), (i) except as otherwise provided herein, dividends on the shares of Series B Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall cease to accrue, (ii) said shares shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding, and (iii) all rights of the holders thereof as holders of Series B Preferred Stock of the Corporation shall cease (except the rights to receive the cash payable upon such redemption, without interest thereon, upon surrender and endorsement of their certificates if so required and to receive any dividends payable thereon). The Corporation s obligation to provide cash in accordance with the preceding sentence shall be deemed fulfilled if, on or before the Redemption Date, the Corporation shall deposit with a bank or trust company (which may be an affiliate of the Corporation) that has an office in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, or in Baltimore, Maryland and that has, or is an affiliate of a bank or trust company that has, a capital and surplus of at least 50,000,000, the cash necessary for such redemption, in trust, with irrevocable instructions that such cash be applied to the redemption of the Series B Preferred Stock so called for redemption. No interest shall accrue for the benefit of the holder of Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed on any cash so set aside by the Corporation. Subject to applicable escheat laws, any such cash unclaimed at the end of two years from the Redemption Date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation, after which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall look only to the general funds of the Corporation for the payment of such cash. 
 
 As promptly as practicable after the surrender in accordance with said notice of the certificates for any such shares of Series B Preferred Stock so redeemed (properly endorsed or assigned for transfer, if the Corporation shall so require and if the notice shall so state), such shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be exchanged for the cash (without interest thereon) for which such shares of Series B Preferred Stock have been redeemed. If fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall be selected by the Corporation from the outstanding shares 
 B-7 

of Series B Preferred Stock not previously called for redemption by lot or pro rata (as nearly as may be) or by any other method determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion to be equitable. If fewer than all the shares of Series B Preferred Stock evidenced by any certificate are redeemed, then new certificates evidencing the unredeemed shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be issued without cost to the holder thereof. 
 
 Section 6. Reacquired Shares to Be Retired . All shares of Series B Preferred Stock which shall have been issued and reacquired in any manner by the Corporation shall be restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, without designation as to series. 
 
 Section 7. No R ig ht of Conversion . The Series B Preferred Stock are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other property or securities of the Corporation at the option of any holder of Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 Section 8. Permissible Distributions . In determining whether a distribution (other than upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up), whether by dividend, or upon redemption or other acquisition of shares or otherwise, is permitted under Maryland law, amounts that would be needed, if the Corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of holders of shares of any class or series of stock whose preferential rights upon dissolution are superior or prior to those receiving the distribution shall not be added to the Corporation s total liabilities. 
 
 Section 9. Rankin g. Any class or series of stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank 
 (a) prior to the Series B Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends and as to distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, if the holders of such class or series shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 (b) on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends and as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates or redemption or liquidation prices per share thereof be different from those of the Series B Preferred Stock, if the holders of such class or series and the Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends and of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up in proportion to their respective amounts of accrued and unpaid dividends per share or liquidation preferences, without preference or priority one over the other Parity Shares and 
 (c) junior to the Series B Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, if such class or series of stock shall be Common Stock or if the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of such class or series, and such class or series shall not in either case rank prior to the Series B Preferred Stock Junior Shares ). 
 B-8 

As of the date hereof, 2,900,000 authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 5,750,000 authorized shares of Series C Preferred Stock, 8,050,000 authorized shares of Series D Preferred Stock, 10,350,000 authorized shares of Series E Preferred Stock, 10,400,000 authorized shares of Series F Preferred Stock, 3,450,000 authorized shares of Series G Preferred Stock and 11,500,000 authorized shares of Series H Preferred Stock are Parity Shares. 
 
 Section 10. Votin g. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Series B Preferred Stock shall not have any relative, participating, optional or other voting rights or powers, and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action. 
 
 If and whenever six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series B Preferred Stock or any series or class of Parity Shares shall be in arrears (which shall, with respect to any such quarterly dividend, mean that any such dividend has not been paid in full), whether or not earned or declared, the number of directors then constituting the Board of Directors shall be increased by two and the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, together with the holders of shares of every other series or class of Parity Shares having like voting rights (shares of any such other series, the Voting Preferred Shares ), voting as a single class regardless of series, shall be entitled to elect two additional directors to serve on the Board of Directors at any annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof, or at a special meeting of the holders of Series B Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares called as hereinafter provided. Whenever all arrears in dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares then outstanding shall have been paid and full dividends thereon for the current quarterly dividend period shall have been paid or declared and set apart for payment, then the right of the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares to elect such additional directors shall cease (but subject always to the same provision for the vesting of such voting rights in the case of any similar future arrearages in six quarterly dividends), and the terms of office of the persons elected as directors by the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares shall forthwith terminate and the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall be reduced accordingly. At any time after such voting power shall have been so vested in the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, the Secretary of the Corporation may, and upon the written request of any holder of Series B Preferred Stock (addressed to the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation) shall, call a special meeting of the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and of the Voting Preferred Shares for the election of the directors to be elected by them as herein provided, such call to be made by notice similar to that provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation for a special meeting of the stockholders or as required by law. If any such special meeting required to be called as above provided shall not be called by the Secretary within 20 days after receipt of such request, then any holder of Series B Preferred Stock may call such meeting, upon the notice above provided, and for that purpose shall have access to the stock books of the Corporation. The directors elected at any such special meeting shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting held in lieu thereof, and until their successors are duly elected and qualify, and if such office shall not have previously terminated as above provided. If any vacancy shall occur among the directors elected by the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, a successor shall be elected by the Board of Directors to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof, and until their successors are duly elected and qualify, and if such office shall not have previously terminated as provided above. In no event shall the 
 B-9 

holders of Series B Preferred Stock be entitled pursuant to this Section 10 to elect a director that would cause the Corporation to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director independence of any national securities exchange on which any class or series of the Corporation s stock is listed. 
 
 So long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent of stockholders required by the Charter, the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of Series B Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class regardless of series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary for effecting or validating 
 (a) Any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the Charter or these Articles Supplementary that materially and adversely affects the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock or the Voting Preferred Shares provided, however , that (i) the amendment of the provisions of the Charter so as to authorize or create or to increase the authorized amount of, any Junior Shares or any shares of any class or series ranking on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock or the Voting Preferred Shares (including any amendment to increase the amount of authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock) shall not be deemed to materially adversely affect the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of Series B Preferred Stock and (ii) any filing with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland by the Corporation including in connection with a merger, consolidation or otherwise, shall not be deemed to be an amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the Charter or these Articles Supplementary that materially and adversely affects the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, provided that (1) the Corporation is the surviving entity and the Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding with the terms thereof materially unchanged in any respect adverse to the holders thereof or (2) the resulting, surviving or transferee entity is organized under the laws of any state and substitutes or exchanges the Series B Preferred Stock for other preferred stock or shares having preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption thereof that are substantially similar to that of the Series B Preferred Stock (except for changes that do not materially and adversely affect the holders of Series B Preferred Stock) and provided further, that if any such amendment, alteration or repeal would materially and adversely affect any voting powers, rights or preferences of the Series B Preferred Stock or one or more but not all series of Voting Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all series similarly affected, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class regardless of series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be required in lieu of the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares otherwise entitled to vote in accordance herewith or 
 (b) The authorization or creation of, or the increase in the authorized amount of, any shares of any class or series or any security convertible into shares of any class or series ranking prior to the Series B Preferred Stock in the distribution on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or in the payment of dividends provided, however, that, in the case of each of subparagraphs (a) and (b), no such vote of the holders of Series B Preferred Stock 
 B-10 

or Voting Preferred Shares, as the case may be, shall be required if, at or prior to the time when such amendment, alteration or repeal is to take effect, or when the issuance of any such prior shares or convertible security is to be made, as the case may be, provision is made for the redemption of all Series B Preferred Stock or Voting Preferred Shares, as the case may be, at the time outstanding in accordance with Section 5 hereof or, in the case of a merger, consolidation or otherwise, regardless of the date of the transaction, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock receive in the transaction their liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends. 
 
 Section 11. Information R ig hts . During any period in which the Corporation is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act and any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation will (i) transmit by mail to all holders of Series B Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear in the Corporation s record books and without cost to such holders, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective holder of Series B Preferred Stock. The Corporation will mail the information to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission if the Corporation were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 
 Section 12. Record Holders . The Corporation and the Transfer Agent may deem and treat the record holder of any Series B Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes, and neither the Corporation nor the Transfer Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
 
 Section 13. Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer . The Series B Preferred Stock constitute Preferred Stock, and Preferred Stock constitutes Capital Stock of the Corporation. Therefore, the Series B Preferred Stock, being Capital Stock, is governed by and issued subject to all the limitations, terms and conditions of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock generally, including but not limited to the terms and conditions (including exceptions and exemptions) of Article VII of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock. The foregoing sentence shall not be construed to limit the applicability to the Series B Preferred Stock of any other term or provision of the Charter. 
 B-11 

EXHIBIT C 
 SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 Under a power contained in the charter (the Charter of Colony NorthStar, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), the Board of Directors of the Corporation, classified and designated 5,750,000 shares (the Shares of the Preferred Stock (as defined in the Charter), as shares of 8.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock ), with the following preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption set forth below, which upon any restatement of the Charter, shall be deemed to be part of Article VI of the Charter, with any necessary or appropriate changes to the enumeration or lettering of sections or subsections hereof 
 
 8.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Per petual Preferred Stock 
 
 Section 1. Number of Shares and Des ig nation . This series of Preferred Stock shall be designated as 8.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock ), and 5,750,000 shall be the number of shares of Preferred Stock constituting such series. 
 
 Section 2. Definitions . For purposes of the Series C Preferred Stock, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated Alternative Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (e) of Section 7 hereof. Alternative Form Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (e) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Annual Dividend Rate shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 3 hereof. 
 Board of Directors shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation or any committee authorized by such Board of Directors to perform any of its responsibilities with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which state or federally chartered banking institutions in New York, New York are not required to be open. 
 Change of Control Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 7 hereof. Change of Control Conversion Right shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 7 hereof. 

Change of Control shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. Charter shall mean the charter of the Corporation. 
 Class A Common Stock shall mean the Class A Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share. 
 Common Stock shall mean, collectively, the Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share, and the Performance Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share. 
 Common Stock Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 7 hereof. Common Stock Price shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (d) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (e) of Section 7 hereof. Conversion Rate shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 7 hereof. Depository shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (l) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Dividend Parity Stock shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 3 hereof. 
 Dividend Payment Date shall mean February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, of each year, commencing on or about February 15, 2017 provided, however, that if any Dividend Payment Date falls on any day other than a Business Day, the dividend payment due on such Dividend Payment Date shall instead be paid on the first Business Day immediately following such Dividend Payment Date without any adjustment to the amount of the dividend due on that Dividend Payment Date on account of such delay. 
 Dividend Payment Record Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 3 hereof. 
 Dividend Period shall mean a quarterly dividend period commencing on, and including, a Dividend Payment Date and ending on, but excluding, the next succeeding Dividend Payment Date (other than the initial Dividend Period with respect to each share of Series C Preferred Stock, which, (i) for shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued prior to January 11, 2017, shall commence on, and include, November 15, 2016 and end on, but exclude, the first Dividend Payment Date and (ii) for shares of Series C Preferred 
 C-2 

Stock issued on or after January 11, 2017, shall commence on, and include, the Dividend Payment Date with respect to which dividends were actually paid on Series C Preferred Stock that were outstanding immediately preceding the issuance of such Series C Preferred Stock and end on, but exclude, the next succeeding Dividend Payment Date). 
 DTC shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (l) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Exchange Cap shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Junior Shares shall mean the Common Stock and any other class or series of stock of the Corporation constituting junior shares of stock within the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 9 hereof. 
 Liquidation Preference shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 4 hereof. 
 Person shall mean any individual, firm, partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity. 
 Preferred Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10 hereof. Redemption Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 5 hereof. Redemption Price shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Securities Exchange Act shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Series A Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series B Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.25 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series C Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1 hereof. 
 Series D Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.500 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series E Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.75 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series F Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.50 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 C-3 

Series G Preferred Stock shall mean the 7.50 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series H Preferred Stock shall mean the 7.125 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Set apart for payment shall be deemed to include, without any action other than the following, the recording by the Corporation in its accounting ledgers of any accounting or bookkeeping entry which indicates, pursuant to a declaration of a dividend or other distribution by the Board of Directors, the allocation of funds to be so paid on any series or class of shares of stock of the Corporation. 
 Share Cap shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Share Split shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Transfer Agent means American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York, or such other agent or agents of the Corporation as may be designated by the Board of Directors or its designee as the transfer agent for the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 Voting Preferred Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10 hereof. Voting Stock shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Section 3. Dividends. (a) The holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation out of assets legally available for that purpose, dividends payable in cash at the rate per annum of 
 2.21875 per share of Series C Preferred Stock (the Annual Dividend Rate (equivalent to a rate of 8.875 of the Liquidation Preference per annum). Such dividends with respect to each share of Series C Preferred Stock issued prior to January 11, 2017 shall be cumulative from, and including, November 15, 2016 and with respect to each share of Series C Preferred Stock issued on or after January 11, 2017 shall be cumulative from, and including, the Dividend Payment Date with respect to which dividends were actually paid on shares of Series C Preferred Stock that were outstanding immediately preceding the issuance of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock, whether or not in any Dividend Period or Periods there shall be assets of the Corporation legally available for the payment of such dividends, and shall be payable quarterly, when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation, in arrears on Dividend Payment Dates, commencing with respect to each share of Series C Preferred Stock on the first Dividend Payment Date following issuance of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock. Dividends are cumulative from the most recent Dividend Payment Date to which dividends have been paid, whether or not in any Dividend Period or Periods there shall be 
 C-4 

assets legally available therefor. Each such dividend shall be payable in arrears to the holders of record of the Series C Preferred Stock, as they appear on the share records of the Corporation at the close of business on such record dates, not more than 30 days preceding the applicable Dividend Payment Date (the Dividend Payment Record Date ), as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. Accrued and unpaid dividends for any past Dividend Periods may be authorized and declared and paid at any time, without reference to any regular Dividend Payment Date, to holders of record on such date, not exceeding 30 days preceding the payment date thereof, as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. 
 (b) The amount of dividends payable for each full Dividend Period for the Series C Preferred Stock shall be computed by dividing the Annual Dividend Rate by four. The amount of dividends payable for the initial Dividend Period, or any other period shorter or longer than a full Dividend Period, on the Series C Preferred Stock shall be computed on the basis of twelve 30-day months and a 360-day year. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends, whether payable in cash, property or stock, in excess of cumulative dividends, as herein provided, on the Series C Preferred Stock. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series C Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 (c) So long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends, except as described in the immediately following sentence, shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment on any series or class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends Dividend Parity Stock for any period unless full cumulative dividends have been or contemporaneously are authorized, declared and paid or authorized, declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payment on the Series C Preferred Stock for all past Dividend Periods. When dividends are not paid in full or a sum sufficient for such payment is not set apart, as aforesaid, all dividends authorized and declared upon Series C Preferred Stock and all dividends authorized and declared upon any series or class or classes of Dividend Parity Stock shall be authorized and declared ratably in proportion to the respective amounts of dividends accrued and unpaid on the Series C Preferred Stock and such Dividend Parity Stock. 
 (d) So long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends (other than dividends or distributions paid solely in shares of, or options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase shares of, Junior Shares) shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment or other distribution authorized and declared or made upon Junior Shares, nor shall any Junior Shares be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired (other than (i) a redemption, purchase or other acquisition of Common Stock made for purposes of and in compliance with requirements of an employee incentive or benefit plan of the Corporation or any subsidiary, (ii) pursuant to Article VII of the Charter, (iii) as a result of a reclassification of such Junior Shares for or into other Junior Shares, or (iv) the purchase of fractional interests in Junior Shares pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of any securities convertible into or exchangeable for such Junior Shares), for any consideration (or any monies to be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by the Corporation, directly or indirectly (except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Shares), unless in each case the 
 C-5 

full cumulative dividends on all outstanding Series C Preferred Stock and any Dividend Parity Stock of the Corporation shall have been paid or set apart for payment for all past Dividend Periods with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock and all past dividend periods with respect to such Dividend Parity Stock. 
 
 Section 4. Liquidation Preference . (a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any payment or distribution of the assets of the Corporation (whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of Junior Shares, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive 25.00 per share of the Series C Preferred Stock (the Liquidation Preference plus an amount equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and unpaid thereon to the date of final distribution to such holder but such holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any further payment. If, upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other capital stock of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock as to such distribution, then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of such Series C Preferred Stock and any such other stock ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such Series C Preferred Stock and any such other stock if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. For the purposes of this Section 4, (i) a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with one or more entities, (ii) a statutory share exchange and (iii) a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets shall not be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation. 
 (b) Subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series or class or classes of shares of stock ranking on a parity with or prior to the Series C Preferred Stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, as provided in this Section 4, any series or class or classes of Junior Shares shall, subject to any respective terms and provisions applying thereto, be entitled to receive any and all assets remaining to be paid or distributed, and the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to share therein. 
 
 Section 5. Redemption at the Option of the Corporation . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 7(a), upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Corporation may, at its option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 90 days written notice, redeem the Series C Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption (the Redemption Price provided that, if the Redemption Date is after a Dividend Payment Record Date and prior to the corresponding Dividend Payment Date, no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividend will be included in the Redemption Price and the dividend payments on such Dividend Payment Date shall be made pursuant to Section 5(d). If, 
 C-6 

prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, the Corporation has provided notice of its election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 5, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock will not have the Change of Control Conversion Right (as hereinafter defined) with respect to the shares called for redemption. If the Corporation elects to redeem any shares of Series C Preferred Stock as described in this Section 5(a), it may use any available cash to pay the Redemption Price, and it will not be required to pay the Redemption Price only out of the proceeds from the issuance of other equity securities or any other specific source. A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at such time as (i) (A) the date a person , including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person within the meaning of Sections 13(d) 
 (3) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities Exchange Act becomes the ultimate beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all shares of voting stock that such person or group has the right to acquire regardless of when such right is first exercisable), directly or indirectly, of voting stock representing more than 50 of the total voting power of the total voting stock of the Corporation or (B) the date of the consummation of a merger or share exchange of the Corporation with another entity where the Corporation s stockholders immediately prior to the merger or share exchange would not beneficially own, immediately after the merger or share exchange, shares representing 50 or more of all votes (without consideration of the rights of any class of stock to elect directors by a separate group vote) to which all stockholders of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the merger or share exchange would be entitled in the election of directors, or where members of the Board of Directors immediately prior to the merger or share exchange would not immediately after the merger or share exchange constitute a majority of the board of directors of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the merger or share exchange, and (ii) following the closing of any transaction referred to in clause (i), neither the Corporation nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common equity securities (or American Depositary Receipts representing such securities) listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT or the NASDAQ Stock Market, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to any such securities exchange. Voting Stock shall mean stock of any class or kind having the power to vote generally in the election of directors. Any redemption pursuant to this Section 5(a) shall follow generally the procedures set forth in the second paragraph of Section 5(c). 
 (b) Except as otherwise permitted by the Charter and paragraph (a) above, the Series C Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable by the Corporation prior to October 11, 2017. On and after October 11, 2017, the Corporation, at its option, may redeem the shares of Series C Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, as set forth herein, subject to the provisions described below. 
 (c) On and after October 11, 2017, the Series C Preferred Stock shall be redeemable at the option of the Corporation, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at the Redemption Price. Each date on which Series C Preferred Stock are to be redeemed (a Redemption Date shall be selected by the Corporation, shall be specified in the notice of redemption and shall not be less than 30 days or more than 90 days after the date on which the Corporation gives, or causes to be given, notice of redemption by mail pursuant to the next paragraph. 
 C-7 

A notice of redemption (which may be contingent on the occurrence of a future event) shall be mailed, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 90 days prior to the Redemption Date, addressed to the respective holders of record of the Series C Preferred Stock at their respective addresses as they appear on the Corporation s share transfer records. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any Series C Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given (unless such a holder elects to tender such holder s shares). Each notice shall state (i) the Redemption Date (ii) the Redemption Price (iii) the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder (iv) the place or places where the certificates representing the shares of Series C Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price, if any of such shares are certificated (v) that distributions on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such Redemption Date except as otherwise provided herein and (vi) if such redemption is being made in connection with a Change of Control, that the holders of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock being so called for redemption will not be able to tender such shares of Series C Preferred Stock for conversion in connection with the Change of Control and that each share of Series C Preferred Stock tendered for conversion that is called, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined below), for redemption will be redeemed on the related date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no notice of redemption will be required where the Corporation elects to redeem Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5(b) and Article VII of the Charter to preserve its REIT qualification for federal income tax purposes. 
 (d) If the Redemption Date falls after a Dividend Payment Record Date and prior to the corresponding Dividend Payment Date, then each holder of Series C Preferred Stock at the close of business on such Dividend Payment Record Date shall be entitled to the dividend payable on such Series C Preferred Stock on the corresponding Dividend Payment Date notwithstanding the redemption of such Series C Preferred Stock before such Dividend Payment Date. Except as provided in calculating the Redemption Price and in this Section 5(d), the Corporation shall make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on Series C Preferred Stock called for redemption. 
 (e) If full cumulative dividends for all past dividend periods on the Series C Preferred Stock and any series or class or classes of Dividend Parity Stock of the Corporation have not been paid or declared and set apart for payment, except as otherwise permitted under the Charter, the Series C Preferred Stock may not be redeemed in part and the Corporation may not purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Series C Preferred Stock or any capital stock of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, other than in exchange for Junior Shares. 
 (f) Notice having been mailed as aforesaid, from and after the Redemption Date (unless the Corporation shall fail to make available the amount of cash necessary to effect such redemption), (i) except as otherwise provided herein, dividends on the shares of Series C Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall cease to accrue, (ii) said shares shall no longer be 
 C-8 

deemed to be outstanding, and (iii) all rights of the holders thereof as holders of Series C Preferred Stock of the Corporation shall cease (except the rights to receive the cash payable upon such redemption, without interest thereon, upon surrender and endorsement of their certificates if so required and to receive any dividends payable thereon). The Corporation s obligation to provide cash in accordance with the preceding sentence shall be deemed fulfilled if, on or before the Redemption Date, the Corporation shall deposit with a bank or trust company (which may be an affiliate of the Corporation) that has an office in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, or in Baltimore, Maryland and that has, or is an affiliate of a bank or trust company that has, a capital and surplus of at least 50,000,000, the cash necessary for such redemption, in trust, with irrevocable instructions that such cash be applied to the redemption of the Series C Preferred Stock so called for redemption. No interest shall accrue for the benefit of the holder of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed on any cash so set aside by the Corporation. Subject to applicable escheat laws, any such cash unclaimed at the end of two years from the Redemption Date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation, after which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall look only to the general funds of the Corporation for the payment of such cash. 
 
 As promptly as practicable after the surrender in accordance with said notice of the certificates for any such shares of Series C Preferred Stock so redeemed (properly endorsed or assigned for transfer, if the Corporation shall so require and if the notice shall so state), such shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be exchanged for the cash (without interest thereon) for which such shares of Series C Preferred Stock have been redeemed. If fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall be selected by the Corporation from the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock not previously called for redemption by lot or pro rata (as nearly as may be) or by any other method determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion to be equitable. If fewer than all the shares of Series C Preferred Stock represented by any certificate are redeemed, then new certificates representing the unredeemed shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be issued without cost to the holder thereof. 
 
 Section 6. Reacquired Shares to Be Retired . All shares of Series C Preferred Stock that have been issued and reacquired in any manner by the Corporation shall be restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, without designation as to series. 
 
 Section 7. Conversion R ig hts . Except as provided in this Section 7, the Series C Preferred Stock are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other property or securities of the Corporation at the option of any holder of Series C Preferred Stock. 
 (a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall have the right (unless, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, the Corporation has provided notice of its election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder pursuant to Section 5, in which case such holder will have the right only with respect to shares of Series C Preferred Stock that are not called for redemption) to convert each of the Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder (the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock (the Common Stock Conversion Consideration equal to the 
 C-9 

lesser of (i) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the sum of the Liquidation Preference per share of Series C Preferred Stock plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a Dividend Payment Record Date and prior to the corresponding Dividend Payment Date for the Series C Preferred Stock, in which case no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividends shall be included in this sum) by (y) the Common Stock Price (as defined below) (such quotient, the Conversion Rate and (ii) 8.4585 (the Share Cap ), subject to adjustments provided in Section 7(b) below. 
 (b) The Share Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any share splits (including those effected pursuant to a distribution of Class A Common Stock to existing holders of Class A Common Stock), subdivisions or combinations (in each case, a Share Split with respect to Class A Common Stock as follows the adjusted Share Cap as the result of a Share Split will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is equivalent to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Share Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock (or equivalent Alternative 
 Conversion Consideration (as defined below), as applicable) issuable or deliverable, as applicable, in connection with the exercise of the Change of Control Conversion Right shall not exceed the product of the Share Cap times the aggregate number of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the Change of Control Conversion Date (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable) (the Exchange Cap ). The Exchange Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any Share Splits on the same basis as the corresponding adjustment to the Share Cap. 
 (c) The Change of Control Conversion Date is the date the Series C Preferred Stock is to be converted, which shall be a Business Day selected by the Corporation that is no fewer than 20 days nor more than 35 days after the date on which it provides the notice described in Section 7(h) to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 (d) The Common Stock Price is (i) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by the holders of Class A Common Stock is solely cash, the amount of cash consideration per share of Class A Common Stock or (ii) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of Class A Common Stock is other than solely cash (x) the average of the closing sale prices per share of Class A Common Stock (or, if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the closing bid and ask prices per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average closing bid and the average closing ask prices per share) for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred as reported on the principal U.S. securities exchange on which Class A Common Stock is then traded, or (y) the average of the last quoted bid prices for Class A Common Stock in the over-the-counter market as reported by Pink OTC Markets Inc. or similar organization for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred, if Class A Common Stock is not then listed for trading on a U.S. securities exchange. 
 C-10 

(e) In the case of a Change of Control pursuant to which Class A Common Stock is or will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof) (the Alternative Form Consideration ), a holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall receive upon conversion of such Series C Preferred Stock the kind and amount of Alternative Form Consideration which such holder would have owned or been entitled to receive upon the Change of Control had such holder held a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the Common Stock Conversion Consideration immediately prior to the effective time of the Change of Control (the Alternative Conversion Consideration the Common Stock Conversion Consideration or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, whichever shall be applicable to a Change of Control, is referred to as the Conversion Consideration ). 
 (f) If the holders of Class A Common Stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in the Change of Control, the Conversion Consideration in respect of such Change of Control shall be deemed to be the kind and amount of consideration actually received by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between two types of consideration) or holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between more than two types of consideration), as the case may be, and shall be subject to any limitations to which all holders of Class A Common Stock are subject, including, without limitation, pro rata reductions applicable to any portion of the consideration payable in such Change of Control. 
 (g) No fractional shares of Class A Common Stock shall be issued upon the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock in connection with a Change of Control. Instead, holders shall be entitled to receive the cash value of such fractional shares based upon the Common Stock Price used in determining the Common Stock Conversion Consideration for such Change of Control. 
 
 (h) Within 15 days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, provided that the Corporation has not then exercised its right to redeem all shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5, the Corporation shall provide to holders of Series C Preferred Stock a notice of occurrence of the Change of Control that describes the resulting Change of Control Conversion Right, which notice shall be delivered to the holders of record of the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock in their addresses as they appear on the stock transfer records of the Corporation and shall state (i) the events constituting the Change of Control (ii) the date of the Change of Control (iii) the last date on which the holders of Series C Preferred Stock may exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right (iv) the method and period for calculating the Common Stock Price 
 (v) the Change of Control Conversion Date (vi) that if, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, the Corporation has provided notice of its election to redeem all or any shares of Series C Preferred Stock, holders will not be able to convert the shares of Series C Preferred Stock called for redemption and such shares will be redeemed on the related Redemption Date, even if such shares have already been tendered for conversion pursuant to the Change of Control Conversion Right (vii) if applicable, the type and amount of Alternative Conversion Consideration entitled to be received per share of Series C Preferred Stock (viii) the name and address of the paying agent, transfer agent and conversion agent for the Series C Preferred Stock (ix) the procedures that the holders of Series C Preferred Stock 
 C-11 

must follow to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right (including procedures for surrendering shares for conversion through the facilities of a Depositary (as defined below)), including the form of conversion notice to be delivered by such holders as described below and (x) the last date on which holders of Series C Preferred Stock may withdraw shares surrendered for conversion and the procedures that such holders must follow to effect such a withdrawal. 
 (i) The Corporation shall also issue a press release containing such notice provided for in Section 7(h) for publication on Dow Jones & Company, Inc., Business Wire, PR Newswire or Bloomberg Business News (or, if these organizations are not in existence at the time of issuance of the press release, such other news or press organization as is reasonably calculated to broadly disseminate the relevant information to the public), and post a notice on its website, in any event prior to the opening of business on the first Business Day following any date on which it provides the notice provided for in Section 7(h) to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock. 
 (j) To exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be required to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the certificate(s), if any, representing the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer (or, in the case of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock held in book-entry form through a Depositary, to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted through the facilities of such Depositary), together with a written conversion notice in the form provided by the Corporation, duly completed, to its transfer agent. The conversion notice must state (i) the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date (ii) the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted and (iii) that the Series C Preferred Stock is to be converted pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 (k) Holders of Series C Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of a Change of Control Conversion Right (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the transfer agent of the Corporation prior to the close of business on the Business Day prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date. The notice of withdrawal delivered by any holder must state (i) the number of withdrawn shares of Series C Preferred Stock (ii) if certificated shares of Series C Preferred Stock have been surrendered for conversion, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn shares of Series C Preferred Stock and (iii) the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, if any, which remain subject to the holder s conversion notice. 
 (l) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Sections 7(j) and (k), if any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company DTC or a similar depositary (each, a Depositary ), the conversion notice and or the notice of withdrawal, as applicable, must comply with applicable procedures, if any, of the applicable Depositary. 
 C-12 

(m) Series C Preferred Stock as to which the Change of Control Conversion Right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion notice has not been properly withdrawn will be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration in accordance with the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date, unless prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date the Corporation has provided notice of its election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5, in which case only the shares of Series C Preferred Stock properly surrendered for conversion and not properly withdrawn that are not called for redemption will be converted as aforesaid. If the Corporation elects to redeem shares of Series C Preferred Stock that would otherwise be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration on a Change of Control Conversion Date, such shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall not be so converted and the holders of such shares shall be entitled to receive on the applicable Redemption Date the Redemption Price as provided in Section 5. 
 (n) The Corporation shall deliver all securities, cash and any other property owing upon conversion no later than the third Business Day following the Change of Control Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the persons entitled to receive any shares of Class A Common Stock or other securities delivered on conversion will be deemed to have become the holders of record thereof as of the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 (o) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Series C Preferred Stock, no holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert such Series C Preferred Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, as the case may be, to the extent that receipt of such Class A Common Stock or the Alternative Conversion Consideration would cause such holder (or any other person) to exceed the applicable share ownership limitations contained in the Charter or this Articles Supplementary or the governing document of the surviving entity, as the case may be, unless the Corporation provides an exemption from this limitation to such holder pursuant to the Charter and this Articles Supplementary or the governing document of the surviving entity. 
 (p) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and except as otherwise required by law, the persons who are the holders of record of shares of Series C Preferred Stock at the close of business on a Dividend Payment Record Date shall be entitled to receive the dividend payable on the corresponding Dividend Payment Date notwithstanding the conversion of those shares after such Dividend Record Date and on or prior to such Dividend Payment Date and, in such case, the full amount of such dividend shall be paid on such Dividend Payment Date to the persons who were the holders of record at the close of business on such Dividend Record Date. Except as provided in this Section 7(p), the Corporation shall make no allowance for unpaid dividends that are not in arrears on the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted. 
 
 Section 8. Permissible Distributions . In determining whether a distribution (other than upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up), whether by dividend, or upon redemption or other acquisition of shares or otherwise, is permitted under Maryland law, amounts that would be needed, if the Corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of holders of shares of any class or series of stock whose preferential rights upon dissolution are superior or prior to those receiving the distribution shall not be added to the Corporation s total liabilities. 
 C-13 

Section 9. Rankin g. Any class or series of stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank 
 (a) prior to the Series C Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends or as to distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, if the holders of such class or series shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 (b) on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates or redemption or liquidation prices per share thereof be different from those of the Series C Preferred Stock, if the holders of such class or series and the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in proportion to their respective amounts of accrued and unpaid dividends per share or liquidation preferences, without preference or priority one over the other and 
 (c) junior to the Series C Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, if such class or series of stock shall be Common Stock or if the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of such class or series, and such class or series shall not in either case rank prior to the Series C Preferred Stock Junior Shares ). 
 
 As of the date hereof, 2,900,000 authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 14,900,000 authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock, 8,050,000 authorized shares of Series D Preferred Stock, 10,350,000 authorized shares of Series E Preferred Stock, 10,400,000 authorized shares of Series F Preferred Stock, 3,450,000 authorized shares of Series G Preferred Stock and 11,500,000 authorized shares of Series H Preferred Stock rank on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 
 Section 10. Votin g. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Series C Preferred Stock shall not have any relative, participating, optional or other voting rights or powers, and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action. 
 
 If and whenever six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series C Preferred Stock shall be in arrears (which shall, with respect to any such quarterly dividend, mean that any such dividend has not been paid in full), whether or not earned or declared, the number of directors then constituting the Board of Directors shall be increased by two and the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, together with the holders of shares of every series or class of Dividend Parity Stock having like voting rights (shares of any such series or class, including the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series D Preferred Stock, the Series E Preferred Stock, the Series F Preferred Stock, the Series G Preferred Stock and the Series H Preferred Stock, the Voting Preferred Shares ), voting as a single class regardless of series, shall be entitled to elect two additional directors (the Preferred Directors to serve on the Board of Directors at any annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof, or at a special meeting of the holders of Series C Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares called as hereinafter provided. For the avoidance of doubt, in 
 C-14 

the election of both Preferred Directors, any outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock, Series F Preferred Stock, Series G Preferred Stock, Series H Preferred Stock and other Voting Preferred Shares shall vote together as a class, and the affirmative vote of a plurality of the votes cast by holders of outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock, Series F Preferred Stock, Series G Preferred Stock, Series H Preferred Stock and other Voting Preferred Shares shall be required to elect a Preferred Director. Whenever all arrears in dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares then outstanding shall have been paid and full dividends thereon for the current quarterly dividend period shall have been paid or declared and set apart for payment, then the right of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares to elect such two additional directors shall cease (but subject always to the same provision for the vesting of such voting rights in the case of any similar future arrearages in six quarterly dividends), and the terms of office of the persons elected as director, by the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares shall forthwith terminate and the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall be reduced accordingly. At any time after such voting power shall have been so vested in the holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, the Secretary of the Corporation may, and upon the written request of any holder of Series C Preferred Stock (addressed to the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation) shall, call a special meeting of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock and of the Voting Preferred Shares for the election of the directors to be elected by them as herein provided, such call to be made by notice similar to that provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation for a special meeting of the stockholders or as required by law. If any such special meeting required to be called as above provided shall not be called by the Secretary within 20 days after receipt of such request, then any holder of Series C Preferred Stock may call such meeting, upon the notice above provided, and for that purpose shall have access to the stock books of the Corporation. The directors elected at any such special meeting shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting held in lieu thereof, and until their successors are duly elected and qualify, and if such office shall not have previously terminated as above provided. If any vacancy shall occur among the directors elected by the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, a successor shall be elected by the Board of Directors to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof, and until their successors are duly elected and qualify, and if such office shall not have previously terminated as provided above. In no event shall the holders of Series C Preferred Stock be entitled pursuant to this Section 10 to elect a director that would cause the Corporation to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director independence of any national securities exchange on which any class or series of the Corporation s stock is listed. 
 
 So long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent of stockholders required by the Charter, the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of Series C Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class regardless of series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary for effecting or validating 
 C-15 

(a) Any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the Charter or these Articles Supplementary (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise) that materially and adversely affects the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock or the Voting Preferred Shares provided, however, that (i) the amendment of the provisions of the Charter so as to authorize or create or to increase the authorized amount of, any Junior Shares or any shares of any class or series ranking on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up or the Voting Preferred Shares (including any amendment to increase the amount of authorized shares of Series C Preferred Stock) shall not be deemed to materially adversely affect the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of Series C Preferred Stock and (ii) any filing with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland by the Corporation including in connection with a merger, consolidation or otherwise, shall not be deemed to be an amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the Charter or these Articles Supplementary that materially and adversely affects the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, provided that (1) the Corporation is the surviving entity and the Series C Preferred Stock remain outstanding with the terms thereof materially unchanged in any respect adverse to the holders thereof or (2) the resulting, surviving or transferee entity is organized under the laws of any state and substitutes or exchanges the Series C Preferred Stock for other preferred stock, shares or other equity interests having preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption thereof that are substantially similar to that of the Series C Preferred Stock (except for changes that do not materially and adversely affect the holders of Series C Preferred Stock) and provided further , that if any such amendment, alteration or repeal would materially and adversely affect any voting powers, rights or preferences of the Series C Preferred Stock or one or more but not all series of Voting Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all series similarly affected, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class regardless of series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be required in lieu of the affirmative vote of at least 
 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares otherwise entitled to vote in 
 accordance herewith or 
 (b) The authorization or creation of, or the increase in the authorized amount of, any shares of any class or series or any security convertible into shares of any class or series ranking prior to the Series C Preferred Stock in the distribution on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or in the payment of dividends provided, however, that, in the case of each of subparagraphs (a) and (b), no such vote of the holders of Series C Preferred Stock or Voting Preferred Shares, as the case may be, shall be required if, at or prior to the time when such amendment, alteration or repeal is to take effect, or when the issuance of any such prior shares or convertible security is to be made, as the case may be, provision is made for the redemption of all Series C Preferred Stock or Voting Preferred Shares, as the case may be, at the time outstanding in accordance with Section 5 hereof or, in the case of a merger, consolidation or otherwise, regardless of the date of the transaction, the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock receive in the transaction their liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends. 
 C-16 

For purposes of determining the voting rights of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock under this Section 10, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each Liquidation Preference per share with respect to shares of the Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder. Whether the vote or consent of the holders of a plurality, majority or other portion of the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and any Voting Preferred Shares has been cast or given on any matter on which the holders of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to vote shall be determined by the Corporation by reference to the specified liquidation amounts of the shares voted or covered by the consent. 
 
 Section 11. Information R ig hts . During any period in which the Corporation is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act and any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation will (i) transmit by mail to all holders of Series C Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear in the Corporation s record books and without cost to such holders, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective holder of Series C Preferred Stock. The Corporation will mail the information to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission if the Corporation were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 
 Section 12. Record Holders . The Corporation and the Transfer Agent may deem and treat the record holder of any Series C Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes, and neither the Corporation nor the Transfer Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
 
 Section 13. Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer . The Series C Preferred Stock constitutes Preferred Stock, and Preferred Stock constitutes Capital Stock of the Corporation. Therefore, the Series C Preferred Stock, being Capital Stock, is governed by and issued subject to all the limitations, terms and conditions of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock generally, including but not limited to the terms and conditions (including exceptions and exemptions) of Article VII of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock. The foregoing sentence shall not be construed to limit the applicability to the Series C Preferred Stock of any other term or provision of the Charter. 
 C-17 

EXHIBIT D 
 SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 Under a power contained in the charter (the Charter of Colony NorthStar, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), the Board of Directors of the Corporation, classified and designated 8,050,000 shares (the Shares of the Preferred Stock (as defined in the Charter), as shares of 8.500 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share (the Series D Preferred Stock ), with the following preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption set forth below, which upon any restatement of the Charter, shall be deemed to be part of Article VI of the Charter, with any necessary or appropriate changes to the enumeration or lettering of sections or subsections hereof 
 
 8.500 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Per petual Preferred Stock 
 
 Section 1. Number of Shares and Des ig nation . This series of Preferred Stock shall be designated as 8.500 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share (the Series D Preferred Stock ), and 8,050,000 shall be the number of shares of Preferred Stock constituting such series. 
 
 Section 2. Definitions . For purposes of the Series D Preferred Stock, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated Alternative Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (e) of Section 7 hereof. Alternative Form Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (e) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Annual Dividend Rate shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 3 hereof. 
 Board of Directors shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation or any committee authorized by such Board of Directors to perform any of its responsibilities with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock. 
 Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which state or federally chartered banking institutions in New York, New York are not required to be open. 
 Change of Control Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 7 hereof. 

Change of Control Conversion Right shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 7 hereof. Change of Control shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Charter shall mean the charter of the Corporation. 
 Class A Common Stock shall mean the Class A Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share. 
 Common Stock shall mean, collectively, the Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share, and the Performance Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share. 
 Common Stock Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 7 hereof. Common Stock Price shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (d) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (e) of Section 7 hereof. Conversion Rate shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 7 hereof. Depository shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (l) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Dividend Parity Stock shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 3 hereof. 
 Dividend Payment Date shall mean February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, of each year, commencing on or about February 15, 2017 provided, however, that if any Dividend Payment Date falls on any day other than a Business Day, the dividend payment due on such Dividend Payment Date shall instead be paid on the first Business Day immediately following such Dividend Payment Date without any adjustment to the amount of the dividend due on that Dividend Payment Date on account of such delay. 
 Dividend Payment Record Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 3 hereof. 
 D-2 

Dividend Period shall mean a quarterly dividend period commencing on, and including, a Dividend Payment Date and ending on, but excluding, the next succeeding Dividend Payment Date (other than the initial Dividend Period with respect to each share of Series D Preferred Stock, which, (i) for shares of Series D Preferred Stock issued prior to January 11, 2017, shall commence on, and include, November 15, 2016 and end on, but exclude, the first Dividend Payment Date and (ii) for shares of Series D Preferred Stock issued on or after January 11, 2017, shall commence on, and include, the Dividend Payment Date with respect to which dividends were actually paid on Series D Preferred Stock that were outstanding immediately preceding the issuance of such Series D Preferred Stock and end on, but exclude, the next succeeding Dividend Payment Date). 
 DTC shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (l) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Exchange Cap shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Junior Shares shall mean the Common Stock and any other class or series of stock of the Corporation constituting junior shares of stock within the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 9 hereof. 
 Liquidation Preference shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 4 hereof. 
 Person shall mean any individual, firm, partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity. 
 Preferred Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10 hereof. Redemption Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 5 hereof. Redemption Price shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Securities Exchange Act shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Series A Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series B Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.25 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 D-3 

Series C Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series D Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1 hereof. 
 Series E Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.75 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series F Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.50 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series G Preferred Stock shall mean the 7.50 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series H Preferred Stock shall mean the 7.125 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Set apart for payment shall be deemed to include, without any action other than the following, the recording by the Corporation in its accounting ledgers of any accounting or bookkeeping entry which indicates, pursuant to a declaration of a dividend or other distribution by the Board of Directors, the allocation of funds to be so paid on any series or class of shares of stock of the Corporation. 
 Share Cap shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Share Split shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Transfer Agent means American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York, or such other agent or agents of the Corporation as may be designated by the Board of Directors or its designee as the transfer agent for the Series D Preferred Stock. 
 Voting Preferred Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10 hereof. Voting Stock shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Section 3. Dividends. (a) The holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation out of assets legally available for that purpose, dividends payable in cash at the rate per annum of 
 2.125 per share of Series D Preferred Stock (the Annual Dividend Rate (equivalent to a rate of 8.500 of the Liquidation Preference per annum). Such dividends with respect to each share of Series D Preferred Stock issued prior to January 11, 2017 shall be 
 D-4 

cumulative from, and including, November 15, 2016 and with respect to each share of Series D Preferred Stock issued on or after January 11, 2017 shall be cumulative from, and including, the Dividend Payment Date with respect to which dividends were actually paid on shares of Series D Preferred Stock that were outstanding immediately preceding the issuance of such shares of Series D Preferred Stock, whether or not in any Dividend Period or Periods there shall be assets of the Corporation legally available for the payment of such dividends, and shall be payable quarterly, when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation, in arrears on Dividend Payment Dates, commencing with respect to each share of Series D Preferred Stock on the first Dividend Payment Date following issuance of such shares of Series D Preferred Stock. Dividends are cumulative from the most recent Dividend Payment Date to which dividends have been paid, whether or not in any Dividend Period or Periods there shall be assets legally available therefor. Each such dividend shall be payable in arrears to the holders of record of the Series D Preferred Stock, as they appear on the share records of the Corporation at the close of business on such record dates, not more than 30 days preceding the applicable Dividend Payment Date (the Dividend Payment Record Date ), as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. Accrued and unpaid dividends for any past Dividend Periods may be authorized and declared and paid at any time, without reference to any regular Dividend Payment Date, to holders of record on such date, not exceeding 30 days preceding the payment date thereof, as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. 
 (b) The amount of dividends payable for each full Dividend Period for the Series D Preferred Stock shall be computed by dividing the Annual Dividend Rate by four. The amount of dividends payable for the initial Dividend Period, or any other period shorter or longer than a full Dividend Period, on the Series D Preferred Stock shall be computed on the basis of twelve 30-day months and a 360-day year. Holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends, whether payable in cash, property or stock, in excess of cumulative dividends, as herein provided, on the Series D Preferred Stock. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series D Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 (c) So long as any shares of Series D Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends, except as described in the immediately following sentence, shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment on any series or class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series D Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends Dividend Parity Stock for any period unless full cumulative dividends have been or contemporaneously are authorized, declared and paid or authorized, declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payment on the Series D Preferred Stock for all past Dividend Periods. When dividends are not paid in full or a sum sufficient for such payment is not set apart, as aforesaid, all dividends authorized and declared upon Series D Preferred Stock and all dividends authorized and declared upon any series or class or classes of Dividend Parity Stock shall be authorized and declared ratably in proportion to the respective amounts of dividends accrued and unpaid on the Series D Preferred Stock and such Dividend Parity Stock. 
 D-5 

(d) So long as any shares of Series D Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends (other than dividends or distributions paid solely in shares of, or options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase shares of, Junior Shares) shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment or other distribution authorized and declared or made upon Junior Shares, nor shall any Junior Shares be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired (other than (i) a redemption, purchase or other acquisition of Common Stock made for purposes of and in compliance with requirements of an employee incentive or benefit plan of the Corporation or any subsidiary, (ii) pursuant to Article VII of the Charter, (iii) as a result of a reclassification of such Junior Shares for or into other Junior Shares, or (iv) the purchase of fractional interests in Junior Shares pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of any securities convertible into or exchangeable for such Junior Shares), for any consideration (or any monies to be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by the Corporation, directly or indirectly (except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Shares), unless in each case the full cumulative dividends on all outstanding Series D Preferred Stock and any Dividend Parity Stock of the Corporation shall have been paid or set apart for payment for all past Dividend Periods with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock and all past dividend periods with respect to such Dividend Parity Stock. 
 
 Section 4. Liquidation Preference . (a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any payment or distribution of the assets of the Corporation (whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of Junior Shares, the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive 25.00 per share of the Series D Preferred Stock (the Liquidation Preference plus an amount equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and unpaid thereon to the date of final distribution to such holder but such holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any further payment. If, upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other capital stock of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series D Preferred Stock as to such distribution, then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of such Series D Preferred Stock and any such other stock ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such Series D Preferred Stock and any such other stock if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. For the purposes of this Section 4, (i) a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with one or more entities, (ii) a statutory share exchange and (iii) a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets shall not be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation. 
 (b) Subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series or class or classes of shares of stock ranking on a parity with or prior to the Series D Preferred Stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, as provided in this Section 4, any series or class or classes of Junior Shares shall, subject to any respective terms and provisions applying thereto, be entitled to receive any and all assets remaining to be paid or distributed, and the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to share therein. 
 D-6 

Section 5. Redemption at the Option of the Corporation . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 7(a), upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Corporation may, at its option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 90 days written notice, redeem the Series D Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption (the Redemption Price provided that, if the Redemption Date is after a Dividend Payment Record Date and prior to the corresponding Dividend Payment Date, no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividend will be included in the Redemption Price and the dividend payments on such Dividend Payment Date shall be made pursuant to Section 5(d). If, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, the Corporation has provided notice of its election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 5, the holders of Series D Preferred Stock will not have the Change of Control Conversion Right (as hereinafter defined) with respect to the shares called for redemption. If the Corporation elects to redeem any shares of Series D Preferred Stock as described in this Section 5(a), it may use any available cash to pay the Redemption Price, and it will not be required to pay the Redemption Price only out of the proceeds from the issuance of other equity securities or any other specific source. A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at such time as (i) (A) the date a person , including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person within the meaning of Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities Exchange Act becomes the ultimate beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all shares of voting stock that such person or group has the right to acquire regardless of when such right is first exercisable), directly or indirectly, of voting stock representing more than 50 of the total voting power of the total voting stock of the Corporation or (B) the date of the consummation of a merger or share exchange of the Corporation with another entity where the Corporation s stockholders immediately prior to the merger or share exchange would not beneficially own, immediately after the merger or share exchange, shares representing 50 or more of all votes (without consideration of the rights of any class of stock to elect directors by a separate group vote) to which all stockholders of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the merger or share exchange would be entitled in the election of directors, or where members of the Board of Directors immediately prior to the merger or share exchange would not immediately after the merger or share exchange constitute a majority of the board of directors of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the merger or share exchange, and (ii) following the closing of any transaction referred to in clause (i), neither the Corporation nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common equity securities (or American Depositary Receipts representing such securities) listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT or the NASDAQ Stock Market, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to any such securities exchange. Voting Stock shall mean stock of any class or kind having the power to vote generally in the election of directors. Any redemption pursuant to this Section 5(a) shall follow generally the procedures set forth in the second paragraph of Section 5(c). 
 D-7 

(b) Except as otherwise permitted by the Charter and paragraph (a) above, the Series D Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable by the Corporation prior to April 10, 2018. On and after April 10, 2018, the Corporation, at its option, may redeem the shares of Series D Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, as set forth herein, subject to the provisions described below. 
 (c) On and after April 10, 2018, the Series D Preferred Stock shall be redeemable at the option of the Corporation, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at the Redemption Price. Each date on which Series D Preferred Stock are to be redeemed (a Redemption Date shall be selected by the Corporation, shall be specified in the notice of redemption and shall not be less than 30 days or more than 90 days after the date on which the Corporation gives, or causes to be given, notice of redemption by mail pursuant to the next paragraph. 
 
 A notice of redemption (which may be contingent on the occurrence of a future event) shall be mailed, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 90 days prior to the Redemption Date, addressed to the respective holders of record of the Series D Preferred Stock at their respective addresses as they appear on the Corporation s share transfer records. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any Series D Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given (unless such a holder elects to tender such holder s shares). Each notice shall state (i) the Redemption Date (ii) the Redemption Price (iii) the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares of Series D Preferred Stock held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder (iv) the place or places where the certificates representing the shares of Series D Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price, if any of such shares are certificated (v) that distributions on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such Redemption Date except as otherwise provided herein and (vi) if such redemption is being made in connection with a Change of Control, that the holders of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock being so called for redemption will not be able to tender such shares of Series D Preferred Stock for conversion in connection with the Change of Control and that each share of Series D Preferred Stock tendered for conversion that is called, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined below), for redemption will be redeemed on the related date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no notice of redemption will be required where the Corporation elects to redeem Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5(b) and Article VII of the Charter to preserve its REIT qualification for federal income tax purposes. 
 D-8 

(d) If the Redemption Date falls after a Dividend Payment Record Date and prior to the corresponding Dividend Payment Date, then each holder of Series D Preferred Stock at the close of business on such Dividend Payment Record Date shall be entitled to the dividend payable on such Series D Preferred Stock on the corresponding Dividend Payment Date notwithstanding the redemption of such Series D Preferred Stock before such Dividend Payment Date. Except as provided in calculating the Redemption Price and in this Section 5(d), the Corporation shall make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on Series D Preferred Stock called for redemption. 
 (e) If full cumulative dividends for all past dividend periods on the Series D Preferred Stock and any series or class or classes of Dividend Parity Stock of the Corporation have not been paid or declared and set apart for payment, except as otherwise permitted under the Charter, the Series D Preferred Stock may not be redeemed in part and the Corporation may not purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Series D Preferred Stock or any capital stock of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series D Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, other than in exchange for Junior Shares. 
 (f) Notice having been mailed as aforesaid, from and after the Redemption Date (unless the Corporation shall fail to make available the amount of cash necessary to effect such redemption), (i) except as otherwise provided herein, dividends on the shares of Series D Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall cease to accrue, (ii) said shares shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding, and (iii) all rights of the holders thereof as holders of Series D Preferred Stock of the Corporation shall cease (except the rights to receive the cash payable upon such redemption, without interest thereon, upon surrender and endorsement of their certificates if so required and to receive any dividends payable thereon). The Corporation s obligation to provide cash in accordance with the preceding sentence shall be deemed fulfilled if, on or before the Redemption Date, the Corporation shall deposit with a bank or trust company (which may be an affiliate of the Corporation) that has an office in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, or in Baltimore, Maryland and that has, or is an affiliate of a bank or trust company that has, a capital and surplus of at least 50,000,000, the cash necessary for such redemption, in trust, with irrevocable instructions that such cash be applied to the redemption of the Series D Preferred Stock so called for redemption. No interest shall accrue for the benefit of the holder of Series D Preferred Stock to be redeemed on any cash so set aside by the Corporation. Subject to applicable escheat laws, any such cash unclaimed at the end of two years from the Redemption Date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation, after which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall look only to the general funds of the Corporation for the payment of such cash. 
 
 As promptly as practicable after the surrender in accordance with said notice of the certificates for any such shares of Series D Preferred Stock so redeemed (properly endorsed or assigned for transfer, if the Corporation shall so require and if the notice shall so state), such shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be exchanged for the cash (without interest thereon) for which such shares of Series D Preferred Stock have been redeemed. If fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall be selected by the Corporation from the outstanding shares 
 D-9 

of Series D Preferred Stock not previously called for redemption by lot or pro rata (as nearly as may be) or by any other method determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion to be equitable. If fewer than all the shares of Series D Preferred Stock represented by any certificate are redeemed, then new certificates representing the unredeemed shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be issued without cost to the holder thereof. 
 
 Section 6. Reacquired Shares to Be Retired . All shares of Series D Preferred Stock that have been issued and reacquired in any manner by the Corporation shall be restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, without designation as to series. 
 
 Section 7. Conversion R ig hts . Except as provided in this Section 7, the Series D Preferred Stock are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other property or securities of the Corporation at the option of any holder of Series D Preferred Stock. 
 (a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series D Preferred Stock shall have the right (unless, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, the Corporation has provided notice of its election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock held by such holder pursuant to Section 5, in which case such holder will have the right only with respect to shares of Series D Preferred Stock that are not called for redemption) to convert each of the Series D Preferred Stock held by such holder (the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock (the Common Stock Conversion Consideration equal to the lesser of (i) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the sum of the Liquidation Preference per share of Series D Preferred Stock plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a Dividend Payment Record Date and prior to the corresponding Dividend Payment Date for the Series D Preferred Stock, in which case no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividends shall be included in this sum) by (y) the Common Stock Price (as defined below) (such quotient, the Conversion Rate and (ii) 5.8241 (the Share Cap ), subject to adjustments provided in Section 7(b) below. 
 (b) The Share Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any share splits (including those effected pursuant to a distribution of Class A Common Stock to existing holders of Class A Common Stock), subdivisions or combinations (in each case, a Share Split with respect to Class A Common Stock as follows the adjusted Share Cap as the result of a Share Split will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is equivalent to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Share Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock (or equivalent Alternative 
 Conversion Consideration (as defined below), as applicable) issuable or deliverable, as applicable, in connection with the exercise of the Change of Control Conversion Right shall not exceed the product of the Share 
 D-10 

Cap times the aggregate number of shares of the Series D Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the Change of Control Conversion Date (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable) (the Exchange Cap ). The Exchange Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any Share Splits on the same basis as the corresponding adjustment to the Share Cap. 
 (c) The Change of Control Conversion Date is the date the Series D Preferred Stock is to be converted, which shall be a Business Day selected by the Corporation that is no fewer than 20 days nor more than 35 days after the date on which it provides the notice described in Section 7(h) to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock. 
 (d) The Common Stock Price is (i) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by the holders of Class A Common Stock is solely cash, the amount of cash consideration per share of Class A Common Stock or (ii) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of Class A Common Stock is other than solely cash (x) the average of the closing sale prices per share of Class A Common Stock (or, if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the closing bid and ask prices per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average closing bid and the average closing ask prices per share) for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred as reported on the principal U.S. securities exchange on which Class A Common Stock is then traded, or (y) the average of the last quoted bid prices for Class A Common Stock in the over-the-counter market as reported by Pink OTC Markets Inc. or similar organization for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred, if Class A Common Stock is not then listed for trading on a U.S. securities exchange. 
 (e) In the case of a Change of Control pursuant to which Class A Common Stock is or will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof) (the Alternative Form Consideration ), a holder of Series D Preferred Stock shall receive upon conversion of such Series D Preferred Stock the kind and amount of Alternative Form Consideration which such holder would have owned or been entitled to receive upon the Change of Control had such holder held a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the Common Stock Conversion Consideration immediately prior to the effective time of the Change of Control (the Alternative Conversion Consideration the Common Stock Conversion Consideration or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, whichever shall be applicable to a Change of Control, is referred to as the Conversion Consideration ). 
 (f) If the holders of Class A Common Stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in the Change of Control, the Conversion Consideration in respect of such Change of Control shall be deemed to be the kind and amount of consideration actually received by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between two types of consideration) or holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between more than two types of consideration), as the case may be, and shall be subject to any limitations to which all holders of Class A Common Stock are subject, including, without limitation, pro rata reductions applicable to any portion of the consideration payable in such Change of Control. 
 D-11 

(g) No fractional shares of Class A Common Stock shall be issued upon the conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock in connection with a Change of Control. Instead, holders shall be entitled to receive the cash value of such fractional shares based upon the Common Stock Price used in determining the Common Stock Conversion Consideration for such Change of Control. 
 (h) Within 15 days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, provided that the Corporation has not then exercised its right to redeem all shares of Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5, the Corporation shall provide to holders of Series D Preferred Stock a notice of occurrence of the Change of Control that describes the resulting Change of Control Conversion Right, which notice shall be delivered to the holders of record of the shares of the Series D Preferred Stock in their addresses as they appear on the stock transfer records of the Corporation and shall state (i) the events constituting the Change of Control (ii) the date of the Change of Control (iii) the last date on which the holders of Series D Preferred Stock may exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right (iv) the method and period for calculating the Common Stock Price 
 (v) the Change of Control Conversion Date (vi) that if, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, the Corporation has provided notice of its election to redeem all or any shares of Series D Preferred Stock, holders will not be able to convert the shares of Series D Preferred Stock called for redemption and such shares will be redeemed on the related Redemption Date, even if such shares have already been tendered for conversion pursuant to the Change of Control Conversion Right (vii) if applicable, the type and amount of Alternative Conversion Consideration entitled to be received per share of Series D Preferred Stock (viii) the name and address of the paying agent, transfer agent and conversion agent for the Series D Preferred Stock (ix) the procedures that the holders of Series D Preferred Stock must follow to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right (including procedures for surrendering shares for conversion through the facilities of a Depositary (as defined below)), including the form of conversion notice to be delivered by such holders as described below and (x) the last date on which holders of Series D Preferred Stock may withdraw shares surrendered for conversion and the procedures that such holders must follow to effect such a withdrawal. 
 (i) The Corporation shall also issue a press release containing such notice provided for in Section 7(h) for publication on Dow Jones & Company, Inc., Business Wire, PR Newswire or Bloomberg Business News (or, if these organizations are not in existence at the time of issuance of the press release, such other news or press organization as is reasonably calculated to broadly disseminate the relevant information to the public), and post a notice on its website, in any event prior to the opening of business on the first Business Day following any date on which it provides the notice provided for in Section 7(h) to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock. 
 D-12 

(j) To exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right, the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be required to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the certificate(s), if any, representing the shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer (or, in the case of any shares of Series D Preferred Stock held in book-entry form through a Depositary, to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be converted through the facilities of such Depositary), together with a written conversion notice in the form provided by the Corporation, duly completed, to its transfer agent. The conversion notice must state (i) the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date (ii) the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be converted and (iii) that the Series D Preferred Stock is to be converted pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Series D Preferred Stock. 
 (k) Holders of Series D Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of a Change of Control Conversion Right (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the transfer agent of the Corporation prior to the close of business on the Business Day prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date. The notice of withdrawal delivered by any holder must state (i) the number of withdrawn shares of Series D Preferred Stock (ii) if certificated shares of Series D Preferred Stock have been surrendered for conversion, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn shares of Series D Preferred Stock and (iii) the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock, if any, which remain subject to the holder s conversion notice. 
 (l) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Sections 7(j) and (k), if any shares of Series D Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company DTC or a similar depositary (each, a Depositary ), the conversion notice and or the notice of withdrawal, as applicable, must comply with applicable procedures, if any, of the applicable Depositary. 
 (m) Series D Preferred Stock as to which the Change of Control Conversion Right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion notice has not been properly withdrawn will be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration in accordance with the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date, unless prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date the Corporation has provided notice of its election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5, in which case only the shares of Series D Preferred Stock properly surrendered for conversion and not properly withdrawn that are not called for redemption will be converted as aforesaid. If the Corporation elects to redeem shares of Series D Preferred Stock that would otherwise be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration on a Change of Control Conversion Date, such shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall not be so converted and the holders of such shares shall be entitled to receive on the applicable Redemption Date the Redemption Price as provided in Section 5. 
 (n) The Corporation shall deliver all securities, cash and any other property owing upon conversion no later than the third Business Day following the Change of Control Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the persons entitled to receive any shares of Class A Common Stock or other securities delivered on conversion will be deemed to have become the holders of record thereof as of the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 D-13 

(o) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Series D Preferred Stock, no holder of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert such Series D Preferred Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, as the case may be, to the extent that receipt of such Class A Common Stock or the Alternative Conversion Consideration would cause such holder (or any other person) to exceed the applicable share ownership limitations contained in the Charter or this Articles Supplementary or the governing document of the surviving entity, as the case may be, unless the Corporation provides an exemption from this limitation to such holder pursuant to the Charter and this Articles Supplementary or the governing document of the surviving entity. 
 (p) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and except as otherwise required by law, the persons who are the holders of record of shares of Series D Preferred Stock at the close of business on a Dividend Payment Record Date shall be entitled to receive the dividend payable on the corresponding Dividend Payment Date notwithstanding the conversion of those shares after such Dividend Record Date and on or prior to such Dividend Payment Date and, in such case, the full amount of such dividend shall be paid on such Dividend Payment Date to the persons who were the holders of record at the close of business on such Dividend Record Date. Except as provided in this Section 7(p), the Corporation shall make no allowance for unpaid dividends that are not in arrears on the shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be converted. 
 
 Section 8. Permissible Distributions . In determining whether a distribution (other than upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up), whether by dividend, or upon redemption or other acquisition of shares or otherwise, is permitted under Maryland law, amounts that would be needed, if the Corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of holders of shares of any class or series of stock whose preferential rights upon dissolution are superior or prior to those receiving the distribution shall not be added to the Corporation s total liabilities. 
 
 Section 9. Rankin g. Any class or series of stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank 
 (a) prior to the Series D Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends or as to distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, if the holders of such class or series shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock 
 (b) on a parity with the Series D Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates or redemption or liquidation prices per share thereof be different from those of the Series D Preferred Stock, if the holders of such class or series and the Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in proportion to their respective amounts of accrued and unpaid dividends per share or liquidation preferences, without preference or priority one over the other and 
 D-14 

(c) junior to the Series D Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, if such class or series of stock shall be Common Stock or if the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of such class or series, and such class or series shall not in either case rank prior to the Series D Preferred Stock Junior Shares ). 
 
 As of the date hereof, 2,900,000 authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 14,900,000 authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock, 5,750,000 authorized shares of Series C Preferred Stock, 10,350,000 authorized shares of Series E Preferred Stock, 10,400,000 authorized shares of Series F Preferred Stock, 3,450,000 authorized shares of Series G Preferred Stock and 11,500,000 authorized shares of Series H Preferred Stock rank on a parity with the Series D Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 
 Section 10. Votin g. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Series D Preferred Stock shall not have any relative, participating, optional or other voting rights or powers, and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action. 
 
 If and whenever six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series D Preferred Stock shall be in arrears (which shall, with respect to any such quarterly dividend, mean that any such dividend has not been paid in full), whether or not earned or declared, the number of directors then constituting the Board of Directors shall be increased by two and the holders of Series D Preferred Stock, together with the holders of shares of every series or class of Dividend Parity Stock having like voting rights (shares of any such series or class, including the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock, the Series E Preferred Stock, the Series F Preferred Stock, the Series G Preferred Stock and the Series H Preferred Stock, the Voting Preferred Shares ), voting as a single class regardless of series, shall be entitled to elect two additional directors (the Preferred Directors to serve on the Board of Directors at any annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof, or at a special meeting of the holders of Series D Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares called as hereinafter provided. For the avoidance of doubt, in the election of both Preferred Directors, any outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock, Series F Preferred Stock, Series G Preferred Stock, Series H Preferred Stock and other Voting Preferred Shares shall vote together as a class, and the affirmative vote of a plurality of the votes cast by holders of outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock, Series F Preferred Stock, Series G Preferred Stock, Series H Preferred Stock and other Voting Preferred Shares shall be required to elect a Preferred Director. Whenever all arrears in dividends on the 
 D-15 

Series D Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares then outstanding shall have been paid and full dividends thereon for the current quarterly dividend period shall have been paid or declared and set apart for payment, then the right of the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares to elect such two additional directors shall cease (but subject always to the same provision for the vesting of such voting rights in the case of any similar future arrearages in six quarterly dividends), and the terms of office of the persons elected as director, by the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares shall forthwith terminate and the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall be reduced accordingly. At any time after such voting power shall have been so vested in the holders of shares of Series D Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, the Secretary of the Corporation may, and upon the written request of any holder of Series D Preferred Stock (addressed to the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation) shall, call a special meeting of the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock and of the Voting Preferred Shares for the election of the directors to be elected by them as herein provided, such call to be made by notice similar to that provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation for a special meeting of the stockholders or as required by law. If any such special meeting required to be called as above provided shall not be called by the Secretary within 20 days after receipt of such request, then any holder of Series D Preferred Stock may call such meeting, upon the notice above provided, and for that purpose shall have access to the stock books of the Corporation. The directors elected at any such special meeting shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting held in lieu thereof, and until their successors are duly elected and qualify, and if such office shall not have previously terminated as above provided. If any vacancy shall occur among the directors elected by the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, a successor shall be elected by the Board of Directors to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof, and until their successors are duly elected and qualify, and if such office shall not have previously terminated as provided above. In no event shall the holders of Series D Preferred Stock be entitled pursuant to this Section 10 to elect a director that would cause the Corporation to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director independence of any national securities exchange on which any class or series of the Corporation s stock is listed. 
 
 So long as any shares of Series D Preferred Stock are outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent of stockholders required by the Charter, the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of Series D Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class regardless of series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary for effecting or validating 
 
 (a) Any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the Charter or these Articles Supplementary (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise) that materially and adversely affects the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock or the Voting Preferred Shares provided, however, that (i) the amendment of the provisions of the Charter so as to authorize or create or to increase the authorized amount of, any Junior Shares or any shares of any class or series ranking on a parity 
 D-16 

with the Series D Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up or the Voting Preferred Shares (including any amendment to increase the amount of authorized shares of Series D Preferred Stock) shall not be deemed to materially adversely affect the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of Series D Preferred Stock and (ii) any filing with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland by the Corporation including in connection with a merger, consolidation or otherwise, shall not be deemed to be an amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the Charter or these Articles Supplementary that materially and adversely affects the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, provided that (1) the Corporation is the surviving entity and the Series D Preferred Stock remain outstanding with the terms thereof materially unchanged in any respect adverse to the holders thereof or (2) the resulting, surviving or transferee entity is organized under the laws of any state and substitutes or exchanges the Series D Preferred Stock for other preferred stock, shares or other equity interests having preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption thereof that are substantially similar to that of the Series D Preferred Stock (except for changes that do not materially and adversely affect the holders of Series D Preferred Stock) and provided further , that if any such amendment, alteration or repeal would materially and adversely affect any voting powers, rights or preferences of the Series D Preferred Stock or one or more but not all series of Voting Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, the affirmative vote of at least 
 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all series similarly affected, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class regardless of series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be required in lieu of the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares otherwise entitled to vote in accordance herewith or 
 (b) The authorization or creation of, or the increase in the authorized amount of, any shares of any class or series or any security convertible into shares of any class or series ranking prior to the Series D Preferred Stock in the distribution on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or in the payment of dividends provided, however, that, in the case of each of subparagraphs (a) and (b), no such vote of the holders of Series D Preferred Stock or Voting Preferred Shares, as the case may be, shall be required if, at or prior to the time when such amendment, alteration or repeal is to take effect, or when the issuance of any such prior shares or convertible security is to be made, as the case may be, provision is made for the redemption of all Series D Preferred Stock or Voting Preferred Shares, as the case may be, at the time outstanding in accordance with Section 5 hereof or, in the case of a merger, consolidation or otherwise, regardless of the date of the transaction, the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock receive in the transaction their liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends. 
 
 For purposes of determining the voting rights of the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock under this Section 10, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each Liquidation Preference per share with respect to shares of the Series D Preferred Stock held by such holder. Whether the vote or consent of the holders of a plurality, majority or other portion 
 D-17 

of the shares of the Series D Preferred Stock and any Voting Preferred Shares has been cast or given on any matter on which the holders of shares of the Series D Preferred Stock are entitled to vote shall be determined by the Corporation by reference to the specified liquidation amounts of the shares voted or covered by the consent. 
 
 Section 11. Information R ig hts . During any period in which the Corporation is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act and any shares of Series D Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation will (i) transmit by mail to all holders of Series D Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear in the Corporation s record books and without cost to such holders, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective holder of Series D Preferred Stock. The Corporation will mail the information to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission if the Corporation were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 
 Section 12. Record Holders . The Corporation and the Transfer Agent may deem and treat the record holder of any Series D Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes, and neither the Corporation nor the Transfer Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
 
 Section 13. Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer . The Series D Preferred Stock constitutes Preferred Stock, and Preferred Stock constitutes Capital Stock of the Corporation. Therefore, the Series D Preferred Stock, being Capital Stock, is governed by and issued subject to all the limitations, terms and conditions of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock generally, including but not limited to the terms and conditions (including exceptions and exemptions) of Article VII of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock. The foregoing sentence shall not be construed to limit the applicability to the Series D Preferred Stock of any other term or provision of the Charter. 
 D-18 

EXHIBIT E 
 SERIES E PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 Under a power contained in the charter (the Charter of Colony NorthStar, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), the Board of Directors of the Corporation, classified and designated 10,350,000 shares (the Shares of the Preferred Stock (as defined in the Charter), as shares of 8.75 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share (the Series E Preferred Stock ), with the following preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption set forth below, which upon any restatement of the Charter, shall be deemed to be part of Article VI of the Charter, with any necessary or appropriate changes to the enumeration or lettering of sections or subsections hereof 
 
 8.75 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Per petual Preferred Stock 
 
 Section 1. Number of Shares and Des ig nation . This series of Preferred Stock shall be designated as 8.75 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share (the Series E Preferred Stock ), and 10,350,000 shall be the number of shares of Preferred Stock constituting such series. 
 
 Section 2. Definitions . For purposes of the Series E Preferred Stock, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated Alternative Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (e) of Section 7 hereof. Alternative Form Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (e) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Annual Dividend Rate shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 3 hereof. 
 Board of Directors shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation or any committee authorized by such Board of Directors to perform any of its responsibilities with respect to the Series E Preferred Stock. 
 Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which state or federally chartered banking institutions in New York, New York are not required to be open. 
 Change of Control Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 7 hereof. Change of Control Conversion Right shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 7 hereof. 

Change of Control shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. Charter shall mean the charter of the Corporation. 
 Class A Common Stock shall mean the Class A Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share. 
 Common Stock shall mean, collectively, the Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share, and the Performance Common Stock of the Corporation, par value .01 per share. 
 Common Stock Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 7 hereof. Common Stock Price shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (d) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (e) of Section 7 hereof. Conversion Rate shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 7 hereof. Depository shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (l) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Dividend Parity Stock shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 3 hereof. 
 Dividend Payment Date shall mean February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, of each year, commencing on or about February 15, 2017 provided, however, that if any Dividend Payment Date falls on any day other than a Business Day, the dividend payment due on such Dividend Payment Date shall instead be paid on the first Business Day immediately following such Dividend Payment Date without any adjustment to the amount of the dividend due on that Dividend Payment Date on account of such delay. 
 Dividend Payment Record Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 3 hereof. 
 Dividend Period shall mean a quarterly dividend period commencing on, and including, a Dividend Payment Date and ending on, but excluding, the next succeeding Dividend Payment Date (other than the initial Dividend Period with respect to each share of Series E Preferred Stock, which, (i) for shares of Series E Preferred Stock issued prior to January 11, 2017, shall commence on, and include, November 15, 2016 and end on, but exclude, the first Dividend Payment Date and (ii) for shares of Series E Preferred 
 E-2 

Stock issued on or after January 11, 2017, shall commence on, and include, the Dividend Payment Date with respect to which dividends were actually paid on Series E Preferred Stock that were outstanding immediately preceding the issuance of such Series E Preferred Stock and end on, but exclude, the next succeeding Dividend Payment Date). 
 DTC shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (l) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Exchange Cap shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Junior Shares shall mean the Common Stock and any other class or series of stock of the Corporation constituting junior shares of stock within the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 9 hereof. 
 Liquidation Preference shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 4 hereof. 
 Person shall mean any individual, firm, partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity. 
 Preferred Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10 hereof. Redemption Date shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 5 hereof. Redemption Price shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Securities Exchange Act shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Series A Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series B Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.25 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series C Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series D Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.500 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series E Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1 hereof. 
 Series F Preferred Stock shall mean the 8.50 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 E-3 

Series G Preferred Stock shall mean the 7.50 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Series H Preferred Stock shall mean the 7.125 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share. 
 Set apart for payment shall be deemed to include, without any action other than the following, the recording by the Corporation in its accounting ledgers of any accounting or bookkeeping entry which indicates, pursuant to a declaration of a dividend or other distribution by the Board of Directors, the allocation of funds to be so paid on any series or class of shares of stock of the Corporation. 
 Share Cap shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Share Split shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 7 hereof. 
 Transfer Agent means American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York, or such other agent or agents of the Corporation as may be designated by the Board of Directors or its designee as the transfer agent for the Series E Preferred Stock. 
 Voting Preferred Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10 hereof. Voting Stock shall have the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5 hereof. 
 Section 3. Dividends. (a) The holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation out of assets legally available for that purpose, dividends payable in cash at the rate per annum of 
 2.1875 per share of Series E Preferred Stock (the Annual Dividend Rate (equivalent to a rate of 8.75 of the Liquidation Preference per annum). Such dividends with respect to each share of Series E Preferred Stock issued prior to January 11, 2017 shall be cumulative from, and including, November 15, 2016 and with respect to each share of Series E Preferred Stock issued on or after January 11, 2017 shall be cumulative from, and including, the Dividend Payment Date with respect to which dividends were actually paid on shares of Series E Preferred Stock that were outstanding immediately preceding the issuance of such shares of Series E Preferred Stock, whether or not in any Dividend Period or Periods there shall be assets of the Corporation legally available for the payment of such dividends, and shall be payable quarterly, when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation, in arrears on Dividend Payment Dates, commencing with respect to each share of Series E Preferred Stock on the first Dividend Payment Date following issuance of such shares of Series E Preferred Stock. Dividends are cumulative from the most recent Dividend Payment Date to which dividends have been paid, whether or not in any Dividend Period or Periods there shall be assets legally available therefor. Each such dividend shall be payable in arrears to the holders of 
 E-4 

record of the Series E Preferred Stock, as they appear on the share records of the Corporation at the close of business on such record dates, not more than 30 days preceding the applicable Dividend Payment Date (the Dividend Payment Record Date ), as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. Accrued and unpaid dividends for any past Dividend Periods may be authorized and declared and paid at any time, without reference to any regular Dividend Payment Date, to holders of record on such date, not exceeding 30 days preceding the payment date thereof, as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. 
 (b) The amount of dividends payable for each full Dividend Period for the Series E Preferred Stock shall be computed by dividing the Annual Dividend Rate by four. The amount of dividends payable for the initial Dividend Period, or any other period shorter or longer than a full Dividend Period, on the Series E Preferred Stock shall be computed on the basis of twelve 30-day months and a 360-day year. Holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends, whether payable in cash, property or stock, in excess of cumulative dividends, as herein provided, on the Series E Preferred Stock. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series E Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 
 (c) So long as any shares of Series E Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends, except as described in the immediately following sentence, shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment on any series or class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series E Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends Dividend Parity Stock for any period unless full cumulative dividends have been or contemporaneously are authorized, declared and paid or authorized, declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payment on the Series E Preferred Stock for all past Dividend Periods. When dividends are not paid in full or a sum sufficient for such payment is not set apart, as aforesaid, all dividends authorized and declared upon Series E Preferred Stock and all dividends authorized and declared upon any series or class or classes of Dividend Parity Stock shall be authorized and declared ratably in proportion to the respective amounts of dividends accrued and unpaid on the Series E Preferred Stock and such Dividend Parity Stock. 
 (d) So long as any shares of Series E Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends (other than dividends or distributions paid solely in shares of, or options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase shares of, Junior Shares) shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment or other distribution authorized and declared or made upon Junior Shares, nor shall any Junior Shares be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired (other than (i) a redemption, purchase or other acquisition of Common Stock made for purposes of and in compliance with requirements of an employee incentive or benefit plan of the Corporation or any subsidiary, (ii) pursuant to Article VII of the Charter, (iii) as a result of a reclassification of such Junior Shares for or into other Junior Shares, or (iv) the purchase of fractional interests in Junior Shares pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of any securities convertible into or exchangeable for such Junior Shares), for any consideration (or any monies to be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by the Corporation, directly or indirectly (except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Shares), unless in each case the full cumulative dividends on all outstanding Series E Preferred Stock and any Dividend Parity Stock of the Corporation shall have been paid or set apart for payment for all past Dividend Periods with respect to the Series E Preferred Stock and all past dividend periods with respect to such Dividend Parity Stock. 
 E-5 

Section 4. Liquidation Preference . (a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any payment or distribution of the assets of the Corporation (whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of Junior Shares, the holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive 25.00 per share of the Series E Preferred Stock (the Liquidation Preference plus an amount equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and unpaid thereon to the date of final distribution to such holder but such holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any further payment. If, upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other capital stock of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series E Preferred Stock as to such distribution, then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of such Series E Preferred Stock and any such other stock ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such Series E Preferred Stock and any such other stock if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. For the purposes of this Section 4, (i) a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with one or more entities, (ii) a statutory share exchange and (iii) a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets shall not be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation. 
 (b) Subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series or class or classes of shares of stock ranking on a parity with or prior to the Series E Preferred Stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock, as provided in this Section 4, any series or class or classes of Junior Shares shall, subject to any respective terms and provisions applying thereto, be entitled to receive any and all assets remaining to be paid or distributed, and the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to share therein. 
 
 Section 5. Redemption at the Option of the Corporation . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 7(a), upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Corporation may, at its option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 90 days written notice, redeem the Series E Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption (the Redemption Price provided that, if the Redemption Date is after a Dividend Payment Record Date and prior to the corresponding Dividend Payment Date, no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividend will be included in the Redemption Price and the dividend payments on such Dividend Payment Date shall be made pursuant to Section 5(d). If, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, the Corporation has provided notice of its 
 E-6 

election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series E Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 5, the holders of Series E Preferred Stock will not have the Change of Control Conversion Right (as hereinafter defined) with respect to the shares called for redemption. If the Corporation elects to redeem any shares of Series E Preferred Stock as described in this Section 5(a), it may use any available cash to pay the Redemption Price, and it will not be required to pay the Redemption Price only out of the proceeds from the issuance of other equity securities or any other specific source. A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at such time as (i) (A) the date a person , including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person within the meaning of Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities Exchange Act becomes the ultimate beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all shares of voting stock that such person or group has the right to acquire regardless of when such right is first exercisable), directly or indirectly, of voting stock representing more than 50 of the total voting power of the total voting stock of the Corporation or (B) the date of the consummation of a merger or share exchange of the Corporation with another entity where the Corporation s stockholders immediately prior to the merger or share exchange would not beneficially own, immediately after the merger or share exchange, shares representing 50 or more of all votes (without consideration of the rights of any class of stock to elect directors by a separate group vote) to which all stockholders of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the merger or share exchange would be entitled in the election of directors, or where members of the Board of Directors immediately prior to the merger or share exchange would not immediately after the merger or share exchange constitute a majority of the board of directors of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the merger or share exchange, and (ii) following the closing of any transaction referred to in clause (i), neither the Corporation nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common equity securities (or American Depositary Receipts representing such securities) listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT or the NASDAQ Stock Market, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to any such securities exchange. Voting Stock shall mean stock of any class or kind having the power to vote generally in the election of directors. Any redemption pursuant to this Section 5(a) shall follow generally the procedures set forth in the second paragraph of Section 5(c). 
 (b) Except as otherwise permitted by the Charter and paragraph (a) above, the Series E Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable by the Corporation prior to May 15, 2019. On and after May 15, 2019, the Corporation, at its option, may redeem the shares of Series E Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, as set forth herein, subject to the provisions described below. 
 
 (c) On and after May 15, 2019, the Series E Preferred Stock shall be redeemable at the option of the Corporation, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at the Redemption Price. Each date on which Series E Preferred Stock are to be redeemed (a Redemption Date shall be selected by the Corporation, shall be specified in the notice of redemption and shall not be less than 30 days or more than 90 days after the date on which the Corporation gives, or causes to be given, notice of redemption by mail pursuant to the next paragraph. 
 E-7 

A notice of redemption (which may be contingent on the occurrence of a future event) shall be mailed, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 90 days prior to the Redemption Date, addressed to the respective holders of record of the Series E Preferred Stock at their respective addresses as they appear on the Corporation s share transfer records. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any Series E Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given (unless such a holder elects to tender such holder s shares). Each notice shall state (i) the Redemption Date (ii) the Redemption Price (iii) the number of shares of Series E Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares of Series E Preferred Stock held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares of Series E Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder (iv) the place or places where the certificates representing the shares of Series E Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price, if any of such shares are certificated (v) that distributions on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such Redemption Date except as otherwise provided herein and (vi) if such redemption is being made in connection with a Change of Control, that the holders of the shares of Series E Preferred Stock being so called for redemption will not be able to tender such shares of Series E Preferred Stock for conversion in connection with the Change of Control and that each share of Series E Preferred Stock tendered for conversion that is called, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined below), for redemption will be redeemed on the related date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no notice of redemption will be required where the Corporation elects to redeem Series E Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5(b) and Article VII of the Charter to preserve its REIT qualification for federal income tax purposes. 
 (d) If the Redemption Date falls after a Dividend Payment Record Date and prior to the corresponding Dividend Payment Date, then each holder of Series E Preferred Stock at the close of business on such Dividend Payment Record Date shall be entitled to the dividend payable on such Series E Preferred Stock on the corresponding Dividend Payment Date notwithstanding the redemption of such Series E Preferred Stock before such Dividend Payment Date. Except as provided in calculating the Redemption Price and in this Section 5(d), the Corporation shall make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on Series E Preferred Stock called for redemption. 
 (e) If full cumulative dividends for all past dividend periods on the Series E Preferred Stock and any series or class or classes of Dividend Parity Stock have not been paid or declared and set apart for payment, except as otherwise permitted under the Charter, the Series E Preferred Stock may not be redeemed in part and the Corporation may not purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Series E Preferred Stock or any capital stock of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series E Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, other than in exchange for Junior Shares. 
 (f) Notice having been mailed as aforesaid, from and after the Redemption Date (unless the Corporation shall fail to make available the amount of cash necessary to effect such redemption), (i) except as otherwise provided herein, dividends on the shares of Series E Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall cease to accrue, (ii) said shares shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding, and (iii) all rights of the holders thereof as holders of Series E 
 E-8 

Preferred Stock of the Corporation shall cease (except the rights to receive the cash payable upon such redemption, without interest thereon, upon surrender and endorsement of their certificates if so required and to receive any dividends payable thereon). The Corporation s obligation to provide cash in accordance with the preceding sentence shall be deemed fulfilled if, on or before the Redemption Date, the Corporation shall deposit with a bank or trust company (which may be an affiliate of the Corporation) that has an office in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, or in Baltimore, Maryland and that has, or is an affiliate of a bank or trust company that has, a capital and surplus of at least 50,000,000, the cash necessary for such redemption, in trust, with irrevocable instructions that such cash be applied to the redemption of the Series E Preferred Stock so called for redemption. No interest shall accrue for the benefit of the holder of Series E Preferred Stock to be redeemed on any cash so set aside by the Corporation. Subject to applicable escheat laws, any such cash unclaimed at the end of two years from the Redemption Date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation, after which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall look only to the general funds of the Corporation for the payment of such cash. 
 As promptly as practicable after the surrender in accordance with said notice of the certificates for any such shares of Series E Preferred Stock so redeemed (properly endorsed or assigned for transfer, if the Corporation shall so require and if the notice shall so state), such shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall be exchanged for the cash (without interest thereon) for which such shares of Series E Preferred Stock have been redeemed. If fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares of Series E Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall be selected by the Corporation from the outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock not previously called for redemption by lot or pro rata (as nearly as may be possible). If fewer than all the shares of Series E Preferred Stock represented by any certificate are redeemed, then new certificates representing the unredeemed shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall be issued without cost to the holder thereof. 
 
 Section 6. Reacquired Shares to Be Retired . All shares of Series E Preferred Stock that have been issued and reacquired in any manner by the Corporation shall be restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, without designation as to series. 
 
 Section 7. Conversion R ig hts . Except as provided in this Section 7, the Series E Preferred Stock are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other property or securities of the Corporation at the option of any holder of Series E Preferred Stock. 
 (a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series E Preferred Stock shall have the right (unless, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, the Corporation has provided notice of its election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series E Preferred Stock held by such holder pursuant to Section 5, in which case such holder will have the right only with respect to shares of Series E Preferred Stock that are not called for redemption) to convert each of the Series E Preferred Stock held by such holder (the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock (the Common Stock Conversion Consideration equal to the lesser of (i) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the sum of the Liquidation Preference per share of Series E Preferred Stock plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon 
 E-9 

to, but not including, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a Dividend Payment Record Date and prior to the corresponding Dividend Payment Date for the Series E Preferred Stock, in which case no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividends shall be included in this sum) by (y) the Common Stock Price (as defined below) (such quotient, the Conversion Rate and (ii) 3.5403 (the Share Cap ), subject to adjustments provided in Section 7(b) below. 
 (b) The Share Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any share splits (including those effected pursuant to a distribution of Class A Common Stock to existing holders of Class A Common Stock), subdivisions or combinations (in each case, a Share Split with respect to Class A Common Stock as follows the adjusted Share Cap as the result of a Share Split will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is equivalent to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Share Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock (or equivalent Alternative 
 Conversion Consideration (as defined below), as applicable) issuable or deliverable, as applicable, in connection with the exercise of the Change of Control Conversion Right shall not exceed the product of the Share Cap times the aggregate number of shares of the Series E Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the Change of Control Conversion Date (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable) (the Exchange Cap ). The Exchange Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any Share Splits on the same basis as the corresponding adjustment to the Share Cap. 
 (c) The Change of Control Conversion Date is the date the Series E Preferred Stock is to be converted, which shall be a Business Day selected by the Corporation that is no fewer than 20 days nor more than 35 days after the date on which it provides the notice described in Section 7(h) to the holders of Series E Preferred Stock. 
 
 (d) The Common Stock Price is (i) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by the holders of Class A Common Stock is solely cash, the amount of cash consideration per share of Class A Common Stock or (ii) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of Class A Common Stock is other than solely cash (x) the average of the closing sale prices per share of Class A Common Stock (or, if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the closing bid and ask prices per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average closing bid and the average closing ask prices per share) for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred as reported on the principal U.S. securities exchange on which Class A Common Stock is then traded, or (y) the average of the last quoted bid prices for Class A Common Stock in the over-the-counter market as reported by Pink OTC Markets Inc. or similar organization for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred, if Class A Common Stock is not then listed for trading on a U.S. securities exchange. 
 E-10 

(e) In the case of a Change of Control pursuant to which Class A Common Stock is or will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof) (the Alternative Form Consideration ), a holder of Series E Preferred Stock shall receive upon conversion of such Series E Preferred Stock the kind and amount of Alternative Form Consideration which such holder would have owned or been entitled to receive upon the Change of Control had such holder held a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the Common Stock Conversion Consideration immediately prior to the effective time of the Change of Control (the Alternative Conversion Consideration the Common Stock Conversion Consideration or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, whichever shall be applicable to a Change of Control, is referred to as the Conversion Consideration ). 
 (f) If the holders of Class A Common Stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in the Change of Control, the Conversion Consideration in respect of such Change of Control shall be deemed to be the kind and amount of consideration actually received by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between two types of consideration) or holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between more than two types of consideration), as the case may be, and shall be subject to any limitations to which all holders of Class A Common Stock are subject, including, without limitation, pro rata reductions applicable to any portion of the consideration payable in such Change of Control. 
 (g) No fractional shares of Class A Common Stock shall be issued upon the conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock in connection with a Change of Control. Instead, holders shall be entitled to receive the cash value of such fractional shares based upon the Common Stock Price used in determining the Common Stock Conversion Consideration for such Change of Control. 
 
 (h) Within 15 days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, provided that the Corporation has not then exercised its right to redeem all shares of Series E Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5, the Corporation shall provide to holders of Series E Preferred Stock a notice of occurrence of the Change of Control that describes the resulting Change of Control Conversion Right, which notice shall be delivered to the holders of record of the shares of the Series E Preferred Stock in their addresses as they appear on the stock transfer records of the Corporation and shall state (i) the events constituting the Change of Control (ii) the date of the Change of Control (iii) the last date on which the holders of Series E Preferred Stock may exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right (iv) the method and period for calculating the Common Stock Price 
 (v) the Change of Control Conversion Date (vi) that if, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, the Corporation has provided notice of its election to redeem all or any shares of Series E Preferred Stock, holders will not be able to convert the shares of Series E Preferred Stock called for redemption and such shares will be redeemed on the related Redemption Date, even if such shares have already been tendered for conversion pursuant to the Change of Control Conversion Right (vii) if applicable, the type and amount of Alternative Conversion Consideration entitled to be received per share of Series E Preferred Stock (viii) the name and address of the paying agent, transfer agent and conversion agent for the Series E Preferred Stock (ix) the procedures that the holders of Series E Preferred Stock 
 E-11 

must follow to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right (including procedures for surrendering shares for conversion through the facilities of a Depositary (as defined below)), including the form of conversion notice to be delivered by such holders as described below and (x) the last date on which holders of Series E Preferred Stock may withdraw shares surrendered for conversion and the procedures that such holders must follow to effect such a withdrawal. 
 (i) The Corporation shall also issue a press release containing such notice provided for in Section 7(h) for publication on Dow Jones & Company, Inc., Business Wire, PR Newswire or Bloomberg Business News (or, if these organizations are not in existence at the time of issuance of the press release, such other news or press organization as is reasonably calculated to broadly disseminate the relevant information to the public), and post a notice on its website, in any event prior to the opening of business on the first Business Day following any date on which it provides the notice provided for in Section 7(h) to the holders of Series E Preferred Stock. 
 (j) To exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right, the holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall be required to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the certificate(s), if any, representing the shares of Series E Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer (or, in the case of any shares of Series E Preferred Stock held in book-entry form through a Depositary, to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the shares of Series E Preferred Stock to be converted through the facilities of such Depositary), together with a written conversion notice in the form provided by the Corporation, duly completed, to its transfer agent. The conversion notice must state (i) the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date (ii) the number of shares of Series E Preferred Stock to be converted and (iii) that the shares of Series E Preferred Stock are to be converted pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Series E Preferred Stock. 
 (k) Holders of Series E Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of a Change of Control Conversion Right (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the transfer agent of the Corporation prior to the close of business on the Business Day prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date. The notice of withdrawal delivered by any holder must state (i) the number of withdrawn shares of Series E Preferred Stock (ii) if certificated shares of Series E Preferred Stock have been surrendered for conversion, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn shares of Series E Preferred Stock and (iii) the number of shares of Series E Preferred Stock, if any, which remain subject to the holder s conversion notice. 
 (l) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Sections 7(j) and (k), if any shares of Series E Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company DTC or a similar depositary (each, a Depositary ), the conversion notice and or the notice of withdrawal, as applicable, must comply with applicable procedures, if any, of DTC or the applicable Depositary. 
 E-12 

(m) Series E Preferred Stock as to which the Change of Control Conversion Right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion notice has not been properly withdrawn will be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration in accordance with the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date, unless prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date the Corporation has provided notice of its election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series E Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5, in which case only the shares of Series E Preferred Stock properly surrendered for conversion and not properly withdrawn that are not called for redemption will be converted as aforesaid. If the Corporation elects to redeem shares of Series E Preferred Stock that would otherwise be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration on a Change of Control Conversion Date, such shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall not be so converted and the holders of such shares shall be entitled to receive on the applicable Redemption Date the Redemption Price as provided in Section 5. 
 (n) The Corporation shall deliver all securities, cash and any other property owing upon conversion no later than the third Business Day following the Change of Control Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the persons entitled to receive any shares of Class A Common Stock or other securities delivered on conversion will be deemed to have become the holders of record thereof as of the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 (o) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Series E Preferred Stock, no holder of Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert such Series E Preferred Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, as the case may be, to the extent that receipt of such Class A Common Stock or the Alternative Conversion Consideration would cause such holder (or any other person) to exceed the applicable share ownership limitations contained in the Charter or this Articles Supplementary or the governing document of the surviving entity, as the case may be, unless the Corporation provides an exemption from this limitation to such holder pursuant to the Charter and this Articles Supplementary or the surviving entity provides an exemption pursuant to the governing document of the surviving entity. 
 (p) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and except as otherwise required by law, the persons who are the holders of record of shares of Series E Preferred Stock at the close of business on a Dividend Payment Record Date shall be entitled to receive the dividend payable on the corresponding Dividend Payment Date notwithstanding the conversion of those shares after such Dividend Record Date and on or prior to such Dividend Payment Date and, in such case, the full amount of such dividend shall be paid on such Dividend Payment Date to the persons who were the holders of record at the close of business on such Dividend Record Date. Except as provided in this Section 7(p), the Corporation shall make no allowance for unpaid dividends that are not in arrears on the shares of Series E Preferred Stock to be converted. 
 
 Section 8. Permissible Distributions . In determining whether a distribution (other than upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up), whether by dividend, or upon redemption or other acquisition of shares or otherwise, is permitted under Maryland law, amounts that would be needed, if the Corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of holders of shares of any class or series of stock whose preferential rights upon dissolution are superior or prior to those receiving the distribution shall not be added to the Corporation s total liabilities. 
 E-13 

Section 9. Rankin g. Any class or series of stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank 
 (a) prior to the Series E Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends or as to distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, if the holders of such class or series shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of Series E Preferred Stock 
 
 (b) on a parity with the Series E Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates or redemption or liquidation prices per share thereof be different from those of the Series E Preferred Stock, if the holders of such class or series and the Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in proportion to their respective amounts of accrued and unpaid dividends per share or liquidation preferences, without preference or priority one over the other and 
 (c) junior to the Series E Preferred Stock, as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, if such class or series of stock shall be Common Stock or if the holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of such class or series, and such class or series shall not in either case rank prior to the Series E Preferred Stock Junior Shares ). 
 
 As of the date hereof, 2,900,000 authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 14,900,000 authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock, 5,750,000 authorized shares of Series C Preferred Stock, 8,050,000 authorized shares of Series D Preferred Stock, 10,400,000 authorized shares of Series F Preferred Stock, 3,450,000 authorized shares of Series G Preferred Stock and 11,500,000 authorized shares of Series H Preferred Stock rank on a parity with the Series E Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 
 Section 10. Votin g. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Series E Preferred Stock shall not have any relative, participating, optional or other voting rights or powers, and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action. 
 
 If and whenever six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series E Preferred Stock are in arrears (which shall, with respect to any such quarterly dividend, mean that any such dividend has not been paid in full), whether or not earned or declared, the number of directors then constituting the Board of Directors shall be increased by two and the holders of Series E Preferred Stock, together with the holders of shares of every series or class of Dividend Parity Stock having like voting rights (shares of any such series or class, including the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock, the Series D Preferred Stock, the Series F Preferred Stock, the Series G Preferred Stock and the Series H Preferred Stock, the Voting Preferred Shares ), voting as a single class regardless of series, will have the right to elect two additional directors (the Preferred Directors to serve on the Board of Directors at any annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof, or at a special meeting of the holders of Series E Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares called as hereinafter provided. For the avoidance of doubt, in 
 E-14 

the election of both Preferred Directors, any outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series F Preferred Stock, Series G Preferred Stock, Series H Preferred Stock and other Voting Preferred Shares shall vote together as a class, and the affirmative vote of a plurality of the votes cast by holders of outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series F Preferred Stock, Series G Preferred Stock, Series H Preferred Stock and other Voting Preferred Shares shall be required to elect a Preferred Director. Whenever all arrears in dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares then outstanding shall have been paid and full dividends thereon for the current quarterly dividend period shall have been paid or declared and set apart for payment, then the right of the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares to elect such two additional directors shall cease (but subject always to the same provision for the vesting of such voting rights in the case of any similar future arrearages in six quarterly dividends), and the terms of office of the persons elected as director, by the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares shall forthwith terminate and the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall be reduced accordingly. At any time after such voting power shall have been so vested in the holders of shares of Series E Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, the Secretary of the Corporation may, and upon the written request of any holder of Series E Preferred Stock (addressed to the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation) shall, call a special meeting of the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock and of the Voting Preferred Shares for the election of the directors to be elected by them as herein provided, such call to be made by notice similar to that provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation for a special meeting of the stockholders or as required by law. If any such special meeting required to be called as above provided shall not be called by the Secretary within 20 days after receipt of such request, then any holder of Series E Preferred Stock may call such meeting, upon the notice above provided, and for that purpose shall have access to the stock books of the Corporation. The directors elected at any such special meeting shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting held in lieu thereof, and until their successors are duly elected and qualify, and if such office shall not have previously terminated as above provided. If any vacancy shall occur among the directors elected by the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, a successor shall be elected by the Board of Directors to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof, and until their successors are duly elected and qualify, and if such office shall not have previously terminated as provided above. In no event shall the holders of Series E Preferred Stock be entitled pursuant to this Section 10 to elect a director that would cause the Corporation to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director independence of any national securities exchange on which any class or series of the Corporation s stock is listed. 
 
 So long as any shares of Series E Preferred Stock are outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent of stockholders required by the Charter, the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of Series E Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class regardless of series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary for effecting or validating 
 E-15 

(a) Any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the Charter or these Articles Supplementary (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise) that materially and adversely affects the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock or the Voting Preferred Shares provided, however, that (i) the amendment of the provisions of the Charter so as to authorize or create or to increase the authorized amount of, any Junior Shares or any shares of any class or series ranking on a parity with the Series E Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up or the Voting Preferred Shares (including any amendment to increase the amount of authorized shares of Series E Preferred Stock) shall not be deemed to materially adversely affect the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of Series E Preferred Stock and (ii) any filing with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland by the Corporation including in connection with a merger, consolidation or otherwise, shall not be deemed to be an amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the Charter or these Articles Supplementary that materially and adversely affects the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock, provided that (1) the Corporation is the surviving entity and the Series E Preferred Stock remain outstanding with the terms thereof materially unchanged in any respect adverse to the holders thereof or (2) the resulting, surviving or transferee entity is organized under the laws of any state and substitutes or exchanges the Series E Preferred Stock for other preferred stock, shares or other equity interests having preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption thereof that are substantially similar to that of the Series E Preferred Stock (except for changes that do not materially and adversely affect the holders of Series E Preferred Stock) and provided further , that if any such amendment, alteration or repeal would materially and adversely affect any voting powers, rights or preferences of the Series E Preferred Stock or one or more but not all series of Voting Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all series similarly affected, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class regardless of series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be required in lieu of the affirmative vote of at least 
 66-2 3 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Shares otherwise entitled to vote in 
 accordance herewith or 
 (b) The authorization or creation of, or the increase in the authorized amount of, any shares of any class or series or any security convertible into shares of any class or series ranking prior to the Series E Preferred Stock in the distribution on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or in the payment of dividends provided, however, that, in the case of each of subparagraphs (a) and (b), no such vote of the holders of Series E Preferred Stock or Voting Preferred Shares, as the case may be, shall be required if, at or prior to the time when such amendment, alteration or repeal is to take effect, or when the issuance of any such prior shares or convertible security is to be made, as the case may be, provision is made for the redemption of all Series E Preferred Stock or Voting Preferred Shares, as the case may be, at the time outstanding in accordance with Section 5 hereof or, in the case of a merger, consolidation or otherwise, regardless of the date of the transaction, the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock receive in the transaction their liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends. 
 E-16 

For purposes of determining the voting rights of the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock under this Section 10, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each Liquidation Preference per share with respect to shares of the Series E Preferred Stock held by such holder. Whether the vote or consent of the holders of a plurality, majority or other portion of the shares of the Series E Preferred Stock and any Voting Preferred Shares has been cast or given on any matter on which the holders of shares of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to vote shall be determined by the Corporation by reference to the specified liquidation amounts of the shares voted or covered by the consent. 
 
 Section 11. Information R ig hts . During any period in which the Corporation is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act and any shares of Series E Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation will (i) transmit by mail to all holders of Series E Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear in the Corporation s record books and without cost to such holders, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective holder of Series E Preferred Stock. The Corporation will mail the information to the holders of Series E Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission if the Corporation were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 
 Section 12. Record Holders . The Corporation and the Transfer Agent may deem and treat the record holder of any Series E Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes, and neither the Corporation nor the Transfer Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
 
 Section 13. Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer . The Series E Preferred Stock constitutes Preferred Stock, and Preferred Stock constitutes Capital Stock of the Corporation. Therefore, the Series E Preferred Stock, being Capital Stock, is governed by and issued subject to all the limitations, terms and conditions of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock generally, including but not limited to the terms and conditions (including exceptions and exemptions) of Article VII of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock. The foregoing sentence shall not be construed to limit the applicability to the Series E Preferred Stock of any other term or provision of the Charter. 
 E-17 

EXHIBIT F 
 SERIES F PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 Under a power contained in the charter (the Charter of Colony NorthStar, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board classified and designated 10,400,000 shares of the Preferred Stock (as defined in the Charter), as shares of 8.50 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, with the following preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption set forth below, which upon any restatement of the Charter, shall be deemed to be part of Article VI of the Charter, with any necessary or appropriate changes to the enumeration or lettering of sections or subsections hereof 
 8.50 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Per petual Preferred Stock 
 
 (1) Designation and Number . A series of Preferred Stock, designated as the 8.50 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series F Preferred Stock ), is hereby established. The par value of the Series F Preferred Stock is 0.01 per share. The number of shares of the Series F Preferred Stock shall be 10,400,000. 
 
 (2) Ranking . The Series F Preferred Stock will, with respect to rights to receive dividends and to participate in distributions or payments upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, rank (a) senior to the Common Stock (as defined in the Charter) and any other class of capital stock of the Corporation, now or hereafter issued and outstanding, the terms of which provide that such capital stock ranks, as to the payment of dividends or amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, junior to such Series F Preferred Stock Junior Stock ), (b) on a parity with the 8.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, the 8.25 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, the 8.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, the 8.500 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, the 8.75 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share, the 7.50 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, and the 7.125 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, and any equity securities the Corporation may authorize or issue in the future that, pursuant to the terms thereof, rank on parity with the Series F Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation Parity Stock and 
 (c) junior to any equity securities the Corporation may authorize or issue in the future that, pursuant to the terms thereof, rank senior to the Series F Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation Senior Stock ). Any authorization or issuance of Senior Stock would require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 
 two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock voting together as a single class with all other classes or series of Parity Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. Any convertible or exchangeable debt securities that the Corporation may issue are not considered to be equity securities for these purposes. 

(3) Dividends . 
 (a) Holders of the then outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by the Board and declared by the Corporation, out of funds legally available for payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 8.50 per annum of the 25.00 liquidation preference of each share of Series F Preferred Stock (equivalent to 2.125 per annum per share). 
 (b) Dividends on each outstanding share of Series F Preferred Stock shall be cumulative from and including January 15, 2017 and shall be payable (i) for the period from January 15, 2017 to April 14, 2017, on April 15, 2017, and (ii) for each quarterly distribution period thereafter, quarterly in equal amounts in arrears on the 15th day of each January, April, July and October, commencing on July 15, 2017 (each such day being hereinafter called a Series F Dividend Payment Date at the then applicable annual rate provided, however, that if any Series F Dividend Payment Date falls on any day other than a Business Day (as hereinafter defined), the dividend that would otherwise have been payable on such Series F Dividend Payment Date may be paid on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if paid on such Series F Dividend Payment Date, and no interest or other sums shall accrue on the amount so payable from such Series F Dividend Payment Date to such next succeeding Business Day. Each dividend is payable to holders of record as they appear on the stock records of the Corporation at the close of business on the record date, not exceeding 30 days preceding the applicable Series F Dividend Payment Date, as shall be fixed by the Board. Dividends shall accumulate from January 15, 2017 or the most recent Series F Dividend Payment Date to which full cumulative dividends have been paid, whether or not in any such dividend period or periods there shall be funds legally available for the payment of such dividends, whether the Corporation has earnings or whether such dividends are authorized. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series F Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. Holders of the Series F Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends, whether payable in cash, property or stock, in excess of full cumulative dividends, as herein provided, on the Series F Preferred Stock. Dividends payable on the Series F Preferred Stock for any period greater or less than a full dividend period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends payable on the Series F Preferred Stock for each full dividend period will be computed by dividing the applicable annual dividend rate by four. After full cumulative distributions on the Series F Preferred Stock have been paid, the holders of Series F Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further distributions with respect to that dividend period. 
 (c) So long as any shares of Series F Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends, except as described in the immediately following sentence, shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment on any series or class or classes of Parity Stock for any period unless full cumulative dividends have been declared and paid or are contemporaneously declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payment on the Series F Preferred Stock for all prior dividend periods. When dividends are not paid in full or a sum sufficient for such payment is not set apart, as aforesaid, all dividends authorized and declared upon the Series F Preferred Stock and all dividends authorized and declared upon any other series or class or classes of Parity Stock shall be authorized and declared ratably in proportion to the respective amounts of dividends accumulated and unpaid on the Series F Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock. 
 F-2 

(d) So long as any shares of Series F Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends (other than dividends or distributions paid solely in Junior Stock of, or in options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase, Junior Stock) shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment or other distribution authorized and declared or made upon Junior Stock, nor shall any Junior Stock be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired (other than a redemption, purchase or other acquisition of Common Stock made for purposes of and in compliance with requirements of an employee incentive or benefit plan of the Corporation or any subsidiary, or a conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock or redemptions for the purpose of preserving the Corporation s qualification as a REIT (as defined in the Charter)), for any consideration (or any monies to be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by the Corporation, directly or indirectly (except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock), unless in each case full cumulative dividends on all outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock and any Parity Stock at the time such dividends are payable shall have been paid or set apart for payment for all past dividend periods with respect to the Series F Preferred Stock and all past dividend periods with respect to such Parity Stock. 
 (e) Any dividend payment made on the Series F Preferred Stock, including any capital gains dividends, shall first be credited against the earliest accrued but unpaid dividend due with respect to such shares which remains payable. 
 (f) Except as provided herein, the Series F Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in the earnings or assets of the Corporation. 
 (g) As used herein, the term Business Day shall mean any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. 
 (h) As used herein, the term dividend does not include dividends payable solely in shares of Junior Stock on Junior Stock, or in options, warrants or rights to holders of Junior Stock to subscribe for or purchase any Junior Stock. 
 
 (4) Liquidation Preference . 
 (a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any payment or distribution of the assets of the Corporation shall be made to or set apart for the holders of Junior Stock, the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive 25.00 per share (the Liquidation Preference plus an amount per share equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not earned or declared) thereon to, but not including, the date of final distribution to such holders but such holders of the Series F Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any further payment. If, upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other Parity Stock, then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall be 
 F-3 

distributed among the holders of such Series F Preferred Stock and any such other Parity Stock ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such Series F Preferred Stock and any such other Parity Stock if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. For the purposes of this Section 4, none of (i) a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with one or more entities, (ii) a statutory stock exchange by the Corporation or (iii) a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets shall be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation. 
 (b) Until payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock, as provided in this Section 4, and to the holders of Parity Stock, subject to any terms and provisions applying thereto, no payment will be made to any holder of Junior Stock upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. Subject to the rights of the holders of Parity Stock, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock, as provided in this Section 4, any series or class or classes of Junior Stock shall, subject to any respective terms and provisions applying thereto, be entitled to receive any and all assets remaining to be paid or distributed, and the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to share therein. 
 
 (5) Optional Redemption . 
 (a) Except as otherwise permitted by the Charter and paragraph (b) below, the Series F Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable by the Corporation prior to March 20, 2017. On and after March 20, 2017, the Corporation, at its option, upon giving notice as provided below, may redeem the Series F Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock (whether or not declared), to, but not including, the redemption date (the Regular Redemption Right ). 
 (b) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined herein), the Corporation will have the option, upon giving notice as provided below, to redeem the Series F Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, within 120 days after the first date on which the Change of Control has occurred (the Special Redemption Right ), for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock (whether or not declared), to, but not including, the redemption date (the Special Redemption Price ). If the Corporation exercises its Special Redemption Right in connection with a Change of Control, holders of Series F Preferred Stock will not be permitted to exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right (as defined herein) in respect of any shares of Series F Preferred Stock that have been called for redemption, and any shares of Series F Preferred Stock subsequently called for redemption that have been tendered for conversion will be redeemed on the applicable date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined herein). Any partial redemption will be selected by lot or pro rata or by any other equitable method the Corporation may choose (including by electing to exercise the Special Redemption Right only with respect to shares of Series F Preferred Stock for which holders have exercised their Change of Control Conversion Right). 
 F-4 

A Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred at such time after the original issuance of the Series F Preferred Stock when the following has occurred 
 (i) the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of shares of the Corporation entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in elections of directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition) and 
 (ii) following the closing of any transaction referred to in clause (i) above, neither the Corporation nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities or American Depositary Receipts listed on the NYSE, the NYSE Amex Equities, or NYSE Amex, or NASDAQ, or listed on an exchange that is a successor to the NYSE, NYSE Amex or NASDAQ. 
 (c) The following provisions set forth the general procedures for redemption applicable to redemptions pursuant to the Regular Redemption Right and the Special Redemption Right 
 (i) Upon any redemption date applicable to Series F Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall pay on each share of Series F Preferred Stock to be redeemed any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared), in arrears, for any dividend period ending on or prior to the redemption date. If a redemption date falls after a record date for a Series F Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series F Dividend Payment Date, then each holder of the Series F Preferred Stock at the close of business on such record date shall be entitled to the dividend payable on such Series F Preferred Stock on the corresponding Series F Dividend Payment Date notwithstanding the redemption of such Series F Preferred Stock prior to such Series F Dividend Payment Date. Except as provided above, the Corporation shall make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on any shares of Series F Preferred Stock called for redemption. 
 (ii) If full cumulative dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock and any class or classes of Parity Stock have not been paid or declared and set apart for payment, the Corporation may not purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Series F Preferred Stock in part or any Parity Stock other than in exchange for Junior Stock provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent the purchase by the Corporation of shares held in excess of the limits set forth in the Charter in order to ensure that the Corporation continues to meet the requirements for qualification as a REIT. 
 (iii) On and after the date fixed for redemption, provided that the Corporation has made available at the office of the registrar and transfer agent a sufficient amount of cash to effect the redemption, dividends will cease to accrue on the shares of Series F Preferred Stock called for redemption (except that, in the case of a redemption date after a dividend payment record date and prior to the related Series F Dividend Payment Date, holders of Series F Preferred Stock on the applicable dividend payment record date will be entitled on such Series F Dividend Payment Date to receive the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding Series F Dividend Payment Date), such shares shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares as holders of Series F Preferred Stock shall cease except the right to receive the cash payable upon such redemption, without interest from the date of such redemption. 
 F-5 

(d) The following provisions set forth the procedures for redemption, in addition to those general procedures set forth in Section 5(c) hereof, pursuant to the Regular Redemption Right. 
 (i) A notice of redemption (which may be contingent upon the occurrence of a future event) shall be mailed, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, addressed to the holders of record of the Series F Preferred Stock at their addresses as they appear on the Corporation s stock transfer records. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any shares of the Series F Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. In addition to any information required by law or by the applicable rules of any exchange upon which the Series F Preferred Stock may be listed or admitted to trading, each notice shall state (A) the redemption date 
 (B) the redemption price (C) the number of shares of Series F Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares of Series F Preferred Stock held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares of Series F Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder (D) the place or places where the certificates, if any, evidencing the shares of Series F Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and (E) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such redemption date except as otherwise provided herein. 
 (ii) If fewer than all the outstanding shares of the Series F Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata (as nearly as practicable without creating fractional shares) or by any other equitable method the Corporation may choose. 
 (iii) At its election, the Corporation, prior to a redemption date, may irrevocably deposit the redemption price (including accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date) of the Series F Preferred Stock so called for redemption in trust for the holders thereof with a bank or trust company, in which case the redemption notice to holders of the Series F Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall (A) state the date of such deposit, (B) specify the office of such bank or trust company as the place of payment of the redemption price and (C) require such holders to surrender the certificates evidencing such shares at such place on or about the date fixed in such redemption notice (which may not be later than the redemption date) against payment of the redemption price (including all accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date). Subject to applicable escheat laws, any monies so deposited which remain unclaimed by the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock at the end of two years after the redemption date shall be returned by such bank or trust company to the Corporation. 
 (e) The following provisions set forth the procedures for redemption, in addition to those general procedures set forth in Section 5(c) hereof, pursuant to the Special Redemption Right. 
 F-6 

(i) A notice of special optional redemption will be mailed, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, addressed to the holders of record of the Series F Preferred Stock at their addresses as they appear on the Corporation s stock transfer records. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing will not affect the validity of the proceedings for the special optional redemption of the shares of Series F Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. Each notice will state (A) the redemption date (B) the redemption price (C) the number of shares of Series F Preferred Stock to be redeemed (D) the place or places where the certificates, if any, evidencing the shares of Series F Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment (E) that the shares of Series F Preferred Stock are being redeemed pursuant to the Corporation s special optional redemption right in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control and a brief description of the transaction or transactions constituting such Change of Control (F) that the holders of shares of Series F Preferred Stock to which the notice relates will not be able to tender such shares of Series F Preferred Stock for conversion in connection with the Change of Control and each share of Series F Preferred Stock tendered for conversion that is selected for redemption, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, will be redeemed on the related date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date and (G) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such redemption date except as otherwise provided herein. 
 (ii) If fewer than all the shares of Series F Preferred Stock held by any holder are to be redeemed, the notice mailed to such holder will also specify the number of shares of Series F Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder. If fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata or by any other equitable method the Corporation may choose (including by electing to exercise the Special Redemption Right only with respect to shares of Series F Preferred Stock for which holders have exercised their Change of Control Conversion Right). 
 (iii) On and after the date fixed for redemption, provided that the Corporation has given a notice of redemption and has paid or set aside sufficient funds for the redemption in trust for the benefit of the holders of shares of Series F Preferred Stock called for redemption, those shares of Series F Preferred Stock will be treated as no longer being outstanding, no further dividends will accrue on the share of Series F Preferred Stock called for redemption and all other rights of the holders of those shares of Series F Preferred Stock will terminate (except that, in the case of a redemption date after a dividend payment record date and prior to the related Series F Dividend Payment Date, holders of Series F Preferred Stock on the applicable record date will be entitled on such Series F Dividend Payment Date to receive the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding Series F Dividend Payment Date). The holders of those shares of Series F Preferred Stock will retain their right to receive the redemption price for their shares and any accrued and unpaid dividends to (but not including) the redemption date, without interest from the date of such redemption. 
 F-7 

(iv) At its election, the Corporation, prior to a redemption date, may irrevocably deposit the redemption price (including accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date) of the Series F Preferred Stock so called for redemption in trust for the holders thereof with a bank or trust company, in which case the redemption notice to holders of the Series F Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall (A) state the date of such deposit, (B) specify the office of such bank or trust company as the place of payment of the redemption price and (C) require such holders to surrender the certificates evidencing such shares at such place on or about the date fixed in such redemption notice (which may not be later than the redemption date) against payment of the redemption price (including all accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date). Subject to applicable escheat laws, any monies so deposited which remain unclaimed by the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock at the end of two years after the redemption date shall be returned by such bank or trust company to the Corporation. 
 (f) Any shares of Series F Preferred Stock that shall at any time have been redeemed shall, after such redemption, have the status of authorized but unissued Preferred Stock, without designation as to series until such shares are once more designated as part of a particular series by the Board. 
 
 (6) Voting Rights . Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Series F Preferred Stock shall not have any relative, participating, optional or other voting rights or powers, and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action. In any matter in which the holders of Series F Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, each such holder shall have the right to one vote for each share of Series F Preferred Stock held by such holder. 
 (a) If and whenever six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series F Preferred Stock are in arrears, whether or not earned or declared, the number of members then constituting the Board will be increased by two and the holders of Series F Preferred Stock, voting together as a class with the holders of any other series of Parity Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (any such other series, the Voting Preferred Stock ), will have the right to elect two additional directors of the Corporation the Preferred Stock Directors at an annual meeting of stockholders or a properly called special meeting of the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock and such Voting Preferred Stock and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders until all such dividends and dividends for the then current quarterly period on the Series F Preferred Stock and such other Voting Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and set aside for payment. Whenever all arrears in dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding have been paid and full dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Stock for the then current quarterly dividend period have been paid in full or declared and set apart for payment in full, then the right of the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Stock to elect the two Preferred Stock Directors will cease, the terms of office of the Preferred Stock Directors will forthwith terminate and the number of members of the Board will be reduced accordingly provided, however, that the right of the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Stock to elect the Preferred Stock Directors will again vest if and whenever six quarterly dividends are in arrears, as described above. In no event shall the holders of Series F Preferred Stock be entitled pursuant to these voting rights to elect a director that would cause the Corporation to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director independence of any national securities exchange on which any class or series of the Corporation s stock is listed. In class votes with other Voting Preferred Stock, preferred stock of different series shall vote in proportion to the liquidation preference of the preferred stock. 
 F-8 

(b) So long as any shares of Series F Preferred Stock are outstanding, the approval of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding Series F Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, either at a meeting of stockholders or by written consent, is required (i) to amend, alter or repeal any provisions of the Charter (including these Articles Supplementary), whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, to affect materially and adversely the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock, unless in connection with any such amendment, alteration or repeal, the Series F Preferred Stock remains outstanding without the terms thereof being materially changed in any respect adverse to the holders thereof or is converted into or exchanged for preferred stock of the surviving entity having preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption thereof that are substantially similar to those of the Series F Preferred Stock, or (ii) to authorize, create, or increase the authorized amount of any class or series of capital stock having rights senior to the Series F Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up (provided that if such amendment affects materially and adversely the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of one or more but not all of the other series of Voting Preferred Stock, the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of each such series so affected is required). However, the Corporation may create additional classes of Parity Stock and Junior Stock, amend the Charter and these Articles Supplementary to increase the authorized number of shares of Parity Stock (including the Series F Preferred Stock) and Junior Stock and issue additional series of Parity Stock and Junior Stock without the consent of any holder of Series F Preferred Stock. 
 (c) The foregoing voting provisions shall not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding Series F Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust to effect such redemption. 
 
 (7) Information Rights . During any period in which the Corporation is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and any shares of Series F Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation will (i) transmit by mail (or other permissible means under the Exchange Act) to all holders of Series F Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear in the record books of the Corporation and without cost to such holders, copies of the annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that the Corporation would have been required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if the Corporation were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required) and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective holder of Series F Preferred Stock. The Corporation will mail (or otherwise provide) the information to the holders of Series F Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission if the Corporation were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in each case, based on the dates on which the Corporation would be required to file such periodic reports if the Corporation were a non-accelerated filer within the meaning of the Exchange Act. 
 F-9 

(8) Other Limitations Ownership and Transfer of the Series F Preferred Stock. The Series F Preferred Stock constitutes Capital Stock (as defined in the Charter) of the Corporation and is governed by and issued subject to all the ownership and transfer restrictions of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock generally, including but not limited to the terms and conditions (including exceptions and exemptions) of Article VII of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock. The foregoing sentence shall not be construed to limit the applicability to the Series F Preferred Stock of any other term or provision of the Charter. 
 
 (9) Conversion Upon a Change of Control . The Series F Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other property or securities of the Corporation, except as provided in this Section 9. 
 (a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series F Preferred Stock will have the right, subject to the Special Redemption Right of the Corporation, to convert some or all of the shares of Series F Preferred Stock held by such holder (the Change of Control Conversion Right on the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined herein) into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock (as defined in the Charter) per share of Series F Preferred Stock (the Common Stock Conversion Consideration equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of (x) 25.00, plus (y) an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined herein), except if such Change of Control Conversion Date is after a record date for a Series F Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series F Dividend Payment Date, in which case the amount pursuant to this clause (i)(y) shall equal 0.00 in respect of such dividend payment to be made on such Series F Dividend Payment Date, by (ii) the Common Stock Price (as defined herein) (such quotient, the Conversion Rate ), and (B) 4.3718 (the Share Cap ), subject to the immediately succeeding paragraph. 
 The Share Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any share splits (including those effected pursuant to a Class A Common Stock dividend), subdivisions or combinations (in each case, a Share Split with respect to Class A Common Stock as follows the adjusted Share Cap as the result of a Share Split shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is equivalent to the product of (i) the Share Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration (as defined herein), as applicable) issuable in connection with the exercise of the Change of Control Conversion Right shall not exceed 22,733,222 shares of Class A Common Stock (or equivalent Alternative 
 F-10 

Conversion Consideration, as applicable), subject to increase to the extent the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase additional Series F Preferred Stock in the initial public offering of Series F Preferred Stock is exercised, not to exceed 26,143,205 shares of Class A Common Stock in total (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable) (the Exchange Cap ). The Exchange Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any Share Splits with respect to Class A Common Stock as follows the adjusted Exchange Cap as the result of a Share Split will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is equivalent to the product of (i) the Exchange Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. 
 In the case of a Change of Control as a result of which holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive consideration other than solely shares of Class A Common Stock, including other securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) with respect to or in exchange for shares of Class A Common Stock (the Alternative Form Consideration ), a holder of Series F Preferred Stock shall be entitled thereafter to convert (subject to the Corporation s Special Redemption Right) such Series F Preferred Stock not into Class A Common Stock but solely into the kind and amount of Alternative Form Consideration which the holder of Series F Preferred Stock would have owned or been entitled to receive upon such Change of Control as if such holder of Series F Preferred Stock then held the Common Stock Conversion Consideration immediately prior to the effective time of the Change of Control (the Alternative Conversion Consideration, and the Common Stock Conversion Consideration or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, as may be applicable to a Change of Control, shall be referred to herein as the Conversion Consideration ). 
 If the holders of Class A Common Stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in such Change of Control, the Conversion Consideration will be deemed to be the kind and amount of consideration actually received by holders of a majority of Class A Common Stock that voted for such an election (if electing between two types of consideration) or holders of a plurality of Class A Common Stock that voted for such an election (if electing between more than two types of consideration), as the case may be. 
 As used herein, Common Stock Price will mean (i) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of shares of Class A Common Stock is solely cash, the amount of cash consideration per share of Class A Common Stock, (ii) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of Class A Common Stock is other than solely cash, the average of the closing price per share of Class A Common Stock on the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the effective date of the Change of Control, and (iii) if there is not a readily determinable closing price for the Class A Common Stock or Alternative Form Consideration (as defined herein), the fair market value of Class A Common Stock or such Alternative Form Consideration (as determined by the Board or a committee thereof). 
 (b) No fractional shares of Class A Common Stock shall be issued upon the conversion of Series F Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, holders shall be entitled to receive the cash value of such fractional shares based on the Common Stock Price. 
 F-11 

(c) Within 15 days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Corporation shall provide to holders of Series F Preferred Stock a notice of occurrence of the Change of Control that describes the resulting Change of Control Conversion Right. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the conversion of any Series F Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. Each notice shall state the following (i) the events constituting the Change of Control (ii) the date of the Change of Control (iii) the last date on which the holders of Series F Preferred Stock may exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right, which shall be the Change of Control Conversion Date (iv) the method and period for calculating the Common Stock Price (v) the Change of Control Conversion Date, which will be a business day occurring within 20 to 35 days following the date of the notice (vi) if applicable, the type and amount of Alternative Conversion Consideration entitled to be received per share of Series F Preferred Stock (vii) the name and address of the paying agent and the conversion agent and (viii) the procedures that the holders of Series F Preferred Stock must follow to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right. 
 (d) The Corporation shall issue a press release for publication on the Dow Jones & Company, Inc., Business Wire, PR Newswire or Bloomberg Business News (or, if such organizations are not in existence at the time of issuance of such press release, such other news or press organization as is reasonably calculated to broadly disseminate the relevant information to the public), or post notice on the Corporation s website, in any event prior to the opening of business on the first Business Day following any date on which the Corporation provides notice pursuant to paragraph (c) above to the holders of Series F Preferred Stock. 
 (e) In order to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right, a holder of Series F Preferred Stock shall be required to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the certificates (if any) evidencing the shares of Series F Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer, together with a written conversion notice completed, to the transfer agent. Such conversion notice shall state (i) the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date (ii) the number of shares of Series F Preferred Stock to be converted and (iii) that the shares of Series F Preferred Stock are to be converted pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Series F Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the shares of Series F Preferred Stock are held in global form, such notice shall comply with applicable procedures of the Depository Trust Company DTC ). The Change of Control Conversion Date shall be a Business Day set forth in the notice of Change of Control provided in accordance with paragraph 9(c) hereof that is no less than 20 days nor more than 35 days after the date on which the Corporation gives such notice pursuant to paragraph 9(c) hereof. 
 (f) Holders of Series F Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of a Change of Control Conversion Right (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Corporation s transfer agent prior to the close of business on the Business Day prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date. The notice of withdrawal must state (i) the number of withdrawn shares of Series F Preferred Stock (ii) if certificated shares of Series F Preferred Stock have been issued, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn shares of Series F Preferred Stock and (iii) the number of shares of Series F Preferred Stock, if any, which remain subject to the conversion notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the shares of Series F Preferred Stock are held in global form, the notice of withdrawal shall comply with applicable DTC procedures. 
 F-12 

(g) Series F Preferred Stock as to which the Change of Control Conversion Right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion notice has not been properly withdrawn shall be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration in accordance with the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 (h) In connection with the exercise of any Change of Control Conversion Right, the Corporation will comply with all U.S. federal and state securities laws and stock exchange rules in connection with any conversion of Series F Preferred Stock into Class A Common Stock. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no holder of Series F Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert such Series F Preferred Stock for Class A Common Stock to the extent that receipt of such Class A Common Stock would cause such holder (or any other person) to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own, within the meaning of the Charter, Common Stock of the Corporation in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit, as such term is defined in the Charter. 
 
 (10) Record Holders . The Corporation and the transfer agent for the Series F Preferred Stock may deem and treat the record holder of any Series F Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes, and neither the Corporation nor the transfer agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
 F-13 

EXHIBIT G 
 SERIES G PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 Under a power contained in the charter (the Charter of Colony NorthStar, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board classified and designated 3,450,000 shares of the Preferred Stock (as defined in the Charter), as shares of 7.50 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, with the following preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption set forth below, which upon any restatement of the Charter, shall be deemed to be part of Article VI of the Charter, with any necessary or appropriate changes to the enumeration or lettering of sections or subsections hereof 
 
 7.50 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Per petual Preferred Stock 
 
 (1) Designation and Number . A series of Preferred Stock, designated as the 7.50 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series G Preferred Stock ), is hereby established. The par value of the Series G Preferred Stock is 0.01 per share. The number of shares of the Series G Preferred Stock shall be 3,450,000. 
 
 (2) Ranking . The Series G Preferred Stock will, with respect to rights to receive dividends and to participate in distributions or payments upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, rank (a) senior to the Common Stock (as defined in the Charter) and any other class of capital stock of the Corporation, now or hereafter issued and outstanding, the terms of which provide that such capital stock ranks, as to the payment of dividends or amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, junior to such Series G Preferred Stock Junior Stock ), (b) on a parity with the 8.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, the 8.25 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, the 8.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, the 8.500 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, the 8.75 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share, the 8.50 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, and the 7.125 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, and any equity securities the Corporation may authorize or issue in the future that, pursuant to the terms thereof, rank on parity with the Series G Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation Parity Stock and 
 (c) junior to any equity securities the Corporation may authorize or issue in the future that, pursuant to the terms thereof, rank senior to the Series G Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation Senior Stock ). Any authorization or issuance of Senior Stock would require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 
 two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series G Preferred Stock voting together as a single class with all other classes or series of Parity Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. Any convertible or exchangeable debt securities that the Corporation may issue are not considered to be equity securities for these purposes. 

(3) Dividends . 
 (a) Holders of the then outstanding shares of Series G Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by the Board and declared by the Corporation, out of funds legally available for payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 7.50 per annum of the 25.00 liquidation preference of each share of Series G Preferred Stock (equivalent to 1.875 per annum per share). 
 (b) Dividends on each outstanding share of Series G Preferred Stock shall be cumulative from and including January 15, 2017 and shall be payable (i) for the period from January 15, 2017 to April 14, 2017, on April 15, 2017, and (ii) for each quarterly distribution period thereafter, quarterly in equal amounts in arrears on the 15th day of each January, April, July and October, commencing on July 15, 2017 (each such day being hereinafter called a Series G Dividend Payment Date at the then applicable annual rate provided, however, that if any Series G Dividend Payment Date falls on any day other than a Business Day (as hereinafter defined), the dividend that would otherwise have been payable on such Series G Dividend Payment Date may be paid on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if paid on such Series G Dividend Payment Date, and no interest or other sums shall accrue on the amount so payable from such Series G Dividend Payment Date to such next succeeding Business Day. Each dividend is payable to holders of record as they appear on the stock records of the Corporation at the close of business on the record date, not exceeding 30 days preceding the applicable Series G Dividend Payment Date, as shall be fixed by the Board. Dividends shall accumulate from January 15, 2017 or the most recent Series G Dividend Payment Date to which full cumulative dividends have been paid, whether or not in any such dividend period or periods there shall be funds legally available for the payment of such dividends, whether the Corporation has earnings or whether such dividends are authorized. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series G Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. Holders of the Series G Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends, whether payable in cash, property or stock, in excess of full cumulative dividends, as herein provided, on the Series G Preferred Stock. Dividends payable on the Series G Preferred Stock for any period greater or less than a full dividend period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends payable on the Series G Preferred Stock for each full dividend period will be computed by dividing the applicable annual dividend rate by four. After full cumulative distributions on the Series G Preferred Stock have been paid, the holders of Series G Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further distributions with respect to that dividend period. 
 (c) So long as any shares of Series G Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends, except as described in the immediately following sentence, shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment on any series or class or classes of Parity Stock for any period unless full cumulative dividends have been declared and paid or are contemporaneously declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payment on the Series G Preferred Stock for all prior dividend periods. When dividends are not paid in full or a sum sufficient for such payment is not set apart, as aforesaid, all dividends authorized and declared upon the Series G Preferred Stock and all dividends authorized and declared upon any other series or class or classes of Parity Stock shall be authorized and declared ratably in proportion to the respective amounts of dividends accumulated and unpaid on the Series G Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock. 
 G-2 

(d) So long as any shares of Series G Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends (other than dividends or distributions paid solely in Junior Stock of, or in options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase, Junior Stock) shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment or other distribution authorized and declared or made upon Junior Stock, nor shall any Junior Stock be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired (other than a redemption, purchase or other acquisition of Common Stock made for purposes of and in compliance with requirements of an employee incentive or benefit plan of the Corporation or any subsidiary, or a conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock or redemptions for the purpose of preserving the Corporation s qualification as a REIT (as defined in the Charter)), for any consideration (or any monies to be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by the Corporation, directly or indirectly (except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock), unless in each case full cumulative dividends on all outstanding shares of Series G Preferred Stock and any Parity Stock at the time such dividends are payable shall have been paid or set apart for payment for all past dividend periods with respect to the Series G Preferred Stock and all past dividend periods with respect to such Parity Stock. 
 (e) Any dividend payment made on the Series G Preferred Stock, including any capital gains dividends, shall first be credited against the earliest accrued but unpaid dividend due with respect to such shares which remains payable. 
 (f) Except as provided herein, the Series G Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in the earnings or assets of the Corporation. 
 (g) As used herein, the term Business Day shall mean any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. 
 (h) As used herein, the term dividend does not include dividends payable solely in shares of Junior Stock on Junior Stock, or in options, warrants or rights to holders of Junior Stock to subscribe for or purchase any Junior Stock. 
 
 (4) Liquidation Preference . 
 (a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any payment or distribution of the assets of the Corporation shall be made to or set apart for the holders of Junior Stock, the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive 25.00 per share (the Liquidation Preference plus an amount per share equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not earned or declared) thereon to, but not including, the date of final distribution to such holders but such holders of the Series G Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any further payment. If, upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other Parity Stock, then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of such Series G Preferred Stock and any such other Parity Stock 
 G-3 

ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such Series G Preferred Stock and any such other Parity Stock if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. For the purposes of this Section 4, none of (i) a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with one or more entities, (ii) a statutory stock exchange by the Corporation or (iii) a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets shall be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation. 
 (b) Until payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock, as provided in this Section 4, and to the holders of Parity Stock, subject to any terms and provisions applying thereto, no payment will be made to any holder of Junior Stock upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. Subject to the rights of the holders of Parity Stock, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock, as provided in this Section 4, any series or class or classes of Junior Stock shall, subject to any respective terms and provisions applying thereto, be entitled to receive any and all assets remaining to be paid or distributed, and the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to share therein. 
 
 (5) Optional Redemption . 
 (a) Except as otherwise permitted by the Charter and paragraph (b) below, the Series G Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable by the Corporation prior to June 19, 2019. On and after June 19, 2019, the Corporation, at its option, upon giving notice as provided below, may redeem the Series G Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock (whether or not declared), to, but not including, the redemption date (the Regular Redemption Right ). 
 (b) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined herein), the Corporation will have the option, upon giving notice as provided below, to redeem the Series G Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, within 120 days after the first date on which the Change of Control has occurred (the Special Redemption Right ), for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock (whether or not declared), to, but not including, the redemption date (the Special Redemption Price ). If the Corporation exercises its Special Redemption Right in connection with a Change of Control, holders of Series G Preferred Stock will not be permitted to exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right (as defined herein) in respect of any shares of Series G Preferred Stock that have been called for redemption, and any shares of Series G Preferred Stock subsequently called for redemption that have been tendered for conversion will be redeemed on the applicable date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined herein). Any partial redemption will be selected by lot or pro rata. 
 G-4 

A Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred at such time after the original issuance of the Series G Preferred Stock when the following has occurred 
 (i) the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of shares of the Corporation entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in elections of directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition) and 
 (ii) following the closing of any transaction referred to in clause (i) above, neither the Corporation nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities or American Depositary Receipts listed on the NYSE, the NYSE Amex Equities, or NYSE Amex, or NASDAQ, or listed on an exchange that is a successor to the NYSE, NYSE Amex or NASDAQ. 
 (c) The following provisions set forth the general procedures for redemption applicable to redemptions pursuant to the Regular Redemption Right and the Special Redemption Right 
 (i) Upon any redemption date applicable to Series G Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall pay on each share of Series G Preferred Stock to be redeemed any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared), in arrears, for any dividend period ending on or prior to the redemption date. If a redemption date falls after a record date for a Series G Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series G Dividend Payment Date, then each holder of the Series G Preferred Stock at the close of business on such record date shall be entitled to the dividend payable on such Series G Preferred Stock on the corresponding Series G Dividend Payment Date notwithstanding the redemption of such Series G Preferred Stock prior to such Series G Dividend Payment Date. Except as provided above, the Corporation shall make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on any shares of Series G Preferred Stock called for redemption. 
 (ii) If full cumulative dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock and any class or classes of Parity Stock have not been paid or declared and set apart for payment, the Corporation may not purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Series G Preferred Stock in part or any Parity Stock other than in exchange for Junior Stock provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent the purchase by the Corporation of shares held in excess of the limits set forth in the Charter in order to ensure that the Corporation continues to meet the requirements for qualification as a REIT. 
 (iii) On and after the date fixed for redemption, provided that the Corporation has made available at the office of the registrar and transfer agent a sufficient amount of cash to effect the redemption, dividends will cease to accrue on the shares of Series G Preferred Stock called for redemption (except that, in the case of a redemption date after a dividend payment record date and prior to the related Series G Dividend Payment Date, holders of Series G Preferred Stock on the applicable dividend payment record date will be entitled on such Series G Dividend Payment Date to receive the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding Series G Dividend Payment Date), such shares shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares as holders of Series G Preferred Stock shall cease except the right to receive the cash payable upon such redemption, without interest from the date of such redemption. 
 G-5 

(d) The following provisions set forth the procedures for redemption, in addition to those general procedures set forth in Section 5(c) hereof, pursuant to the Regular Redemption Right. 
 (i) A notice of redemption (which may be contingent upon the occurrence of a future event) shall be mailed, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, addressed to the holders of record of the Series G Preferred Stock at their addresses as they appear on the Corporation s stock transfer records. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any shares of the Series G Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. In addition to any information required by law or by the applicable rules of any exchange upon which the Series G Preferred Stock may be listed or admitted to trading, each notice shall state (A) the redemption date (B) the redemption price (C) the number of shares of Series G Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares of Series G Preferred Stock held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares of Series G Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder (D) the place or places where the certificates, if any, evidencing the shares of Series G Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and (E) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such redemption date except as otherwise provided herein. 
 (ii) If fewer than all the outstanding shares of the Series G Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata (as nearly as practicable without creating fractional shares). 
 (iii) At its election, the Corporation, prior to a redemption date, may irrevocably deposit the redemption price (including accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date) of the Series G Preferred Stock so called for redemption in trust for the holders thereof with a bank or trust company, in which case the redemption notice to holders of the Series G Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall (A) state the date of such deposit, (B) specify the office of such bank or trust company as the place of payment of the redemption price and (C) require such holders to surrender the certificates evidencing such shares at such place on or about the date fixed in such redemption notice (which may not be later than the redemption date) against payment of the redemption price (including all accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date). Subject to applicable escheat laws, any monies so deposited which remain unclaimed by the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock at the end of two years after the redemption date shall be returned by such bank or trust company to the Corporation. 
 (e) The following provisions set forth the procedures for redemption, in addition to those general procedures set forth in Section 5(c) hereof, pursuant to the Special Redemption Right. 
 (i) A notice of special optional redemption will be mailed, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, addressed to the holders of record of the Series G Preferred Stock at their addresses as they appear on the Corporation s stock transfer records. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing will not affect the validity of the proceedings for the special optional redemption of the shares of Series G Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. Each notice will state (A) the redemption date (B) the redemption price (C) the number of shares of Series G Preferred Stock to be redeemed (D) the place or places where 
 G-6 

the certificates, if any, evidencing the shares of Series G Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment (E) that the shares of Series G Preferred Stock are being redeemed pursuant to the Corporation s special optional redemption right in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control and a brief description of the transaction or transactions constituting such Change of Control 
 (F) that the holders of shares of Series G Preferred Stock to which the notice relates will not be able to tender such shares of Series G Preferred Stock for conversion in connection with the Change of Control and each share of Series G Preferred Stock tendered for conversion that is selected for redemption, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, will be redeemed on the related date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date and (G) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such redemption date except as otherwise provided herein. 
 (ii) If fewer than all the shares of Series G Preferred Stock held by any holder are to be redeemed, the notice mailed to such holder will also specify the number of shares of Series G Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder. If fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series G Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata. 
 (iii) On and after the date fixed for redemption, provided that the Corporation has given a notice of redemption and has paid or set aside sufficient funds for the redemption in trust for the benefit of the holders of shares of Series G Preferred Stock called for redemption, those shares of Series G Preferred Stock will be treated as no longer being outstanding, no further dividends will accrue on the share of Series G Preferred Stock called for redemption and all other rights of the holders of those shares of Series G Preferred Stock will terminate (except that, in the case of a redemption date after a dividend payment record date and prior to the related Series G Dividend Payment Date, holders of Series G Preferred Stock on the applicable record date will be entitled on such Series G Dividend Payment Date to receive the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding Series G Dividend Payment Date). The holders of those shares of Series G Preferred Stock will retain their right to receive the redemption price for their shares and any accrued and unpaid dividends to (but not including) the redemption date, without interest from the date of such redemption. 
 (iv) At its election, the Corporation, prior to a redemption date, may irrevocably deposit the redemption price (including accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date) of the Series G Preferred Stock so called for redemption in trust for the holders thereof with a bank or trust company, in which case the redemption notice to holders of the Series G Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall (A) state the date of such deposit, (B) specify the office of such bank or trust company as the place of payment of the redemption price and (C) require such holders to surrender the certificates evidencing such shares at such place on or about the date fixed in such redemption notice (which may not be later than the redemption date) against payment of the redemption price (including all accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date). Subject to applicable escheat laws, any monies so deposited which remain unclaimed by the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock at the end of two years after the redemption date shall be returned by such bank or trust company to the Corporation. 
 G-7 

(f) Any shares of Series G Preferred Stock that shall at any time have been redeemed shall, after such redemption, have the status of authorized but unissued Preferred Stock, without designation as to series until such shares are once more designated as part of a particular series by the Board. 
 
 (6) Voting Rights . Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Series G Preferred Stock shall not have any relative, participating, optional or other voting rights or powers, and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action. In any matter in which the holders of Series G Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, each such holder shall have the right to one vote for each share of Series G Preferred Stock held by such holder. 
 (a) If and whenever six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series G Preferred Stock are in arrears, whether or not earned or declared, the number of members then constituting the Board will be increased by two and the holders of Series G Preferred Stock, voting together as a class with the holders of any other series of Parity Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (any such other series, the Voting Preferred Stock ), will have the right to elect two additional directors of the Corporation the Preferred Stock Directors at an annual meeting of stockholders or a properly called special meeting of the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock and such Voting Preferred Stock and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders until all such dividends and dividends for the then current quarterly period on the Series G Preferred Stock and such other Voting Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and set aside for payment. Whenever all arrears in dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding have been paid and full dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Stock for the then current quarterly dividend period have been paid in full or declared and set apart for payment in full, then the right of the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Stock to elect the two Preferred Stock Directors will cease, the terms of office of the Preferred Stock Directors will forthwith terminate and the number of members of the Board will be reduced accordingly provided, however, that the right of the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Stock to elect the Preferred Stock Directors will again vest if and whenever six quarterly dividends are in arrears, as described above. In no event shall the holders of Series G Preferred Stock be entitled pursuant to these voting rights to elect a director that would cause the Corporation to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director independence of any national securities exchange on which any class or series of the Corporation s stock is listed. In class votes with other Voting Preferred Stock, preferred stock of different series shall vote in proportion to the liquidation preference of the preferred stock. 
 (b) So long as any shares of Series G Preferred Stock are outstanding, the approval of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding Series G Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, either at a meeting of stockholders or by written consent, is required (i) to amend, alter or repeal any provisions of the Charter (including these Articles Supplementary), whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, to affect materially and adversely the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock, unless in connection with any such amendment, alteration or repeal, the Series G Preferred Stock remains outstanding without the terms thereof being materially changed in any respect adverse to the holders thereof or is converted into or exchanged for preferred stock of the surviving entity having preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption 
 G-8 

thereof that are substantially similar to those of the Series G Preferred Stock, or (ii) to authorize, create, or increase the authorized amount of any class or series of capital stock having rights senior to the Series G Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up (provided that if such amendment affects materially and adversely the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of one or more but not all of the other series of Voting Preferred Stock, the consent of the holders of at least 
 two-thirds of the outstanding shares of each such series so affected is required). However, the Corporation may create additional classes of Parity Stock and Junior Stock, amend the Charter and these Articles Supplementary to increase the authorized number of shares of Parity Stock (including the Series G Preferred Stock) and Junior Stock and issue additional series of Parity Stock and Junior Stock without the consent of any holder of Series G Preferred Stock. 
 (c) The foregoing voting provisions shall not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding Series G Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust to effect such redemption. 
 
 (7) Information Rights . During any period in which the Corporation is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and any shares of Series G Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation will (i) transmit by mail (or other permissible means under the Exchange Act) to all holders of Series G Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear in the record books of the Corporation and without cost to such holders, copies of the annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that the Corporation would have been required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if the Corporation were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required) and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective holder of Series G Preferred Stock. The Corporation will mail (or otherwise provide) the information to the holders of Series G Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission if the Corporation were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in each case, based on the dates on which the Corporation would be required to file such periodic reports if the Corporation were a non-accelerated filer within the meaning of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (8) Other Limitations Ownership and Transfer of the Series G Preferred Stock. The Series G Preferred Stock constitutes Capital Stock (as defined in the Charter) of the Corporation and is governed by and issued subject to all the ownership and transfer restrictions of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock generally, including but not limited to the terms and conditions (including exceptions and exemptions) of Article VII of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock. The foregoing sentence shall not be construed to limit the applicability to the Series G Preferred Stock of any other term or provision of the Charter. 
 
 (9) Conversion Upon a Change of Control . The Series G Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other property or securities of the Corporation, except as provided in this Section 9. 
 G-9 

(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series G Preferred Stock will have the right, subject to the Special Redemption Right of the Corporation, to convert some or all of the shares of Series G Preferred Stock held by such holder (the Change of Control Conversion Right on the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined herein) into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock (as defined in the Charter) per share of Series G Preferred Stock (the Common Stock Conversion Consideration equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of (x) 25.00, plus (y) an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined herein), except if such Change of Control Conversion Date is after a record date for a Series G Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series G Dividend Payment Date, in which case the amount pursuant to this clause (i)(y) shall equal 0.00 in respect of such dividend payment to be made on such Series G Dividend Payment Date, by (ii) the Common Stock Price (as defined herein) (such quotient, the Conversion Rate ), and (B) 3.2936 (the Share Cap ), subject to the immediately succeeding paragraph. 
 The Share Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any share splits (including those effected pursuant to a Class A Common Stock dividend), subdivisions or combinations (in each case, a Share Split with respect to Class A Common Stock as follows the adjusted Share Cap as the result of a Share Split shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is equivalent to the product of (i) the Share Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration (as defined herein), as applicable) issuable in connection with the exercise of the Change of Control Conversion Right shall not exceed 9,880,809 shares of Class A Common Stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable), subject to increase to the extent the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase additional Series G Preferred Stock in the initial public offering of Series G Preferred Stock is exercised, not to exceed 11,362,931 shares of Class A Common Stock in total (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable) (the Exchange Cap ). The Exchange Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any Share Splits with respect to Class A Common Stock as follows the adjusted Exchange Cap as the result of a Share Split will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is equivalent to the product of (i) the Exchange Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. 
 In the case of a Change of Control as a result of which holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive consideration other than solely shares of Class A Common Stock, including other securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) with respect to or in exchange for shares of Class A Common Stock (the Alternative Form Consideration ), a holder of Series G Preferred Stock shall be entitled thereafter to convert (subject to the Corporation s Special Redemption Right) such Series G Preferred Stock not into Class A Common Stock but solely into the kind and amount of Alternative Form Consideration 
 G-10 

which the holder of Series G Preferred Stock would have owned or been entitled to receive upon such Change of Control as if such holder of Series G Preferred Stock then held the Common Stock Conversion Consideration immediately prior to the effective time of the Change of Control (the Alternative Conversion Consideration, and the Common Stock Conversion Consideration or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, as may be applicable to a Change of Control, shall be referred to herein as the Conversion Consideration ). 
 If the holders of Class A Common Stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in such Change of Control, the Conversion Consideration will be deemed to be the kind and amount of consideration actually received by holders of a majority of Class A Common Stock that voted for such an election (if electing between two types of consideration) or holders of a plurality of Class A Common Stock that voted for such an election (if electing between more than two types of consideration), as the case may be. 
 As used herein, Common Stock Price will mean (i) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of shares of Class A Common Stock is solely cash, the amount of cash consideration per share of Class A Common Stock, (ii) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of Class A Common Stock is other than solely cash, the average of the closing price per share of Class A Common Stock on the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the effective date of the Change of Control, and (iii) if there is not a readily determinable closing price for the Class A Common Stock or Alternative Form Consideration (as defined herein), the fair market value of Class A Common Stock or such Alternative Form Consideration (as determined by the Board or a committee thereof). 
 (b) No fractional shares of Class A Common Stock shall be issued upon the conversion of Series G Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, holders shall be entitled to receive the cash value of such fractional shares based on the Common Stock Price. 
 (c) Within 15 days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Corporation shall provide to holders of Series G Preferred Stock a notice of occurrence of the Change of Control that describes the resulting Change of Control Conversion Right. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the conversion of any Series G Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. Each notice shall state the following (i) the events constituting the Change of Control (ii) the date of the Change of Control (iii) the last date on which the holders of Series G Preferred Stock may exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right, which shall be the Change of Control Conversion Date (iv) the method and period for calculating the Common Stock Price (v) the Change of Control Conversion Date, which will be a business day occurring within 20 to 35 days following the date of the notice (vi) if applicable, the type and amount of Alternative Conversion Consideration entitled to be received per share of Series G Preferred Stock (vii) the name and address of the paying agent and the conversion agent and (viii) the procedures that the holders of Series G Preferred Stock must follow to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right. 
 G-11 

(d) The Corporation shall issue a press release for publication on the Dow Jones & Company, Inc., Business Wire, PR Newswire or Bloomberg Business News (or, if such organizations are not in existence at the time of issuance of such press release, such other news or press organization as is reasonably calculated to broadly disseminate the relevant information to the public), or post notice on the Corporation s website, in any event prior to the opening of business on the first Business Day following any date on which the Corporation provides notice pursuant to paragraph (c) above to the holders of Series G Preferred Stock. 
 (e) In order to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right, a holder of Series G Preferred Stock shall be required to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the certificates (if any) evidencing the shares of Series G Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer, together with a written conversion notice completed, to the transfer agent. Such conversion notice shall state (i) the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date (ii) the number of shares of Series G Preferred Stock to be converted and (iii) that the shares of Series G Preferred Stock are to be converted pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Series G Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the shares of Series G Preferred Stock are held in global form, such notice shall comply with applicable procedures of the Depository Trust Company DTC ). The Change of Control Conversion Date shall be a Business Day set forth in the notice of Change of Control provided in accordance with paragraph 9(c) hereof that is no less than 20 days nor more than 35 days after the date on which the Corporation gives such notice pursuant to paragraph 9(c) hereof. 
 (f) Holders of Series G Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of a Change of Control Conversion Right (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Corporation s transfer agent prior to the close of business on the Business Day prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date. The notice of withdrawal must state (i) the number of withdrawn shares of Series G Preferred Stock (ii) if certificated shares of Series G Preferred Stock have been issued, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn shares of Series G Preferred Stock and (iii) the number of shares of Series G Preferred Stock, if any, which remain subject to the conversion notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the shares of Series G Preferred Stock are held in global form, the notice of withdrawal shall comply with applicable DTC procedures. 
 (g) Series G Preferred Stock as to which the Change of Control Conversion Right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion notice has not been properly withdrawn shall be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration in accordance with the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 (h) In connection with the exercise of any Change of Control Conversion Right, the Corporation will comply with all U.S. federal and state securities laws and stock exchange rules in connection with any conversion of Series G Preferred Stock into Class A Common Stock. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no holder of Series G Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert such Series G Preferred Stock for Class A Common Stock to the extent that receipt of such Class A Common Stock would cause such holder (or any other person) to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own, within the meaning of the Charter, Common Stock of the Corporation in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit, as such term is defined in the Charter. 
 
 (10) Record Holders . The Corporation and the transfer agent for the Series G Preferred Stock may deem and treat the record holder of any Series G Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes, and neither the Corporation nor the transfer agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
 G-12 

EXHIBIT H 
 SERIES H PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 Under a power contained in the charter (the Charter of Colony NorthStar, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board classified and designated 11,500,000 shares of the Preferred Stock (as defined in the Charter), as shares of 7.125 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, with the following preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption set forth below, which upon any restatement of the Charter, shall be deemed to be part of Article VI of the Charter, with any necessary or appropriate changes to the enumeration or lettering of sections or subsections hereof 
 
 7.125 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Per petual Preferred Stock 
 
 (1) Designation and Number . A series of Preferred Stock, designated as the 7.125 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series H Preferred Stock ), is hereby established. The par value of the Series H Preferred Stock is 0.01 per share. The number of shares of the Series H Preferred Stock shall be 11,500,000. 
 
 (2) Ranking . The Series H Preferred Stock will, with respect to rights to receive dividends and to participate in distributions or payments upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, rank (a) senior to the Common Stock (as defined in the Charter) and any other class of capital stock of the Corporation, now or hereafter issued and outstanding, the terms of which provide that such capital stock ranks, as to the payment of dividends or amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, junior to such Series H Preferred Stock Junior Stock ), (b) on a parity with the 8.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, the 8.25 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, the 8.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, the 8.500 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, the 8.75 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 
 25.00 per share, the 8.50 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, and the 7.50 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share and any equity securities the Corporation may authorize or issue in the future that, pursuant to the terms thereof, rank on parity with the Series H Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation Parity Stock and (c) junior to any equity securities the Corporation may authorize or issue in the future that, pursuant to the terms thereof, rank senior to the Series H Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation Senior Stock ). Any authorization or issuance of Senior Stock would require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series H Preferred Stock voting together as a single class with all other classes or series of Parity Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. Any convertible or exchangeable debt securities that the Corporation may issue are not considered to be equity securities for these purposes. 

(3) Dividends . 
 (a) Holders of the then outstanding shares of Series H Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by the Board and declared by the Corporation, out of funds legally available for payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 7.125 per annum of the 25.00 liquidation preference of each share of Series H Preferred Stock (equivalent to 1.78125 per annum per share). 
 (b) Dividends on each outstanding share of Series H Preferred Stock shall be cumulative from and including January 15, 2017 and shall be payable (i) for the period from January 15, 2017 to April 14, 2017, on April 15, 2017, and (ii) for each quarterly distribution period thereafter, quarterly in equal amounts in arrears on the 15th day of each January, April, July and October, commencing on July 15, 2017 (each such day being hereinafter called a Series H Dividend Payment Date at the then applicable annual rate provided, however, that if any Series H Dividend Payment Date falls on any day other than a Business Day (as hereinafter defined), the dividend that would otherwise have been payable on such Series H Dividend Payment Date may be paid on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if paid on such Series H Dividend Payment Date, and no interest or other sums shall accrue on the amount so payable from such Series H Dividend Payment Date to such next succeeding Business Day. Each dividend is payable to holders of record as they appear on the stock records of the Corporation at the close of business on the record date, not exceeding 30 days preceding the applicable Series H Dividend Payment Date, as shall be fixed by the Board. Dividends shall accumulate from January 15, 2017 or the most recent Series H Dividend Payment Date to which full cumulative dividends have been paid, whether or not in any such dividend period or periods there shall be funds legally available for the payment of such dividends, whether the Corporation has earnings or whether such dividends are authorized. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series H Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. Holders of the Series H Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends, whether payable in cash, property or stock, in excess of full cumulative dividends, as herein provided, on the Series H Preferred Stock. Dividends payable on the Series H Preferred Stock for any period greater or less than a full dividend period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends payable on the Series H Preferred Stock for each full dividend period will be computed by dividing the applicable annual dividend rate by four. After full cumulative distributions on the Series H Preferred Stock have been paid, the holders of Series H Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further distributions with respect to that dividend period. 
 (c) So long as any shares of Series H Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends, except as described in the immediately following sentence, shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment on any series or class or classes of Parity Stock for any period unless full cumulative dividends have been declared and paid or are contemporaneously declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payment on the Series H Preferred Stock for all prior dividend periods. When dividends are not paid in full or a sum sufficient for such payment is not set apart, as aforesaid, all dividends authorized and declared upon the Series H Preferred Stock and all dividends authorized and declared upon any other series or class or classes of Parity Stock shall be authorized and declared ratably in proportion to the respective amounts of dividends accumulated and unpaid on the Series H Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock. 
 H-2 

(d) So long as any shares of Series H Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividends (other than dividends or distributions paid solely in Junior Stock of, or in options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase, Junior Stock) shall be authorized and declared or paid or set apart for payment or other distribution authorized and declared or made upon Junior Stock, nor shall any Junior Stock be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired (other than a redemption, purchase or other acquisition of Common Stock made for purposes of and in compliance with requirements of an employee incentive or benefit plan of the Corporation or any subsidiary, or a conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock or redemptions for the purpose of preserving the Corporation s qualification as a REIT (as defined in the Charter)), for any consideration (or any monies to be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by the Corporation, directly or indirectly (except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock), unless in each case full cumulative dividends on all outstanding shares of Series H Preferred Stock and any Parity Stock at the time such dividends are payable shall have been paid or set apart for payment for all past dividend periods with respect to the Series H Preferred Stock and all past dividend periods with respect to such Parity Stock. 
 (e) Any dividend payment made on the Series H Preferred Stock, including any capital gains dividends, shall first be credited against the earliest accrued but unpaid dividend due with respect to such shares which remains payable. 
 (f) Except as provided herein, the Series H Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in the earnings or assets of the Corporation. 
 (g) As used herein, the term Business Day shall mean any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. 
 (h) As used herein, the term dividend does not include dividends payable solely in shares of Junior Stock on Junior Stock, or in options, warrants or rights to holders of Junior Stock to subscribe for or purchase any Junior Stock. 
 
 (4) Liquidation Preference . 
 (a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any payment or distribution of the assets of the Corporation shall be made to or set apart for the holders of Junior Stock, the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive 25.00 per share (the Liquidation Preference plus an amount per share equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not earned or declared) thereon to, but not including, the date of final distribution to such holders but such holders of the Series H Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any further payment. If, upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other Parity Stock, then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of such Series H Preferred Stock and any such other Parity Stock ratably in accordance 
 H-3 

with the respective amounts that would be payable on such Series H Preferred Stock and any such other Parity Stock if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. For the purposes of this Section 4, none of (i) a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with one or more entities, (ii) a statutory stock exchange by the Corporation or (iii) a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets shall be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation. 
 (b) Until payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock, as provided in this Section 4, and to the holders of Parity Stock, subject to any terms and provisions applying thereto, no payment will be made to any holder of Junior Stock upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. Subject to the rights of the holders of Parity Stock, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock, as provided in this Section 4, any series or class or classes of Junior Stock shall, subject to any respective terms and provisions applying thereto, be entitled to receive any and all assets remaining to be paid or distributed, and the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to share therein. 
 
 (5) Optional Redemption . 
 (a) Except as otherwise permitted by the Charter and paragraph (b) below, the Series H Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable by the Corporation prior to April 13, 2020. On and after April 13, 2020, the Corporation, at its option, upon giving notice as provided below, may redeem the Series H Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series H Preferred Stock (whether or not declared), to, but not including, the redemption date (the Regular Redemption Right ). 
 (b) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined herein), the Corporation will have the option, upon giving notice as provided below, to redeem the Series H Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, within 120 days after the first date on which the Change of Control has occurred (the Special Redemption Right ), for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series H Preferred Stock (whether or not declared), to, but not including, the redemption date (the Special Redemption Price ). If the Corporation exercises its Special Redemption Right in connection with a Change of Control, holders of Series H Preferred Stock will not be permitted to exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right (as defined herein) in respect of any shares of Series H Preferred Stock that have been called for redemption, and any shares of Series H Preferred Stock subsequently called for redemption that have been tendered for conversion will be redeemed on the applicable date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined herein). Any partial redemption will be selected by lot or pro rata. 
 A Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred at such time after the original issuance of the Series H Preferred Stock when the following has occurred 
 (i) the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of 
 H-4 

purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of shares of the Corporation entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in elections of directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition) and 
 (ii) following the closing of any transaction referred to in clause (i) above, neither the Corporation nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities or American Depositary Receipts listed on the NYSE, the NYSE Amex Equities, or NYSE Amex, or NASDAQ, or listed on an exchange that is a successor to the NYSE, NYSE Amex or NASDAQ. 
 (c) The following provisions set forth the general procedures for redemption applicable to redemptions pursuant to the Regular Redemption Right and the Special Redemption Right 
 (i) Upon any redemption date applicable to Series H Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall pay on each share of Series H Preferred Stock to be redeemed any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared), in arrears, for any dividend period ending on or prior to the redemption date. If a redemption date falls after a record date for a Series H Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series H Dividend Payment Date, then each holder of the Series H Preferred Stock at the close of business on such record date shall be entitled to the dividend payable on such Series H Preferred Stock on the corresponding Series H Dividend Payment Date notwithstanding the redemption of such Series H Preferred Stock prior to such Series H Dividend Payment Date. Except as provided above, the Corporation shall make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on any shares of Series H Preferred Stock called for redemption. 
 (ii) If full cumulative dividends on the Series H Preferred Stock and any class or classes of Parity Stock have not been paid or declared and set apart for payment, the Corporation may not purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Series H Preferred Stock in part or any Parity Stock other than in exchange for Junior Stock provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent the purchase by the Corporation of shares held in excess of the limits set forth in the Charter in order to ensure that the Corporation continues to meet the requirements for qualification as a REIT. 
 (iii) On and after the date fixed for redemption, provided that the Corporation has made available at the office of the registrar and transfer agent a sufficient amount of cash to effect the redemption, dividends will cease to accrue on the shares of Series H Preferred Stock called for redemption (except that, in the case of a redemption date after a dividend payment record date and prior to the related Series H Dividend Payment Date, holders of Series H Preferred Stock on the applicable dividend payment record date will be entitled on such Series H Dividend Payment Date to receive the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding Series H Dividend Payment Date), such shares shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares as holders of Series H Preferred Stock shall cease except the right to receive the cash payable upon such redemption, without interest from the date of such redemption. 
 H-5 

(d) The following provisions set forth the procedures for redemption, in addition to those general procedures set forth in Section 5(c) hereof, pursuant to the Regular Redemption Right. 
 (i) A notice of redemption (which may be contingent upon the occurrence of a future event) shall be mailed, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, addressed to the holders of record of the Series H Preferred Stock at their addresses as they appear on the Corporation s stock transfer records. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any shares of the Series H Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. In addition to any information required by law or by the applicable rules of any exchange upon which the Series H Preferred Stock may be listed or admitted to trading, each notice shall state (A) the redemption date (B) the redemption price (C) the number of shares of Series H Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares of Series H Preferred Stock held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares of Series H Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder (D) the place or places where the certificates, if any, evidencing the shares of Series H Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and (E) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such redemption date except as otherwise provided herein. 
 (ii) If fewer than all the outstanding shares of the Series H Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata (as nearly as practicable without creating fractional shares). 
 (iii) At its election, the Corporation, prior to a redemption date, may irrevocably deposit the redemption price (including accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date) of the Series H Preferred Stock so called for redemption in trust for the holders thereof with a bank or trust company, in which case the redemption notice to holders of the Series H Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall (A) state the date of such deposit, (B) specify the office of such bank or trust company as the place of payment of the redemption price and (C) require such holders to surrender the certificates evidencing such shares at such place on or about the date fixed in such redemption notice (which may not be later than the redemption date) against payment of the redemption price (including all accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date). Subject to applicable escheat laws, any monies so deposited which remain unclaimed by the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock at the end of two years after the redemption date shall be returned by such bank or trust company to the Corporation. 
 (e) The following provisions set forth the procedures for redemption, in addition to those general procedures set forth in Section 5(c) hereof, pursuant to the Special Redemption Right. 
 (i) A notice of special optional redemption will be mailed, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, addressed to the holders of record of the Series H Preferred Stock at their addresses as they appear on the Corporation s stock transfer records. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing will not affect the validity of the proceedings for the special optional redemption of the shares of Series H Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. Each notice will state (A) the redemption date (B) the redemption price (C) the 
 H-6 

number of shares of Series H Preferred Stock to be redeemed (D) the place or places where the certificates, if any, evidencing the shares of Series H Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment (E) that the shares of Series H Preferred Stock are being redeemed pursuant to the Corporation s special optional redemption right in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control and a brief description of the transaction or transactions constituting such Change of Control (F) that the holders of shares of Series H Preferred Stock to which the notice relates will not be able to tender such shares of Series H Preferred Stock for conversion in connection with the Change of Control and each share of Series H Preferred Stock tendered for conversion that is selected for redemption, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, will be redeemed on the related date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date and (G) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such redemption date except as otherwise provided herein. 
 (ii) If fewer than all the shares of Series H Preferred Stock held by any holder are to be redeemed, the notice mailed to such holder will also specify the number of shares of Series H Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder. If fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series H Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata. 
 (iii) On and after the date fixed for redemption, provided that the Corporation has given a notice of redemption and has paid or set aside sufficient funds for the redemption in trust for the benefit of the holders of shares of Series H Preferred Stock called for redemption, those shares of Series H Preferred Stock will be treated as no longer being outstanding, no further dividends will accrue on the share of Series H Preferred Stock called for redemption and all other rights of the holders of those shares of Series H Preferred Stock will terminate (except that, in the case of a redemption date after a dividend payment record date and prior to the related Series H Dividend Payment Date, holders of Series H Preferred Stock on the applicable record date will be entitled on such Series H Dividend Payment Date to receive the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding Series H Dividend Payment Date). The holders of those shares of Series H Preferred Stock will retain their right to receive the redemption price for their shares and any accrued and unpaid dividends to (but not including) the redemption date, without interest from the date of such redemption. 
 (iv) At its election, the Corporation, prior to a redemption date, may irrevocably deposit the redemption price (including accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date) of the Series H Preferred Stock so called for redemption in trust for the holders thereof with a bank or trust company, in which case the redemption notice to holders of the Series H Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall (A) state the date of such deposit, (B) specify the office of such bank or trust company as the place of payment of the redemption price and (C) require such holders to surrender the certificates evidencing such shares at such place on or about the date fixed in such redemption notice (which may not be later than the redemption date) against payment of the redemption price (including all accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date). Subject to applicable escheat laws, any monies so deposited which remain unclaimed by the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock at the end of two years after the redemption date shall be returned by such bank or trust company to the Corporation. 
 H-7 

(f) Any shares of Series H Preferred Stock that shall at any time have been redeemed shall, after such redemption, have the status of authorized but unissued Preferred Stock, without designation as to series until such shares are once more designated as part of a particular series by the Board. 
 
 (6) Voting Rights . Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Series H Preferred Stock shall not have any relative, participating, optional or other voting rights or powers, and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action. In any matter in which the holders of Series H Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, each such holder shall have the right to one vote for each share of Series H Preferred Stock held by such holder. 
 (a) If and whenever six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series H Preferred Stock are in arrears, whether or not earned or declared, the number of members then constituting the Board will be increased by two and the holders of Series H Preferred Stock, voting together as a class with the holders of any other series of Parity Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (any such other series, the Voting Preferred Stock ), will have the right to elect two additional directors of the Corporation (the Preferred Stock Directors at an annual meeting of stockholders or a properly called special meeting of the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock and such Voting Preferred Stock and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders until all such dividends and dividends for the then current quarterly period on the Series H Preferred Stock and such other Voting Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and set aside for payment. Whenever all arrears in dividends on the Series H Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding have been paid and full dividends on the Series H Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Stock for the then current quarterly dividend period have been paid in full or declared and set apart for payment in full, then the right of the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Stock to elect the two Preferred Stock Directors will cease, the terms of office of the Preferred Stock Directors will forthwith terminate and the number of members of the Board will be reduced accordingly provided, however, that the right of the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock and the Voting Preferred Stock to elect the Preferred Stock Directors will again vest if and whenever six quarterly dividends are in arrears, as described above. In no event shall the holders of Series H Preferred Stock be entitled pursuant to these voting rights to elect a director that would cause the Corporation to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director independence of any national securities exchange on which any class or series of the Corporation s stock is listed. In class votes with other Voting Preferred Stock, preferred stock of different series shall vote in proportion to the liquidation preference of the preferred stock. 
 (b) So long as any shares of Series H Preferred Stock are outstanding, the approval of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding Series H Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, either at a meeting of stockholders or by written consent, is required (i) to amend, alter or repeal any provisions of the Charter (including these Articles Supplementary), whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, to affect materially and adversely the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock, unless in connection with any such amendment, alteration or repeal, the Series H Preferred Stock remains outstanding without the terms thereof being materially changed in any respect adverse to the holders thereof or is converted into or exchanged for preferred stock of 
 H-8 

the surviving entity having preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption thereof that are substantially similar to those of the Series H Preferred Stock, or (ii) to authorize, create, or increase the authorized amount of any class or series of capital stock having rights senior to the Series H Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up (provided that if such amendment affects materially and adversely the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of one or more but not all of the other series of Voting Preferred Stock, the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of each such series so affected is required). However, the Corporation may create additional classes of Parity Stock and Junior Stock, amend the Charter and these Articles Supplementary to increase the authorized number of shares of Parity Stock (including the Series H Preferred Stock) and Junior Stock and issue additional series of Parity Stock and Junior Stock without the consent of any holder of Series H Preferred Stock. 
 (c) The foregoing voting provisions shall not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding Series H Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust to effect such redemption. 
 
 (7) Information Rights . During any period in which the Corporation is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and any shares of Series H Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation will (i) transmit by mail (or other permissible means under the Exchange Act) to all holders of Series H Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear in the record books of the Corporation and without cost to such holders, copies of the annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that the Corporation would have been required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if the Corporation were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required) and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective holder of Series H Preferred Stock. The Corporation will mail (or otherwise provide) the information to the holders of Series H Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission if the Corporation were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in each case, based on the dates on which the Corporation would be required to file such periodic reports if the Corporation were a non-accelerated filer within the meaning of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (8) Other Limitations Ownership and Transfer of the Series H Preferred Stock. The Series H Preferred Stock constitutes Capital Stock (as defined in the Charter) of the Corporation and is governed by and issued subject to all the ownership and transfer restrictions of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock generally, including but not limited to the terms and conditions (including exceptions and exemptions) of Article VII of the Charter applicable to Capital Stock. The foregoing sentence shall not be construed to limit the applicability to the Series H Preferred Stock of any other term or provision of the Charter. 
 
 (9) Conversion Upon a Change of Control . The Series H Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other property or securities of the Corporation, except as provided in this Section 9. 
 H-9 

(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series H Preferred Stock will have the right, subject to the Special Redemption Right of the Corporation, to convert some or all of the shares of Series H Preferred Stock held by such holder (the Change of Control Conversion Right on the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined herein) into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock (as defined in the Charter) per share of Series H Preferred Stock (the Common Stock Conversion Consideration equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of (x) 25.00, plus (y) an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined herein), except if such Change of Control Conversion Date is after a record date for a Series H Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series H Dividend Payment Date, in which case the amount pursuant to this clause (i)(y) shall equal 0.00 in respect of such dividend payment to be made on such Series H Dividend Payment Date, by (ii) the Common Stock Price (as defined herein) (such quotient, the Conversion Rate ), and (B) 2.8198 (the Share Cap ), subject to the immediately succeeding paragraph. 
 The Share Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any share splits (including those effected pursuant to a Class A Common Stock dividend), subdivisions or combinations (in each case, a Share Split with respect to Class A Common Stock as follows the adjusted Share Cap as the result of a Share Split shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is equivalent to the product of (i) the Share Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration (as defined herein), as applicable) issuable in connection with the exercise of the Change of Control Conversion Right shall not exceed 28,198,415 shares of Class A Common Stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable), subject to increase to the extent the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase additional Series H Preferred Stock in the initial public offering of Series H Preferred Stock is exercised, not to exceed 32,428,178 shares of Class A Common Stock in total (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable) (the Exchange Cap ). The Exchange Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any Share Splits with respect to Class A Common Stock as follows the adjusted Exchange Cap as the result of a Share Split will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is equivalent to the product of (i) the Exchange Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. 
 In the case of a Change of Control as a result of which holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive consideration other than solely shares of Class A Common Stock, including other securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) with respect to or in exchange for shares of Class A Common Stock (the Alternative Form Consideration ), a holder of Series H Preferred Stock shall be entitled thereafter to convert 
 H-10 

(subject to the Corporation s Special Redemption Right) such Series H Preferred Stock not into Class A Common Stock but solely into the kind and amount of Alternative Form Consideration which the holder of Series H Preferred Stock would have owned or been entitled to receive upon such Change of Control as if such holder of Series H Preferred Stock then held the Common Stock Conversion Consideration immediately prior to the effective time of the Change of Control (the Alternative Conversion Consideration, and the Common Stock Conversion Consideration or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, as may be applicable to a Change of Control, shall be referred to herein as the Conversion Consideration ). 
 If the holders of Class A Common Stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in such Change of Control, the Conversion Consideration will be deemed to be the kind and amount of consideration actually received by holders of a majority of Class A Common Stock that voted for such an election (if electing between two types of consideration) or holders of a plurality of Class A Common Stock that voted for such an election (if electing between more than two types of consideration), as the case may be. 
 As used herein, Common Stock Price will mean (i) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of shares of Class A Common Stock is solely cash, the amount of cash consideration per share of Class A Common Stock, (ii) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of Class A Common Stock is other than solely cash, the average of the closing price per share of Class A Common Stock on the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the effective date of the Change of Control, and (iii) if there is not a readily determinable closing price for the Class A Common Stock or Alternative Form Consideration (as defined herein), the fair market value of Class A Common Stock or such Alternative Form Consideration (as determined by the Board or a committee thereof). 
 (b) No fractional shares of Class A Common Stock shall be issued upon the conversion of Series H Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, holders shall be entitled to receive the cash value of such fractional shares based on the Common Stock Price. 
 (c) Within 15 days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Corporation shall provide to holders of Series H Preferred Stock a notice of occurrence of the Change of Control that describes the resulting Change of Control Conversion Right. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the conversion of any Series H Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. Each notice shall state the following (i) the events constituting the Change of Control (ii) the date of the Change of Control (iii) the last date on which the holders of Series H Preferred Stock may exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right, which shall be the Change of Control Conversion Date (iv) the method and period for calculating the Common Stock Price (v) the Change of Control Conversion Date, which will be a business day occurring within 20 to 35 days following the date of the notice (vi) if applicable, the type and amount of Alternative Conversion Consideration entitled to be received per share of Series H Preferred Stock (vii) the name and address of the paying agent and the conversion agent and (viii) the procedures that the holders of Series H Preferred Stock must follow to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right. 
 H-11 

(d) The Corporation shall issue a press release for publication on the Dow Jones & Company, Inc., Business Wire, PR Newswire or Bloomberg Business News (or, if such organizations are not in existence at the time of issuance of such press release, such other news or press organization as is reasonably calculated to broadly disseminate the relevant information to the public), or post notice on the Corporation s website, in any event prior to the opening of business on the first Business Day following any date on which the Corporation provides notice pursuant to paragraph (c) above to the holders of Series H Preferred Stock. 
 (e) In order to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right, a holder of Series H Preferred Stock shall be required to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the certificates (if any) evidencing the shares of Series H Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer, together with a written conversion notice completed, to the transfer agent. Such conversion notice shall state (i) the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date (ii) the number of shares of Series H Preferred Stock to be converted and (iii) that the shares of Series H Preferred Stock are to be converted pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Series H Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the shares of Series H Preferred Stock are held in global form, such notice shall comply with applicable procedures of the Depository Trust Company DTC ). The Change of Control Conversion Date shall be a Business Day set forth in the notice of Change of Control provided in accordance with paragraph 9(c) hereof that is no less than 20 days nor more than 35 days after the date on which the Corporation gives such notice pursuant to paragraph 9(c) hereof. 
 (f) Holders of Series H Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of a Change of Control Conversion Right (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Corporation s transfer agent prior to the close of business on the Business Day prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date. The notice of withdrawal must state (i) the number of withdrawn shares of Series H Preferred Stock (ii) if certificated shares of Series H Preferred Stock have been issued, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn shares of Series H Preferred Stock and (iii) the number of shares of Series H Preferred Stock, if any, which remain subject to the conversion notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the shares of Series H Preferred Stock are held in global form, the notice of withdrawal shall comply with applicable DTC procedures. 
 (g) Series H Preferred Stock as to which the Change of Control Conversion Right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion notice has not been properly withdrawn shall be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration in accordance with the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 
 (h) In connection with the exercise of any Change of Control Conversion Right, the Corporation will comply with all U.S. federal and state securities laws and stock exchange rules in connection with any conversion of Series H Preferred Stock into Class A Common Stock. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no holder of Series H Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert such Series H Preferred Stock for Class A Common Stock to the extent that receipt of such Class A Common Stock would cause such holder (or any other person) to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own, within the meaning of the Charter, Common Stock of the Corporation in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit, as such term is defined in the Charter. 
 H-12 

(10) Record Holders . The Corporation and the transfer agent for the Series H Preferred Stock may deem and treat the record holder of any Series H Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes, and neither the Corporation nor the transfer agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
 H-13 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.6>
 3
 exhibit46dbrg2022q4.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED

Document 

Exhibit 4.6 
 
 DIGITALBRIDGE GROUP INC. 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of our securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This description also summarizes relevant provisions of Maryland law and certain provisions of our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended (the Charter ), and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ). The following description does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the applicable provisions of Maryland law and our Charter and Bylaws, each of which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.6 is a part. We encourage you to read the Charter, the Bylaws and the applicable provisions of Maryland law for additional information. 
 
 General 
 Our Charter provides that we are authorized to issue up to 1,250,000,000 shares of stock, consisting of 949,000,000 shares of Class A common stock Class A common stock ), 1,000,000 shares of Class B common stock Class B common stock ), 50,000,000 shares of Performance common stock Performance common stock ), and 250,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which (i) 11,500,000 shares are classified as Series H preferred stock Series H preferred stock (ii) 13,800,000 shares are classified as Series I preferred stock Series I preferred stock and (iii) 12,650,000 shares are classified as Series J preferred stock Series J preferred stock ). 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights of Common Stock 
 
 Except as may otherwise be specified in the terms of any class or series of shares of common stock or Performance common stock, each outstanding share of Class A common stock entitles the holder to one vote and each outstanding share of Class B common stock entitles the holder to 36.5 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors, and, except as provided with respect to any other class or series of shares of stock, the holders of such shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will possess the exclusive voting power and will vote as a single class. There will be no cumulative voting in the election of directors. A nominee for director shall be elected as a director only if such nominee receives the affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes cast for and against such nominee, unless there is a contested election, in which case directors shall be elected by a plurality of votes cast at a meeting. Holders of shares of Performance common stock are not entitled to vote, except that the consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Performance common stock, voting as a separate class, is required for any amendment to our Charter that would increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of Performance common stock, increase or decrease the par value of the shares of Performance common stock, or alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Performance common stock so as to affect them adversely. 
 
 Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, as amended (the MGCL ), a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, convert into another form of entity, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless 
 1 

declared advisable by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a lesser percentage (but not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the corporation s charter. Our Charter provides that these actions may be taken if declared advisable by our board of directors and approved by the vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, Maryland law permits a corporation to transfer all or substantially all of its assets without the approval of the stockholders of the corporation to one or more persons if all of the equity interests of the person or persons are owned, directly or indirectly, by the corporation. 
 
 Dividends, Liquidation and Other Rights 
 
 Subject to the preferential rights of any other class or series of stock of our company, including our preferred stock, described below, holders of shares of common stock and Performance common stock are entitled to receive dividends on such shares of stock if, as and when authorized by our board, and declared by us out of assets or funds legally available therefor. Such holders are also entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of its liquidation, dissolution or winding up or any distribution of our assets after payment or establishment of reserves or other adequate provision for all debts and liabilities of our company and any class or series of stock with preferential rights related thereto, including preferred stock. Under Maryland law, stockholders generally are not liable for the corporation s debts or obligations. If and when our board authorizes or declares a dividend or other distribution with respect to our Class A common stock, such authorization or declaration will constitute a simultaneous authorization or declaration of an equivalent dividend or other distribution with respect to each share of our Class B common stock and each share of our Performance common stock provided, however, that dividends on shares of our Performance common stock may not exceed any dividends declared on shares of our Class A common stock at the time such dividend is made. 
 
 Holders of shares of our common stock and Performance common stock have no preference, conversion (other than as described below with respect to our Class B common stock and Performance common stock), exchange, sinking fund or redemption rights, have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities and have appraisal rights as described below. Shares of our common stock and Performance common stock will have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. 
 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company or any distribution of the assets of our company, each holder of common stock will be entitled to participate, together with any other class of stock not having a preference over our common stock, in the distribution of any remaining assets after payment of our debts and liabilities and distributions to holders of shares having a preference over our common stock. 
 
 Power to Reclassify Our Unissued Shares of Our Securities 
 
 Our Charter authorizes our board to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock into other classes or series of shares of our common stock or preferred stock and to establish the number of shares in each class or series and to set the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption for each such class or series. As a result, subject to any preferences on the preferred stock, our board could authorize the issuance of a new series or class of shares of preferred stock that have priority over the common stock with respect to dividends, distributions and rights upon liquidation and with other terms and conditions that could have the effect 
 2 

of delaying, deterring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of shares of our common stock or otherwise might be in their best interest. 
 
 Power to Issue Additional Shares of Our Securities 
 
 We believe that the power of our board to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of our securities and to classify or reclassify unissued shares of our securities and thereafter to cause the issuance of such classified or reclassified shares of our securities will provide us with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other needs that might arise. The additional classes or series will be available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. Although our board does not intend to do so, it could authorize us to issue a class or series that could, depending upon the terms of the particular class or series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium price for holders of our securities or that our stockholders might not view as being in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 Dissenters Rights 
 
 Our Charter establishes certain dissenters rights in addition to those available to stockholders of a Maryland corporation with stock listed on a national securities exchange. The MGCL provides that a dissenting or objecting stockholder has the right to demand and receive payment of the fair value of the stockholder s stock from a successor corporation if (i) the corporation consolidates or merges with another corporation (ii) the corporation s stock is to be acquired in a share exchange (iii) the corporation transfers all or substantially all of its assets in a transaction requiring approval of the corporation s stockholders (iv) the corporation amends its charter in a way which alters the contract rights, as expressly set forth in the charter, of any outstanding stock and substantially adversely affects the stockholder s rights, unless the right to do so is reserved in the charter of the corporation (which right is so reserved in our Charter) (v) the transaction is subject to certain provisions of the Maryland Business Combination Act or (vi) the corporation is being converted to another entity form. 
 
 The MGCL provides that, subject to a limited exception, a stockholder may not demand the fair value of the stockholder s stock and is bound by the terms of the transaction if, among other things, the stock is listed on a national securities exchange on the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on the matter. Holders of shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock shall be entitled to exercise the rights of an objecting stockholder provided for under Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL or any successor statute. In addition to the statutory rights of objecting stockholders and notwithstanding the limitations on exercising the rights of an objecting stockholder when the stock is listed on a national securities exchange, a holder of shares of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock shall have the additional right, pursuant to our Charter, to demand and receive payment of the fair value of such stockholder s shares of common stock in any merger, consolidation or statutory share exchange if the holder is required by the terms of an agreement or plan of merger, consolidation or statutory share exchange to accept for such shares anything except 
 3 

shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from such merger, consolidation, or statutory share exchange, or depository receipts in respect thereof shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts in respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the merger or consolidation will be either listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 holders cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing clauses or any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing clauses. 
 
 Holders of shares of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock exercising the rights of an objecting stockholder provided in our Charter must comply with the requirements to properly exercise such rights set forth in Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL to the same extent as if they were exercising the rights of objecting stockholders provided for in Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL or any successor statute. 
 
 Conversion of Our Class B Common Stock 
 Each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically. 

into one fully paid and non-assessable share of Class A common stock, if Thomas J. Barrack, Jr. or any of his family members (or trusts for the benefit of his family members) directly or indirectly transfers beneficial ownership of Class B common stock other than among each other, for each share of Class B common stock so transferred and into one fully paid and non-assessable share of Class A common stock for every 35.5 DigitalBridge OP units (as defined below) involved in such transfer or cessation if Mr. Barrack directly or indirectly transfers beneficial ownership of any membership units in our operating partnership, which we refer to as DigitalBridge OP units, directly or indirectly held by him, other than to a Qualified Transferee (as defined below), any Qualified Transferee directly or indirectly transfers beneficial ownership of DigitalBridge OP units directly or indirectly held by it other than to Mr. Barrack or to another Qualified Transferee, or a Qualified Transferee that beneficially owns DigitalBridge OP units ceases at any time to continue to be a Qualified Transferee (including, without limitation, the failure of a Qualified Transferee that is an executive of our company to be employed by our company or as the result of a divorce or annulment). 
 Qualified Transferee means Colony Capital, LLC and Colony Capital Holdings, LLC and any member or interest holder of CCH Management Partners I, LLC, CCH Management Partners II, LLC, Colony Capital, LLC or Colony Capital Holdings, LLC for so long as any such person remains employed by our company or our affiliates, any family member or affiliate of such persons or any person controlled by any combination of one or more of such persons or their family members. Neither our company nor our operating partnership will be a Qualified Transferee. The purpose of this automatic conversion feature is to ensure that the holders of our Class B common stock do not at any time have votes in excess of the number of DigitalBridge OP units then held by them (or the other permitted holders described above) to the extent that a share of Class B common stock or any group of 35.5 DigitalBridge OP 
 4 

units is transferred or ceases to be held by a permitted holder, a share of Class B common stock will convert into one share of Class A common stock, thereafter carrying only one vote. 
 
 Each holder of Class B common stock will have the right, at the holder s option at any time and from time to time, to convert all or a portion of such holder s Class B common stock into an equal number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Class A common stock by delivering the certificates (if any) representing the shares of Class B common stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer, together with a written conversion notice to the transfer agent for Class B common stock (or if there is no transfer agent, to us). 
 
 Conversion of Our Performance Common Stock 
 
 As all outstanding shares of our Performance common stock converted automatically to Class A common stock in connection with the tri-party merger among Colony Capital, Inc., NorthStar Asset Management Group Inc. and NorthStar Realty Finance Corp., which closed on January 10, 2017, we have no shares of Performance common stock outstanding. We do not intend to issue any Performance common stock in the future. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our Class A common stock is listed for trading on the NYSE. It is listed under the symbol DBRG. 
 
 Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and Our Charter and Bylaws 
 
 Our Board of Directors 
 
 Our Charter and Bylaws provide that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock, the number of directors of our company may be established by our board but may not be fewer than the minimum required by the MGCL (which is currently one) nor more than 15. Our Charter provides that vacancies on our board may be filled in the manner provided in our Bylaws, which provide that vacancies on our board may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, or by the stockholders to the extent that such vacancy results from the removal of a director by the stockholders. Under Maryland law, stockholders may fill a vacancy on our board that is caused by the removal of a director. Any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. 
 
 There will be no cumulative voting in the election of directors. A nominee for director shall be elected as a director if such nominee receives the affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes cast for and against such nominee at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present. However, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present for which (i) our secretary receives notice that a stockholder has nominated an individual for election as a director in compliance with the advance notice requirements set forth in our Bylaws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or before the close of business on the 10th day before the date of filing of our 
 5 

definitive proxy statement with the SEC, and, as a result of which, the number of nominees is greater than the number of directors to be elected at the meeting. We adopted a resignation policy in our Corporate Governance Guidelines that requires an incumbent director who fails to receive the required vote for re-election to offer to resign from our board. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 Our Charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock, a director may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. 
 
 Action by Written Consent 
 
 Our Charter and Bylaws, taken together, provide that stockholders may act by unanimous written consent, or, if the action is first declared advisable by our board of directors, if authorized by the written consent of stockholders entitled to cast not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize the action at a meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as 

any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 
 A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors of the corporation approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. In approving a transaction, our board may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by our board. 
 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 
 6 

80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder 
 
 These supermajority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
 
 The statute provides various exemptions from its provisions, including for business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Pursuant to the statute, our board, through a board resolution, has exempted any business combinations between us and any person, provided that any such business combination is first approved by our board (including a majority of the directors of our company who are not affiliates or associates of such person). Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the supermajority vote requirements will not apply to business combinations between us and any interested stockholders (or their affiliates) that are first approved by our board of directors. As a result, such parties may be able to enter into business combinations with us that may not be in the best interest of the stockholders of our company, without compliance with the supermajority vote requirements and the other provisions of the statute. 
 
 The business combination statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of our company and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 
 Maryland law provides that control shares (as defined below) of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition (as defined below) have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of the holders entitled to cast two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or by directors who are employees of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power 

one-tenth or more but less than one-third one-third or more but less than a majority or a majority or more of all voting power 
 
 7 

Control shares do not include shares that the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of directors of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 
 If voting rights of the control shares acquired in a control share acquisition are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror or, if a meeting of stockholders is held at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved, as of the date of the meeting. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 
 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply (i) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (ii) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 
 Our Bylaws contain a provision exempting us from the control share acquisition statute. This provision may be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 Subtitle 8 
 
 Subtitle 8 permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in its charter or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions 
 
 a classified board a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and a majority requirement for the calling of a special meeting of stockholders. 
 8 

Our Charter provides that we may not elect to be subject to any of the provisions of Subtitle 8. 
 
 Amendments to Our Charter 
 
 Subject to the rights of any shares of preferred stock outstanding from time to time, our Charter may be amended only if declared advisable by our board and, except in limited circumstances where stockholder approval is not required by the MGCL, approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Amendments to Our Bylaws 
 
 Our Bylaws may be amended, altered, repealed, or rescinded by our board of directors or by stockholders by the affirmative vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. Any amendment of our Bylaws approved by our stockholders may not thereafter be amended by our board of directors without the affirmative vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 
 
 Dissolution 
 
 The dissolution of our company must be declared advisable by our board and approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 
 The Chairman of our board, Vice Chairman of our board, our Chief Executive Officer, our President and our board may call special meetings of our stockholders. A special meeting of our stockholders to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of our stockholders must also be called by our secretary upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast 25 of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at the meeting and containing the information required by our Bylaws. 
 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to our board and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (i) pursuant to notice of the meeting (ii) by or at the direction of our board or (iii) by a stockholder of record at the time of giving notice, at the record date set by our board for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of directors and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of our Bylaws. Stockholders generally must provide notice to our secretary not before the 150th day or after the 120th day before the first anniversary of the date of our proxy statement for the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors at the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, in order for notice by the stockholder to be timely, such notice must be so delivered not earlier than the 150th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the later of the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting, as 
 9 

originally convened, or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. 
 
 With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in the notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the board at a special meeting may be made only (i) by the board or (ii) by a stockholder at a special meeting that has been called in accordance with our Bylaws for the purpose of electing directors, provided that such stockholder is a stockholder of record at the record date set by our board for the special meeting and has complied with the advance notice provisions of our Bylaws. Stockholders generally must provide notice to our secretary no earlier than the 120th day before such special meeting and no later than the later of the 90th day before the special meeting or the 10th day after public announcement of the date of the special meeting and the nominees of our board to be elected at the meeting. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of Our Charter and Bylaws 
 
 The business combination provisions and the control share acquisition provisions of Maryland law (if later we decide to be bound by such provisions) and the advance notice provisions of our Bylaws could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in the control of our company that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interest. 
 
 Exculpation and Indemnification of Our Directors and Officers 
 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision eliminating the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (i) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (ii) active and deliberate dishonesty that is established by a final judgment and is material to the cause of action. Our Charter contains such a provision which eliminates liability of our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 
 Our Charter and Bylaws obligate our company, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while a director of our company and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, trustee, member, manager, employee, partner or agent, from and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her service in such capacity and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. Our Charter and Bylaws also require us to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of our company in any of the capacities described above and any employee or agent of our company or a predecessor of our company. 
 
 Maryland law requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our Charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made a party to, or witness in, by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Maryland law permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made, or threatened to be made, a party to, or witness in, by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that 
 
 10 

the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (i) was committed in bad faith or (ii) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 

A Maryland corporation may not indemnify a director or officer with respect to a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation in which the director or officer was adjudged liable to the corporation or a proceeding charging improper personal benefit to the director or officer in which the director or officer was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. A court may order indemnification if it determines that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, even though the director or officer did not meet the prescribed standard of conduct or was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. However, indemnification is limited to expenses for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation, or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. In addition, Maryland law permits a corporation, and our Charter requires us, to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation s receipt of (i) a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and (ii) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 
 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers which require that we indemnify such directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and that we pay such persons expenses in defending any civil or criminal proceeding in advance of final disposition of such proceeding. 
 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be provided to directors, officers or persons controlling the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of our company to our company or to the stockholders of our company (iii) any action asserting a claim against our company or any director or officer or other employee of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or our Charter or Bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or other employee of our company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 11 

Our Charter contains certain restrictions on ownership and transfer that are no longer operative following our determination not to maintain our status as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 General 
 
 Our Charter authorizes our board of directors, without the approval of our stockholders, to classify any unissued shares of preferred stock and to reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of preferred stock of any series. Prior to the issuance of shares of any series, our board of directors is required by the MGCL and our Charter to set the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption for each such series, all of which are set forth in articles supplementary to our Charter adopted for that purpose by our board of directors or a duly authorized special committee thereof (or will be, with respect to future series of preferred stock). Using this authority, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or for other reasons be desired by them. 
 
 Upon issuance against full payment of the purchase price therefor, shares of preferred stock are fully paid and nonassessable. The description of preferred stock set forth below does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the articles supplementary relating to the applicable class or series of preferred stock. 
 
 Rank 
 
 Our outstanding preferred stock, with respect to dividend rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, ranks 

senior to all classes or series of our common stock, and to all our equity securities ranking junior to such preferred stock with respect to dividend rights or rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up on a parity with all equity securities authorized or designated by us, the terms of which specifically provide that such equity securities rank on a parity with the preferred stock with respect to dividend rights or rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and junior to all our existing and future indebtedness and to any class or series of equity securities authorized or designated by us, the terms of which specifically provide that such equity securities rank senior to the preferred stock with respect to dividend rights or rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 
 Outstanding Preferred Stock 
 
 12 

Holders of our preferred stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by our board of directors, and declared by them out of assets legally available for payment, cumulative cash dividends at the applicable stated rate. The stated rate for the Series H preferred stock is 7.125 of the 25 liquidation preference per share, or 1.78125 per share, per annum the stated rate for the Series I preferred stock is 7.15 of the 25 liquidation preference per share, or 1.7875 per share, per annum and the stated rate for the Series J preferred stock is 7.125 of the 25 liquidation preference per share, or 1.78125 per share, per annum. 
 
 We may not redeem the preferred stock prior to five years from the date of the original issuance of the applicable series of preferred stock, which, for the Series H preferred stock, such five year period ended on April 13, 2020 for the Series I preferred stock, such five year period ended on June 5, 2022 and for the Series J preferred stock, such five year period ended on September 22, 2022, except pursuant to certain special optional redemption rights. On or after five years from the date of the original issuance of the applicable series of preferred stock described in this paragraph, we may, at our option, upon the notice periods set forth in the applicable Articles Supplementary creating the series of preferred stock, redeem the preferred stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon to the date fixed for redemption, without interest. 
 
 Each outstanding series of our preferred stock is subject to certain conversion and optional redemption rights upon a change of control. 
 
 The foregoing summaries of our Series H preferred stock is qualified in their entirety by reference to the description of our Series H preferred stock included in our Charter , a copy of which is incorporated by reference into the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.6 is a part. The foregoing summary of our Series I preferred stock is qualified in its entirety by reference to the description of our Series I preferred stock included in the articles supplementary designating the Series I preferred stock , a copy of which is incorporated by reference into the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.6 is a part. The foregoing summary of our Series J preferred stock is qualified in its entirety by reference to the description of our Series J preferred stock included in the articles supplementary designating the Series J preferred stock , a copy of which is incorporated by reference into the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.6 is a part. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for preferred stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. 
 
 13 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit211dbrg2022q4.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 DIGITALBRIDGE GROUP, INC. 
 LIST OF SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES Subsidiary Name 
 State or Jurisdiction of Formation 
 CFI RE Holdco, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge Group Advisors, LLC Delaware Colony Capital Investment Advisors, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge Investment Holdco, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge OP Subsidiary, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge Operating Company, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge Guarantor, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge Issuer, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge Holdings 1, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge Digital IM Holdco, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge Investment Management LLC Delaware Digital Bridge Holdings, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge Management Holdings, LLC Delaware DCP Fund Advisor, LLC Delaware Digital Bridge Advisors, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge Zeus Investor, LLC Delaware Data Bridge Intermediate Holdings, LP Delaware DataBridge Upper Parent, Inc. Delaware Colony DBH Investor, LLC Delaware DataBridge Upper Parent Holdings II, LP Delaware DataBridge Upper Parent DC, Inc. Delaware Catapult Sell Down Holdings, LP Delaware DigitalBridge Zeus Partners II, LP Delaware Data Bridge Holdings, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge Zeus GP, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge Valhalla Partners I-A, LP Delaware DigitalBridge Valhalla Partners I-A Infrastructure Holdings, LP Delaware DCR YieldCo Holdings, LP Delaware Aviator DC REIT, LLC Delaware Aviator Holdings, LP Delaware Aviator Holdings REIT, LLC Delaware Aviator Holdings, LLC Delaware Vantage Data Centers Holdings, LLC Delaware Vantage Data Centers, LLC Delaware DigitalBridge DBP Holdco, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231dbrg2022q4.htm
 CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-253752) of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (formerly Colony Capital, Inc.) pertaining to the DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-215509) of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. pertaining to the DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-197104-01) of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. pertaining to the DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan and 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-263235) of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. pertaining to the DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 of our reports dated February 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit311dbrg2022q4.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Marc C. Ganzi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 27, 2023 s Marc C. Ganzi Marc C. Ganzi Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit312dbrg2022q4.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jacky Wu, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Jacky Wu Jacky Wu Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit321dbrg2022q4.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECTUIVE OFFICER

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Marc C. Ganzi, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Marc C. Ganzi Marc C. Ganzi Chief Executive Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit322dbrg2022q4.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jacky Wu, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Jacky Wu Jacky Wu Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 dbrg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 dbrg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 dbrg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 dbrg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 dbrg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

