<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1842384_0001213900-23-025526.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4333989</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>376391</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>837705</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>961512</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1055510</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>981641</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025526.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331163057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025526
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Belong Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842384
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				861450752
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40648
		FILM NUMBER:		23788303

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		202 WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 401
		CITY:			BROOKLINE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02445
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2157319450

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		202 WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 401
		CITY:			BROOKLINE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02445

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025526.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_belongacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR 

The
Transition Period From 
To 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant BLNGU NASDAQ Capital Market Capital Market Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock BLNGW NASDAQ Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting securities held by non-affiliates
was approximately million, based on the number of shares held by non-affiliates and the last reported sales price of the registrant s
Class A common stock as of that date. 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 
shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Table
of Contents 

PART I 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 17 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 41 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 41 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 41 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 41 
 
 PART II 
 42 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 42 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 42 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 43 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 46 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 46 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 46 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 47 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 47 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 47 
 
 PART III 
 48 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 48 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 52 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 53 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 55 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 59 
 
 PART IV 
 60 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 60 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 60 

i 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to: 

we , 
 us , company or our company are to Belong Acquisition Corp.; 

anchor investors 
 are to certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors (none of which are affiliated with any member
 of our management, our sponsor or any other anchor investor), each of which purchased units in the initial public offering; 

Board 
 refers to our board of directors; 

common stock 
 are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; 

equity-linked
 securities are to any securities of our company which are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, common
 stock of our company; 

founder shares 
 are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in private placements prior to our initial public offering,
 and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein; 

initial public
 offering means the initial public offering of 15,000,000 of our units, each unit consisting of one share of our Class
 A common stock and one-half of one warrant, where each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our Class A common
 stock, which was consummated on July 27, 2021; 

initial stockholders 
 are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

private placement
 shares are to the shares of our Class A common stock included in the private placement units issued to our sponsor in
 a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

private placement
units are to the units issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
offering; 

private placement
 warrants are to the warrants included in the private placement units issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously
 with the closing of our initial public offering; 

public shares 
 are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in
 the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders 
 are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and members of our management team and Board to the extent
 any of them purchases public shares, provided that each such initial stockholder s and individual s status as a public
 stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants 
 are to our warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering
 or thereafter in the open market) and to any private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans
 that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or officers or directors (or permitted transferees) following the
 consummation of our initial business combination; 

specified future
 issuance are to an issuance of a class of equity or equity-linked securities to specified purchasers that we may determine
 to make in connection with financing our initial business combination; 

sponsor 
 are to Belong Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in which certain of our officers and directors are,
 directly or indirectly, a member; and 

warrants 
 are to our warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements in this Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws.
Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words
 anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include,
for example, statements about: 

our ability to select
 an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete
 our initial business combination; 

our ability to consummate
 an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic COVID-19 

our expectations around
 the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining
 or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors
 allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial
 business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability
 to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective
 target businesses; 

failure to maintain the
 listing on, or the delisting of our securities from, the Nasdaq Capital Market NASDAQ or an inability to have our
 securities listed on NASDAQ or another national securities exchange following our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers
 and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities 
 liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for
 our securities; 

the use of proceeds not
 held in the trust account (the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not
 being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance
 following our initial public offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in the section of this Annual Report entitled
 Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be
required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 

iii 

Risk
Factor Summary 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section title Risk Factors, 
that represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy. The occurrence of one or more
of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events
or circumstances, may adversely affect our ability to effect a business combination, and may have an adverse effect on our business,
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

newly formed company without
 an operating history; 

delay in receiving distributions
 from the trust account; 

lack of opportunity to
 vote on our proposed business combination; 

our ability to complete
 our initial business combination by July 27, 2023; 

lack of protections afforded
 to investors of blank check companies; 

deviation from acquisition
 criteria; 

issuance of equity and/or
 debt securities to complete a business combination; 

lack of working capital; 

third-party claims
 reducing the per-share redemption price; 

our stockholders being
 held liable for claims by third parties against us; 

failure to enforce our
 sponsor s indemnification obligations; 

warrant holders limited
 to exercising warrants only on a cashless basis; 

the ability of warrant
 holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company; 

dependence on key personnel; 

conflicts of interest of
 our sponsor, officers and directors; 

the delisting of our securities
 by NASDAQ; 

dependence on a single
 target business with a limited number of products or services; 

shares being redeemed and
 warrants becoming worthless; 

our competitors with advantages
 over us in seeking business combinations; 

ability to obtain additional
 financing; 

our initial stockholders
 controlling a substantial interest in us; 

warrants adverse effect
 on the market price of our common stock; 

disadvantageous timing
 for redeeming warrants; 

registration rights 
 adverse effect on the market price of our common stock; 

impact of COVID-19 and
 related risks; 

business combination with
 a company located in a foreign jurisdiction; 

changes in laws or regulations; 

tax consequences to business
 combinations; and 

exclusive forum provisions
 in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

iv 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

We
are an early stage blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities,
which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination. 

Although
we may pursue a business combination opportunity in any business or industry, we focus our efforts on identifying high-growth technology
and tech-enabled businesses in sectors such as e-commerce, software, and digital media. We believe our management team and Board s
diverse backgrounds and decades of experience gives us unique reach among founders, executives and investors in these sectors, which
gives us a competitive advantage to source, pursue, and successfully close a business combination. 

We
believe that we are one of the most diverse special purpose acquisition companies (SPAC) targeting the technology industry and that our
focus on diversity creates advantages in sourcing and pursuit of a business combination. The gender and cultural diversity in our team
enables us to create inbound interest from founders and boards who value diversity or need assistance to improve the diversity of their
teams. In addition, many founders and management teams are themselves from diverse backgrounds and may prefer a partner who values and
reflects that diversity. We also believe that our own diversity provides access to deep networks of professionals with an emphasis on
mentoring and assisting others with similar diverse backgrounds. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had not yet commenced operations. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation
and its initial public offering, and identifying a target company for our initial business combination. 

On
July 27, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering of 15,000,000 units (the units ). Each unit consists
of one share of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class A common stock ), and one-half of one warrant public
warrant ), each whole warrant entitling the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. The units
were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 150,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of
the initial public offering and the sale of the units, the Company consummated the private placement private placement of an aggregate of 550,000 private placement units to our sponsor at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating total proceeds
of 5,500,000. 

Following
the closing of the initial public offering on July 27, 2021, an amount of 150,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the units in the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units was placed in a trust account and were invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier
of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the trust account to the public
stockholders, as described herein. 

On
December 21, 2022, we held a special meeting of our stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, our stockholders
approved an amendment (the IMTA Amendment to the Company s Investment Management Trust Agreement (the IMTA ),
dated July 22, 2021, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company CST ), as trustee, and an amendment to the
Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, to extend the date by which we must consummate a business combination
transaction from January 27, 2023 to July 27, 2023 (the Charter Amendment ). In connection with the approval and implementation
of the Charter Amendment, the holders of 10,953,158 shares of our Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for
cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.087 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 110,484,822. Following
such redemptions, 4,596,842 shares of Class A common stock remain outstanding. 

In
connection with the Special Meeting, the Company and its sponsor also entered into non-redemption agreements with certain stockholders
(the Non-Redemption Agreements ). Each Non-Redemption Agreement provides for the allocation of up to 100,000 shares of Class
B common stock in exchange for the investor agreeing to hold and not redeem certain public shares at the Special Meeting. Pursuant
to the Non-Redemption Agreements, a total of 887,237 shares of Class B common stock were allocated to the participating investors by
the sponsor. 

1 

Business
Strategy 

We
seek to address a large and growing opportunity we have identified in recent years, which we believe our diverse team is uniquely built
to impact: later-stage technology and tech-enabled growth companies, many venture or growth capital backed, who struggle to
get attention from private growth investors because they are not perceived as sole market winners or unicorns. 
These diamonds in the rough are strategically well-positioned, high-growth, and with strong management teams, but often
can achieve far stronger results and create substantially more shareholder value if they had better access to capital. They could augment
their executive teams, accelerate investment into growth, and scale more effectively. Additionally, these diamonds in the rough often
represent better investment opportunities because they have been operating under real budget constraints and likely are available at
more reasonable valuations. Because these companies have more limited paths to growth capital or to IPO, SPACs have become attractive
opportunities for them to secure capital and access public markets. 

Diamonds
in the rough exist in multiple segments of the market: 

High-growth companies that are looking for capital,
 desiring a partner who can roll up their sleeves to help them become a public company and upgrade elements of their management team. 

Companies that are self-funded or under the radar
 and not a part of the flow of Silicon Valley. These companies often are generating cash flow but do not have direct access to funds
 to turbocharge their growth. 

Companies whose growth is enabled by technology but
 are perceived and valued as non-tech businesses. Further investment and highlighting the technology story can allow repositioning
 of these businesses to the public. 

We
believe there is a large universe of relevant opportunities in these categories. In the pool of venture-backed companies alone,
Crunchbase reports that companies have raised 1,333 funding rounds from VC firms larger than 100M since the beginning of 2019 through
February 23, 2021. They also note that from 2018-2020, there was an annual average of 191B of late-stage VC and tech growth
investment globally. We believe SPACs such as ours have the opportunity to combine the benefits of a late-stage VC funding round
with access to public markets and gain share of this fundraising universe. 

We
bring a highly differentiated and diverse set of backgrounds to sourcing transaction opportunities, which matches well with our target
company profile. Our diversity of backgrounds and experiences gives us broad networks in the worlds of VC, start-ups, private equity,
and large technology companies. Our Board includes the CFO of a prominent technology company that went public through a SPAC (Mr. Park),
providing differential perspective on the experience and incentives of our targets. In addition we are developing a scout network 
consisting of prominent founders, investors and executives to help augment deal flow, and we are partnering with experienced SPAC investors
who can support us in capital markets transactions. 

Our
 scout network broadens our access to potential transaction opportunities outside typical competitive deal sourcing intermediaries.
These founders, investors, and executives are well-connected in our target sectors and typically do not have any pre-existing relationships
with similar SPACs. As such we have the opportunity to be their preferred partner for opportunities that they might think are appropriate
for a SPAC. We have not made any upfront economic arrangements with members of our scout network, but have offered them the opportunity
to earn a transaction-related bonus from our sponsor in cash or founder shares, in its sole discretion, if they provide material
assistance in sourcing or consummating the business combination. 

We
believe our focus on diversity creates advantages in sourcing and pursuit of a business combination. As a diverse SPAC targeting the
technology industry, we can provide a differentiated means of public market access to a diverse set of founders and creators within the
space. The gender and cultural diversity in our team enables us to stand out among the field of SPACs and create inbound interest from
founders and boards who value diversity or need assistance to improve the diversity of their team or board. In addition, many founders
and management teams are themselves from diverse backgrounds and may prefer a partner who values and reflects that diversity. We also
believe that our own diversity provides access to deep networks of professionals with an emphasis on mentoring and assisting others with
similar diverse backgrounds which may be tapped to build a pipeline of potential acquisition targets. 

We
also leverage our experience working with a diverse set of pre-IPO companies to offer a toolkit of value-added capabilities
we can provide to a merger partner including executive recruiting, financial readiness, investor relations support, and capital markets
expertise. Our team has hands-on operating experience in start-ups, high growth companies, and mature corporations in both private
and public company settings. As mentioned above, our Board includes multiple executives who led pioneering SPAC transactions in the technology
sector and can provide unique insight on the process to a target company. Our team also brings extensive experience leading capital markets
transactions, including IPOs, large-scale M A and debt financings. We believe we offer a highly differentiated value proposition
to become the SPAC partner of choice to the diamonds in the rough. 

2 

Acquisition
Criteria 

Our
team and Board have deep experience evaluating investment opportunities in private equity, venture capital, and corporate M A settings,
with an approach grounded in deep fundamental diligence of the company and sector. We believe our collective experience allows us to
identify and execute on a business combination with an attractive target that will result in highly attractive expected risk-adjusted returns. 

Consistent
with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating
prospective target businesses. We use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating initial business combination opportunities, but we
may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

We look for companies that
 bring unique value to customers in a sustainably differentiated manner 

We look for companies operating
 in a large market with stable fundamental growth drivers 

We look for companies whose
 growth is driven or accelerated by unique application of technology 

We look for companies where
 we can bring unique impact with our partnership 

We look for a diversity
 of backgrounds in founders and senior management 

We look for companies with
 sufficient scale and management talent to be strong public companies 

We look for companies whose
 success can be accelerated by access to significant additional capital and public markets 

As
described above, we focus our search among late-stage VC-backed companies across the high-growth technology sector that
we call diamonds in the rough. These companies are largely US-based and between 750 million and 1.5 billion in enterprise
value. Subsectors we focus on include, but are not limited to, e-commerce, digital media, software-as-a-service, and consumer technology. 

The
above criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination
may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not
meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder
communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Annual Report, would be in the form of proxy
materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we would file with the SEC. In evaluating a prospective target business, we
conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews,
interviews of customers and suppliers, inspections of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information which will be
made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Our
Management Team 

Our management team is led by Jennifer Deason,
our Chairman, Peter Saldarriaga, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and Joel Washington, our President and Chief
Investment Officer. They are complemented by our diverse and accomplished Board, and our Senior Advisors, Manish Patel and George Arison. 

Ms. Deason is an experienced operator in diverse
environments with a particular emphasis on digital transformations and technology s impact on both start-ups and legacy businesses.
She is a veteran executive who has led both large scale businesses and start-ups. She is currently the CEO of Home Partners of America,
a real estate technology business. She was formerly CFO and Chief Business Officer at the dtx company, where she canvased the DTC
landscape, made venture investments and worked with the team to build out the Flowcode technology platform. She previously worked at The
Weather Company (CFO), and Sotheby s (EVP of Strategy and Business Development). She currently sits on two public boards, Concentrix
(NASDAQ: CNXC) and DHI (NYSE: DHX), and a private DTC board, Margaux. 

3 

Ms. Deason
previously spent nine years at Bain Capital focused on portfolio operations, primarily in media, tech and consumer investments. Her most
extensive experiences were with The Weather Company (sold to IBM and Entertainment Studios), Bright Horizons (IPO), and Consolidated
Container Co. (Interim President, acquired by Loews Corporation). While at Bain Capital she worked with Mr. Saldarriaga on the Weather
Company investment. She worked on the operational side while Mr. Saldarriaga was instrumental in driving a complex transaction involving
a corporate split in the face of rapidly changing underlying business dynamics. 

Ms. Deason
began her career at Alex. Brown (Deutsche Bank) and eBay in Silicon Valley before spending four years at McKinsey Co focused
on media, consumer, technology, and private equity. She received an MBA from Stanford University and a B.A. from Yale University. She
currently lives in New York City with her husband and two children and serves on the Board of MassMoCA. 

Mr. Saldarriaga, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, is an experienced investor and advisor, with over fifteen years of experience working with companies across
a wide array of industries. Since October 2022, he has served as a Managing Director of Ara Partners, a private equity firm focused on
industrial decarbonization. Prior to co-founding Belong, he spent twelve years as a private equity investor at Bain Capital, where he
was a senior member of the technology, digital media, and industrials investment teams. In these roles he built extensive networks with
executives, advisors, and deal sources across numerous subsectors. Mr. Saldarriaga has led a broad variety of capital markets and
M A transactions globally while serving as a key advisor to management teams on operations and strategy. He currently sits on the
boards of two private companies in the Ara Partners portfolio, GIDARA Energy and Puraglobe. 

At
Bain Capital, Mr. Saldarriaga played key roles in investments in companies including Diversey, BMC Software, Applied Systems, Viewpoint
Construction Software, The Weather Company, TI Fluid Systems (LSE: TIFS), Sensata Technologies (NYSE: ST), and other transactions which
in aggregate represent over 15B in enterprise value. Of particular note, he and Ms. Deason partnered closely during several years
of collaboration on The Weather Company, culminating in the sale of its Product and Technology business to IBM in early 2016. 

Passionate
about technology from an early age, Mr. Saldarriaga earned a degree in Computer Science at Harvard College and began his career
as a management consultant with Bain and Company in New York and India, advising clients in the media, technology, financial, and
healthcare sectors on how to focus their strategies on new technological frontiers and move away from legacy business practices. He later
received an MBA from Harvard Business School. He hails originally from Orlando, Florida, and now lives outside Boston with his wife and
three children. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Our
initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least
80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on
the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our Board is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria. Except as required by applicable law, our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such
opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. 

Any
party may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds
to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We refer to this potential future
issuance, or a similar issuance to other specified purchasers, as a specified future issuance. The amount and other terms
and conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified
future issuance and may determine not to do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance. Pursuant to the anti-dilution
provisions of our Class B common stock, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio
such that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership of founder
shares at 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding plus all shares issued in the specified future
issuance, unless the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Class B common stock agreed to waive such adjustment with
respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our
Class B common stock at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio.
If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common
stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the specified
future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. 

4 

Our
Acquisition Process 

We
believe that conducting comprehensive due diligence on prospective investments is particularly important. We will utilize the diligence,
rigor, and expertise of our management and members of our Board to evaluate potential targets strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities
to identify the relative risk and return profile of any potential target for our initial business combination. Given our management team s
extensive tenure investing in technology and tech-enabled businesses, we will often be familiar with the prospective target s end-market,
competitive landscape and business model. 

In
evaluating a prospective initial business combination, we conduct a thorough diligence review that encompasses, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of assets and facilities and financial analyses, as well as a review
of other information that will be made available to us. 

Certain
of our officers and directors are employed by or affiliated with various investment funds. Such funds and individuals are continuously
made aware of potential investment opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination. 

We
may, at our option, pursue an opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any
such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional
proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one
we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we
offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In
this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock
or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a
more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public
offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the
same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could
delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business
would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders 
interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in
attracting talented employees. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

5 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted
for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the
market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and
(2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our common
stock held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not equal or
exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates did not equal or
exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

Effecting
our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend
to complete our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of
the private placement units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business
combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or
in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock,
we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance
or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing
our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other assets, companies or for working capital. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination (which may include a specified future issuance), and we may complete our initial business combination using the
proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws,
we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. In the case of an initial
business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing
the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of
such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, including pursuant to any specified future issuance,
or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring
losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

6 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

We
expect to receive a number of proprietary transaction opportunities to originate as a result of the business relationships, direct outreach,
and deal sourcing activities of our officers and directors. In addition to the proprietary deal flow, we anticipate that target business
candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment banking firms, consultants, accounting
firms, private equity groups, large business enterprises, and other market participants. These sources may also introduce us to target
businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates,
may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal
or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. Some of our officers or directors
may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The
presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate.
In no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any
finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, in connection with the successful completion
of our initial business combination, we may determine to provide a payment to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or our or their
affiliates, which payment would not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor,
officers or directors or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated
with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. If any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior
to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of
our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance
to any such entity. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may: 

subject us to negative
 economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry
 in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the
 marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business
combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the
future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team or of our Board, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination,
it is presently unknown if any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover,
we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of
the particular target business. The determination as to whether any members of our Board will remain with the combined company will be
made at the time of our initial business combination. 

7 

Following
a business combination, to the extent that we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent
management team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional
managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval
if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal
reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether
stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

Under
NASDAQ s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class
 A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors,
 officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively
 have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present
 or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential
 issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted
Purchases of Our Securities 

In
the event we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or
public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial
business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase
in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of NASDAQ. None of the funds in the trust
account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make
any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases
are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder,
although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption
rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender
offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under
the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules,
the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

8 

The
purpose of any such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that
requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that
such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public
warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial
business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our business combination that may
not otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our
securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us
directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with
our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private
purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares
for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their
affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities
laws. 

Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor
from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements
that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange
Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers
are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the
completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating
to the administration of the trust account, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. The amount in the trust account is approximately 10.12 per public share (based on the trust account balance as of January 31,
2023). The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, any private placement shares and any public
shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination. 

9 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the
completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or
conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of
the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange
listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction
with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder
vote to approve the proposed business combination. We intend to conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ, we will be required
to comply with such rules. 

If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the
 redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents
 with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information
 about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates
 the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1
to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to
comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event that we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business
days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination
until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering
more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that
we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our
initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible
asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders
tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the
 redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
 of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with
 the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

10 

If
we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common
stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or
by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares
of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our sponsor will count toward this quorum and has agreed to vote its
founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our
initial business combination. We expect that at the time of any stockholder vote relating to our initial business combination, our sponsor
and its permitted transferees will own at least 52.3 of our outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote thereon. We intend to
give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken
to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreement of our sponsor, may make it
more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules)
or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination.
For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash
to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other
conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would
be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy
cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will
not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof. 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public
stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the initial public offering (the Excess Shares ). We believe this
restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their
ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase
their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public
stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption
rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other
undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 20 of the shares sold in our initial public offering,
we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business
combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. 

Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We
may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer
documents, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute
proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders
of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to
satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials
until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials,
as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period,
it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

11 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass
this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to
exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless
of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact
such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had
an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the
company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open
market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders
were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion
of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery
prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the
date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered
its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect
to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different
target until July 27, 2023. 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only until July 27, 2023 to complete our initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination within such prescribed time period, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well
as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account (less up to 100,000 of interest released to us to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we
fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time period. 

12 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete
our initial business combination by July 27, 2023. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our
initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us (filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report), that
they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 27, 2023, unless
we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating
to the administration of the trust account divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination
(so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with
respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above) we would
not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares. 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.
However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the
extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating
to the administration of the trust account on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release
to us an amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the
proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share
redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account
could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders.
We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.00.
Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision
for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make
any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that
we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest and claim of any
kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute
such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including
but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party
that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial
to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include
the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior
to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. 

13 

In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public
accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering
into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser
amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value
of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes as well as expenses relating to the
administration of the trust account, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access
to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims We have not independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust
account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share.
In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in
connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without
limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of
the trust account, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be
too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have
not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy
those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption
price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of
our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to the amounts
held outside of the trust account to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation,
currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that
the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims
made by creditors. 

14 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public
shares in the event we do not complete our business combination by July 27, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware
law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable
provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the
corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before
any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited
to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability
of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our business combination by July 27, 2023, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such
redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of
creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating
distribution. If we are unable to complete our business combination by July 27, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating
to the administration of the trust account (less up to 100,000 of interest released to us to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly,
it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following July 27, 2023 and, therefore, we do not intend
to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be
limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as
lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our
underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly
limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor
may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public
share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due
to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will
not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our Board may be
viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company
to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot
assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

15 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares
if we do not complete our business combination by July 27, 2023, subject to applicable law, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote
to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by July 27, 2023 or (b) with respect to
any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (iii) our completion of an
initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our common stock that such stockholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations described in this report. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest
of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination,
a stockholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its
shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as
described above. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout
funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience
identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial,
technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial
resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation
to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us
for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed
favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating
an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We currently have no employees and two officers.
Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much
of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that
any such person will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business
combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual
reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. The SEC maintains
an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC at: http://www.sec.gov. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial
statements will need to be prepared in accordance with GAAP. We cannot assure you that any particular target business selected by us
as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business
will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with GAAP. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not
be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe
that this limitation will be material. 

We
are required to evaluate our internal control procedures as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be
a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company
may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development
of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary
to complete any such acquisition. 

16 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

You
should carefully consider all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, including
the financial statements. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or operating results may be materially
and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
The risk factors described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect
to us and our business. 

Our
public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our
initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
legal reasons. Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination
or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based
on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to
seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public
shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see the section of this report entitled Business Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination for additional information. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor has agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Unlike
many other blank check companies in which the initial stockholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority
of the votes cast by the public stockholders in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor agreed to vote its founder
shares and private placement shares, as well as any public shares purchased during or after the initial public offering, in favor of
our initial business combination. Our sponsor owns shares representing 52.3 of our outstanding shares of common stock as of the date
of this Annual Report and as a result no affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business
combination. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder
approval will be received than would be the case if our sponsor agreed to vote its founder shares and private placement shares in accordance
with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. 

You
may not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our Board may
complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote
on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity
to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within
the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders
in which we describe our initial business combination. 

17 

The
ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not
be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in
no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion
of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net
tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently,
if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion
of our initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not
proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective
targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many public stockholders may exercise
their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that
will be submitted for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account
to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash
in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted
for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the
trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or
the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable
business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to
the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination. The per-share amount
we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission
and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred
underwriting commissions. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If
our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires
us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased.
If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate
the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such
time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material
loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to
sell your stock in the open market. 

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination by July 27, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us
in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets
as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce
value for our stockholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination by July 27, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business
combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable
to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described
above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that
we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

18 

We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination by July 27, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive
 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination by July 27, 2023. We
may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability
to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt
markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the coronavirus outbreak continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and,
while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial
business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being
unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek
to acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well
as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account (less up to 100,000 of interest released to us to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may
elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders or public warrant holders, which may influence a vote on a
proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants
or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our
initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement
that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees
not to exercise its redemption rights. There is no limit on the number of shares our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their
affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of NASDAQ. None of the funds
in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, directors,
officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already
elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their
shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a
target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it
appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the
number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange
Act to the extent the purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock and the number of beneficial holders
of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. 

If
a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails
to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination.
Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder
may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable,
that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures
that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such
holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute
proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with
these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See the section of this Annual Report entitled Business Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with
a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. 

19 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your
investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of
an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our common stock that such stockholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations described in this report, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection
with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 27, 2023 or (b) with respect to any
other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our
public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by July 27, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further
described herein. In addition, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by July 27, 2023 for any reason, compliance
with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution
of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond July 27, 2023 before they receive
funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust
account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly,
to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
stockholders will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units are intended to be used to complete an initial
business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under
the United States securities laws. However, because we currently have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000, we are exempt from
rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be
afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units are tradable and we have a longer period
of time to complete our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, that rule would prohibit the release of
any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection
with our completion of an initial business combination. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the recent COVID-19 outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The
COVID-19 outbreak has and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely
affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business
combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued
concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s
personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to
which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat
its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of
time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a
business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted
by COVID-19 and other related events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise adequate financing, including as a
result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to
us or at all. 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive
only approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our
warrants will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target
businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units,
our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. 

20 

Furthermore,
because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock that our public stockholders redeem in connection with our
initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business
combination. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.12 per share (based on the trust
account balance as of January 31, 2023) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. 

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient
to allow us to operate until July 27, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders
may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The
funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until July 27, 2023, assuming that our
initial business combination is not completed during that time. We cannot assure you that the funds available to us outside of the trust
account will be sufficient to allow us to operate until July 27, 2023. We plan to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees
to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund
a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping 
around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed
business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement
where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether
as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with
respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only
approximately 10.12 per share (based on the trust account balance as of January 31, 2023) on the liquidation of our trust account and
our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our
liquidation. 

If
funds available to us outside of the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target
business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team
to fund our search for a business combination, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to
obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 780,672 held outside the trust account available to us. If we are required to seek additional
capital, we would need to withdraw interest from the trust account as described elsewhere in this Annual Report (i.e. for our franchise
and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account) and/or borrow funds from our sponsor, management
team or other third parties to operate, or we may be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor any
of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from
funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. We do not expect
to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to
loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain
these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently,
our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will
expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. 

Subsequent
to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface
all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues
through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later
arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though
these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature
could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate
net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue
of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 

21 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute
such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party
refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management
believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request
of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses
refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of
a redemption right in connection with our business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that
were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount
received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors.
Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold
to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds
in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of
the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest
which may be withdrawn to pay taxes as well as expenses relating to administration of the trust account. This liability will not apply
with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our
sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether
our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our
sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account,
the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such
event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection
with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our
independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount
of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount
per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes as well as expenses relating to administration of the trust
account, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to
a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations. 

While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for
example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if
the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these
indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced
below 10.00 per share. 

22 

We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We
have agreed to indemnify our directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our directors and executive
officers have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek
recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied
by us only if: (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation
to indemnify our directors and executive officers may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and executive
officers for breach of their fiduciary duties. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation
against our directors and executive officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders.
Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards
against our directors and executive officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be
exposed to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a
bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our Board may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by
paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our
stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be
reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by July 27, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it
makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought
against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our
public shares as soon as reasonably possible following July 27, 2023 in the event we do not complete our business combination and, therefore,
we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations
are limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such
as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the
DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro
rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after
the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought
against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but
no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination by July 27, 2023 is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could
then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

23 

We
may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the
opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 

In
accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than the end of
the fiscal year immediately after the first fiscal year for which we filed full year financial statements with the SEC following our
listing on NASDAQ. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes
of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may
not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and
thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want
us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one
by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Even if an annual meeting
was held for the purpose of electing directors prior to the consummation of a business combination, only holders of Class B common stock
would be entitled to notice of such meeting and to vote at such meeting. 

Because
we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. 

Although
we focus our search for high-growth technology and tech-enabled businesses in sectors such as e-commerce, software and digital media,
we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector. However, we are not, under our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, permitted to complete our business combination with another blank check company or similar
company with nominal operations. There is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our business combination,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the
business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to
evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all the significant
risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control
and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot
assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such
opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately
ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove
to be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business
combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s
expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding
the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As
a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders
who choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful
as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective
business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise
their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to
have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or
we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval
of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.12 per share (based on the trust account
balance as of January 31, 2023) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon on liquidation. 

24 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking
an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which
we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile
revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to
evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk
factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently,
you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. 

Unless
we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity or our Board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the
target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If
no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our Board, who will determine fair market value based on
standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer
materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may
receive only approximately 10.12 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. The cost incurred up to the point that we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination likely
would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial
business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the
related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.12 per share
(based on the trust account balance as of January 31, 2023) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event
will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of
our initial business combination (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may
be able to complete our business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction
and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions
in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to
sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we
would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to
satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us,
we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will
be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

25 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company,
which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities
we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company,
the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose
to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are
unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a
business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding
debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness
unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust
account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless,
the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and
 foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations
 to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require
 the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment
 of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain
 necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the
 debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends
 on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion
 of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock
 if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility
 in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability
 to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability
 to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy;
 and 

other disadvantages compared
 to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering, and the sale of the private placement
units, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This
lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

As of January 31, 2023, approximately 40.8 million
is available in our trust account for completing our business combination and paying related fees and expenses (which includes up to approximately
 5.25 million for the payment of deferred underwriting commissions). 

26 

We
may complete our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period
of time. However, we may not be able to complete our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors,
including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with
the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined
basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous
economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible
spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations
in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent
 upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development
 or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a
substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to complete our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

Risks
Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than
100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target
sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.
We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting
securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business
combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could
pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding
shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings
resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly,
this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
are dependent upon our officers and directors, and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that
our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination.
In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will
have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations
and monitoring the related due diligence. 

We
do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss
of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

27 

Our
ability to successfully complete our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the
efforts of members of our management team, some of whom may not join us following our initial business combination. The loss of such
people could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully complete our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team. The role of
members of our management team in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some members of our management
team may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely
that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals
we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.
These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to
expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In
addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The
departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be
ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain
associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of
an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Members
of our management team may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business
combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause
them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Members
of our management team may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able
to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations could take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial
interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the
ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in
our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any members
of our management team will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any members of
our management team will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any members of our
management team will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors may allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to
how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our
officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. Each of our officers
is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not
obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. If our officers and directors other business
affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit
their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Certain
of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities
similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

We
are engaged in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, and
may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar
business. 

28 

Our
officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other
entities in the future to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in
determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and
a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one
we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Our
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our
interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. In fact (subject to certain approvals and consents) we may enter into a business combination with a target business
that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly
prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such
persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities
may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction
with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a
business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the
fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses
affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms
of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since
our sponsor will lose its entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed and our officers and directors may have
differing personal and financial interests than you, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination
target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, our sponsor owns an aggregate of 3,887,500 shares of Class B common stock, which it acquired for an
aggregate purchase price of 25,000. Such founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In
addition, our sponsor purchased 550,000 private placement units for a purchase price of 5,500,000 or 10.00 per unit, which will also
be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Our sponsor has agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by it in favor of any
proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares and any private placement shares in connection with a stockholder
vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor
or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying
and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business
following the initial business combination. 

Since
our anchor investors will acquire founder shares from our sponsor upon consummation of the initial business combination, a conflict of
interest may arise in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Our
anchor investors will acquire founder shares from our sponsor. Provided that we successfully complete a business combination, these anchor
investors will share in any appreciation of the founder shares and, accordingly, our anchor investors interests in the founder
shares may provide them with an incentive to vote any public shares they own in favor of a business combination, and make a substantial
profit on such interests, even if the business combination is with a target that ultimately declines in value and is not profitable for
other public stockholders. 

Since
our sponsor paid only approximately 0.006 per share for the founder shares, our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial
profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value. 

Our
sponsor acquired its 3,887,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share. Our officers
and directors have an economic interest in our sponsor. As a result, the low acquisition cost of the founder shares creates an economic
incentive whereby our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently
declines in value and is unprofitable for public investors. 

29 

Risks
Relating to our Securities 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature
 of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance
 of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment
 company; 

adoption of a specific
 form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping,
 voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete
a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses
or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive
investor. 

We
do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust
account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee
is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by
having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in
the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the
meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i)
the completion of our primary business objective, which is a business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly
submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 27, 2023
or (b) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii)
absent a business combination, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption
of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company
Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require
additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.12 per share (based on the trust
account balance as of January 31, 2023) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation 

NASDAQ
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
Units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on NASDAQ. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed
on NASDAQ in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on NASDAQ prior
to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain
an average global market capitalization and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). 

Additionally,
in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with NASDAQ s initial listing
requirements, which are more rigorous than NASDAQ s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing
of our securities on NASDAQ. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

30 

If NASDAQ delists
our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect
our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: 

a limited availability
 of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity
 for our securities; 

a determination that
 our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere
 to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount
 of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability
 to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A common stock and warrants
are listed on NASDAQ, our units, Class A common stock and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from
regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of
fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular
case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check
companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these
powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were
no longer listed on NASDAQ, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in
which we offer our securities. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the
ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 20 of our Class A common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate
of 20 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess
Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability
to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open
market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our
business combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20 and, in order to dispose of such shares,
would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

We
have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor
from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We
have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we will use our best efforts to file, and within 60 business days
following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement under the Securities Act covering
such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the
expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do
so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement
or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a
stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to
permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis,
and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon
such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration
is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national
securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in
effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue
sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the issuance
of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder
of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event,
holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares
of Class A common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right
even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. 

31 

The
grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant
to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the initial public offering, our initial stockholders
and their permitted transferees and purchasers of private placement units can demand that we register the founder shares, private placement
shares, private placement warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants.
In addition, holders of units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such units or the
shares of Class A common stock, warrants or shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants underlying
such units. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of
securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition,
the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because
the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration
to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the common stock owned by our
initial stockholders, holders of our private placement units, or holders of our working capital units or their respective permitted transferees
are registered. 

We
may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination, and may issue shares of
common stock to redeem the warrants or issue shares of common stock or preferred stock under an employee incentive plan after completion
of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock
at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely
present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par
value 0.0001 per share. As of the date of this Annual Report, there are 95,403,158 and 6,112,500 authorized but unissued shares of Class
A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account the shares of
Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of any outstanding warrants or the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
conversion of Class B common stock. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and currently outstanding. Shares of Class B common
stock are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth
herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial
business combination. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination (including
pursuant to a specified future issuance). After the completion of our initial business combination, we may issue a substantial number
of additional shares of common stock to redeem the warrants as described herein or shares of common or preferred stock under an employee
incentive plan. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than
one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior
to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i)
receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or
preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute
 the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; 

may subordinate the rights
 of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change of
 control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use
 our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
 and 

may adversely affect prevailing
 market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

In
order to complete our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or other
governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business
combination but that our stockholders or warrant holders may not support. 

In
order to complete a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters
and governing instruments, including their warrant agreement. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business
combination, increased redemption thresholds, changed industry focus and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements
to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter
or other governing instruments or change our industry focus in order to complete our initial business combination. 

32 

The
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding
provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 
of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore,
to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business
combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

Some
other blank check companies have a provision in their charter that prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those
which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s
stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s public
stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination
activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of units into the trust
account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described
herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the
trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock
entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of
a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock
exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or in our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own 52.3 of our common stock, will participate
in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote
in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
that govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability
to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 27, 2023, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of amounts released to us to pay
taxes and expenses related to the administration of the trust), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our stockholders
are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, this letter agreement and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies
against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of the letter agreement. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders
would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Although
we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units will be sufficient to allow
us to complete our initial business combination, we cannot yet ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units prove to be insufficient, either because
of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation
to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be
required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will
be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete
our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination
and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may receive only approximately 10.00 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (and not previously
released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account) on the
liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to
complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure
to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None
of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.12
per share (based on the trust account balance as of January 31, 2023) on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will
expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their
shares. 

33 

Our
initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not
support. 

Our
initial stockholders own common shares representing 52.3 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may
exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase
any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control.
Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our
Class A common stock. In addition, our Board, whose members were elected by our initial stockholders, is and will be divided into two
classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may
not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in which case
all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual
meeting, as a consequence of our staggered Board, only a minority of the Board may be considered for election. In addition,
the founder shares, all of which are held by our initial stockholders, will entitle the holders to elect all of our directors prior to
the consummation of our business combination. Holders of our public shares will have no right to vote on the election of directors during
such time. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our business
combination. 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of
at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise
period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased,
all without your approval. 

Our
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent,
and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any defective provision or to make any amendments that are necessary in the good faith determination of our board of directors
(taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements,
but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants (i) in a manner
adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment or (ii) to the extent
necessary for the warrants in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents)
to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements without the consent of any holder. Although our ability
to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples
of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into
cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of
a warrant. 

Our
warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and were recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period
reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities or may make it more difficult for us to
consummate an initial business combination. 

Following
the consummation of the initial public offering and the concurrent private placement, we issued an aggregate of 7,775,000 warrants (comprised
of the 7,500,000 warrants included in the units sold in the initial public offering and the 275,000 private placement warrants). We account
for these as a warrant liability and will record at fair value upon issuance with any changes in fair value each period reported in earnings
as determined by us based upon a valuation report obtained from an independent third party valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair
value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, potential targets may seek
a business combination partner that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants for cash at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at
a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30
trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain
other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable
to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants
could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to
do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept
the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less
than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we may redeem your warrants after they become exercisable for a number of shares
of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. Any such redemption
may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants
are out-of-the-money, in which case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value
of the Class A common stock had your warrants remained outstanding. 

34 

Our
warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to
complete our business combination. 

We
have issued warrants to purchase 7,500,000 shares of our Class A common stock as part of the units offered in our initial public offering.
Additionally, we issued as part of the units in a private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 275,000 shares of Class A common
stock at 11.50 per share. Our sponsor currently owns 3,887,500 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class
A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In
addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into units, at the price of
 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private placement units. 

To
the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to complete a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial
number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive
acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A
common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants
and founder shares may make it more difficult to complete a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The
private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that, so long
as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us for cash, (ii) they (including the
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the
holders on a cashless basis. 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike
most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes
in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock
and (ii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the
higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. This may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

Because
we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance
tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure
in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements
may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB ). These financial statement
requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial
statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
are an early stage company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 

We
are an early stage company with limited operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have little basis upon which to
evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses.
We may be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating
revenues. 

35 

Changes
in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations,
may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. We will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and
their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination and results of operations. 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, disclosures in business combination transactions involving
SPACs and private operating companies; the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the
use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants
in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which special purpose acquisition companies SPACs could
become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from
treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business
purpose and activities. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in a revised form, may increase the costs of and the
time needed to negotiate and complete an initial business combination, and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete
an initial business combination. 

We
may be subject to the 1 excise tax instituted under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions we conduct after
December 31, 2022. 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. For purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing
corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases
during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any redemption or other repurchase we conduct
after December 31, 2022, in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether
and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise would
depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the business
combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE 
or other equity issuances in connection with a business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a business combination
but issued within the same taxable year of a business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury.
In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of
the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a business combination
or otherwise inhibit our ability to complete a business combination. 

36 

Past
performance by our management team and members of our Board may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information
regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team and members of our Board is presented for informational
purposes only. Past performance by such individuals is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination
we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely
on the historical record of performance of our management team and members of our Board as indicative of our future performance of an
investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers,
members of our management team and Board have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make
our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and
exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including
if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time,
in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will
find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as
a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may
be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accountant standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our common
stock held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not equal or
exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates did not equal or
exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

37 

Our management concluded that there is substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 780,672
in its operating bank accounts and 51,357,799 in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase
or redeem its common stock in connection therewith. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.2 million of the amount on deposit in the
Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company s tax obligations. If the Company is unable to
raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily
be limited to, suspending the pursuit of a business combination. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available
to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Further, our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination
may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through our
liquidation date. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this annual report do not include any adjustments that might result
from our inability to consummate a business combination or our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make
it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase
the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal control over financial reporting. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not
be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial
reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome
on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be
in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal
control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any
such acquisition. 

If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which
may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

If we identify a material weakness, we may be
unable to provide required financial information in a timely and reliable manner and we may incorrectly report financial information.
Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock
exchange on which our shares of Class A common stock are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. The existence of a material weakness in internal control
over financial reporting could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us, which could have a negative effect on the
trading price of our stock. We can give no assurance that material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in
the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls.
Even if we are successful in maintaining our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate
to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 

38 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. 

If we identify any material weaknesses in the future,
any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures
that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain
compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing
requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you
that any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class
A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These
provisions include a staggered Board and the ability of the Board to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares,
which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium
over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more
difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be
initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with
us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware Court
of Chancery will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action
or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers,
employees or stockholders to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery
or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers, or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine,
in each such case except for such claims as to which (a) the Court of Chancery determines that it does not have personal jurisdiction
over an indispensable party, (b) exclusive jurisdiction is vested in a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (c) the Court
of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest
in shares of our common stock will be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation described in the preceding sentence. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring
a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may discourage
such lawsuits against us and such persons, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and may therefore bring a claim in another appropriate forum. 

39 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act
or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal
jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
Additionally, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States
of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act.
However, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the exclusive forum provisions relating to causes of actions arising
under the Securities Act. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information
theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information
systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the
cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early
stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences.
We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents.
It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial
loss. 

If we complete our initial business combination with a company
with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively
impact our operations. 

If we complete our initial business combination
with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks
associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; and 

government appropriations of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial
condition. 

40 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are located at 202 Washington
Street, Suite 401, Brookline, MA 02445, and our telephone number is (215) 731-9450. We have agreed to pay our sponsor or its affiliate
or designee a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and shared support services. We consider our current
office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

41 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our units commenced public trading on July 23,
2021, and our Class A common stock and warrants commenced separate trading on September 13, 2021. Our Class A common stock,
warrants and units are each listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols BLNG, BLNGW and BLNGU, respectively. 

Holders 

On March 17, 2023, the numbers of record holders of the Company s
Class A common stock, units and warrants were 1, 2 and 1, respectively, not including beneficial holders whose securities are held in
street name. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will depend upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent
to completion of an initial business combination, and will be at the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our
board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further,
if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered
Offerings. 

On July 27, 2021, we sold 550,000 private placement
units in the private placement for an aggregate purchase price of 5,500,000, or 10.00 per unit, to the sponsor pursuant to an exemption
from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Each private placement unit consists of one share of Class A common
stock and one half of a private placement warrant. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units
issued in the initial public offering, except that, if held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees, (a) they may not be redeemed
for cash by us, (b) they (including the underlying Class A common stock) may not be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after
the consummation of the Company s initial business combination, subject to certain limited exceptions, (c) they may be exercised
by the holders on a cashless basis and (d) they are entitled to registration rights. 

On July 27, 2021, we consummated our initial public
offering of 15,000,000 units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 150 million. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and
Loop Capital Markets LLC served as joint book-running managers for the initial public offering. R. Seelaus Co., LLC, Samuel A. Ramirez
 Company, Inc. and Siebert Williams Shank Co., LLC served as co-managers for the initial public offering. The securities
sold in the initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-253857)
that became effective on July 22, 2021. 

We incurred a total of 8,693,703 in transaction
costs related to the initial public offering. We paid a total of 3,000,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and 443,703 in
other costs and expenses related to the initial public offering. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer 5,250,000 in underwriting
discounts and commissions (which is currently held in the trust account), which will be payable only upon consummation of an initial business
combination. 

Following the closing of the initial public offering
and the private placement, an amount of 150,000,000 10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds from the sale of the units in the initial
public offering and the private placement units in the private placement was placed in the trust account. In connection with the
approval and implementation of the Charter Amendment, the holders of 10,953,158 shares of our Class A common stock exercised their right
to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.087 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately
 110,484,822. As of December 31, 2022, an amount of 51,357,799 remained in the trust account. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 

42 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto
included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. Certain information contained in
the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

All statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this Annual Report including, without limitation, statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans
and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Annual Report, words such as anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us
or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management,
as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially
from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware
on December 29, 2020, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash derived
from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, our shares, debt or a combination of cash,
shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated
any revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the
Initial Public Offering, described below, and subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination, at the earliest. We generate
non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net
income of 2,986,976, which consisted of change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 3,032,250, interest earned on investments held
in Trust Account of 2,014,235, partially offset by operating and formation costs of 1,717,595 and provision for income taxes of 341,914
.. 

For the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement
of operations) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 2,186,877, which consisted of change in fair value of warrant liabilities
of 3,187,750, interest earned on investments held in Trust Account of 4,512, partially offset by transaction costs allocated to warrant
liabilities of 408,604 and operating and formation costs of 596,781. 

On December 21, 2022, the Company held a special
meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment
(the IMTA Amendment to the Company s Investment Management Trust Agreement (the IMTA ), dated July 22,
2021, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company CST ), as trustee, and an amendment to the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination transaction
from January 27, 2023 to July 27, 2023 (the Charter Amendment ). 

43 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On July 27, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 15,000,000 Units, generating gross proceeds of 150,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
we consummated the sale of 550,000 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to our
Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 5,500,000. 

Following the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the Private Placement Units, a total of 150,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. In connection with the approval and implementation
of the Charter Amendment, the holders of 10,953,158 shares of our Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for
cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.087 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 110,484,822.We incurred
 8,693,703 in Initial Public Offering related costs, including 3,000,000 of underwriting fees, 5,250,000 of deferred underwriting fees
and 443,703 of other costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided
by operating activities was 9,207,022. Net income of 2,986,976 was affected by change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 3,032,250
and interest earned on investments held in Trust Account of 2,014,235. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 11,266,531
of cash for operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had investments held
in the Trust Account of 51,357,799 (including 1,305,435 of interest income) consisting of money market funds with a maturity of 185
days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we withdrew
 713,312 of the interest earned from the Trust Account for our tax obligations. 

We intend to use the funds held in the Trust Account,
including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To
the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining
proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make
other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust
Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates
may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to
repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may
be convertible into units upon consummation of the Business Combination at a price of 10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to
the Private Placement Units. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares
upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
Business Combination. 

Going Concern 

In connection with our assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, 
we have until July 27, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination
by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date and an extension has not been requested by the Sponsor and approved
by our stockholders, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the
liquidity condition and the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur and an extension not requested by the Sponsor,
and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been
made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after July 27, 2023. We intend to continue
to search for and seek to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. We are within 12 months of our mandatory
liquidation date as of the time of filing of this Annual Report. 

44 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations 

The requirement under 229.303
(Item 303) Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is: Critical accounting estimates. Critical
accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level
of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations
of the registrant. Provide qualitative and quantitative information necessary to understand the estimation uncertainty and the impact
the critical accounting estimate has had or is reasonably likely to have on financial condition or results of operations to the extent
the information is material and reasonably available. This information should include why each critical accounting estimate is subject
to uncertainty and, to the extent the information is material and reasonably available, how much each estimate and/or assumption has changed
over a relevant period, and the sensitivity of the reported amount to the methods, assumptions and estimates underlying its calculation. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee
of 0.35 per share, or 5,250,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in
the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Warrant Liabilities 

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures
to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants,
to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC
815. We account for the Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40 under which the Warrants do not meet the criteria
for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and
adjust the Warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until
exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The Private Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants
for periods where no observable traded price was available are valued using a binomial lattice model. For periods subsequent to the detachment
of the Public Warrants from the Units, the Public Warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our Class A common stock subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480. Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified
as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common shares (including common stock that features
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not
solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders deficit.
Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain
future events. Accordingly, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders 
deficit section of our balance sheets. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption value
immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption
amount value. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid
in capital and accumulated deficit. 

45 

Net Income per Common Share 

Net income per common share is computed by dividing
net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. We have two classes of shares, which are referred
to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Accretion
associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt
 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
(Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 ), to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current
models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative
scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces
additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity.
ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible
instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective
basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. We are currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would
have on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

This information appears following Item 15 of this
Annual Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

46 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual
Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange
Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the
design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls
and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design
of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013
Framework). Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting
was effective. 

This Report does not include an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm, because as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act our independent
registered public accounting firm is not required to issue such an attestation report. 

Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

None. 

47 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

MANAGEMENT 

Officers and Directors 

Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 
 
 Jennifer Deason 

47 

Chairman 
 
 Peter Saldarriaga 

40 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Joel Washington 

39 

President and Chief Investment Officer 
 
 Jason Park 

46 

Director 
 
 Miyuki Matsumoto 

44 

Director 
 
 Amy Cappellazzo 

55 

Director 
 
 Jennifer Turner 

48 

Director 
 
 Dhani Jones 

45 

Director 

Jennifer Deason has served as our Chairman
since January 2021 and previously served as our Chief Executive Officer from January 2021 to May 2022. Ms. Deason has served as the
Chief Executive Officer of Home Partners of America, a real estate technology business, since February 2023. From May 2019 to February
2021, Ms. Deason served as the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Business Officer and board member for the dtx company and Flowcode.
The dtx company is a holding company investing in the DTC economy and Flowcode offers technology solutions to enable direct connections
between consumers and brands. From 2016 to 2018, Ms. Deason served as Executive Vice President, Global Head of Strategy and Business
Development for Sotheby s. She served as Chief Financial Officer of the Weather Channel from 2014 to 2016 and was an Executive Vice
President with Bain Capital, a leading global alternative investment manager, from 2008 to 2014. While at Bain, Ms. Deason served
in several interim operating roles such as President, Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Financial Officer and was a board member of several
portfolio companies. Ms. Deason has served on the board of directors of DHI Group (NYSE: DHX) since July 2016, Concentrix (NASDAQ:
CNXC) since November 2020 and Mastercraft (NASDAQ: MCFT) since July 2021. Earlier in her career, Ms. Deason spent four years at McKinsey
focused on media, consumer, technology, and private equity. She began her career at Alex. Brown (Deutsche Bank) and eBay in Silicon Valley.
She holds an MBA from Stanford University and a Bachelor of Arts from Yale University. Ms. Deason was chosen to serve on our board
due to her experience with technology-enabled businesses and her strong background in financial and operating roles. 

Peter Saldarriaga has served as our
Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary since January 2021 and as our Chief Executive Officer since June 2022. He also served as our President
from January 2021 to February 2023. Since October 2022, he has served as a Managing Director of Ara Partners, a private equity firm focused
on industrial decarbonization. Mr. Saldarriaga was a private investor from January 2020 to October 2022. He previously worked as
a private equity investor at Bain Capital, a leading global alternative investment manager, from September 2007 until December 2019. While
at Bain Capital, he was a leader in the technology, media telecom and industrial teams in the North American Private Equity group,
most recently as a Principal from 2015 to 2019, sourcing and executing new investment opportunities and serving as an advisor to management
teams of several portfolio companies. Prior to joining Bain Capital, Mr. Saldarriaga spent three years at Bain and Company in New
York and India as a strategy consultant serving Fortune 100 clients in the technology, media, financial services, healthcare, and private
equity sectors. He currently sits on the boards of two private companies in the Ara Partners portfolio, GIDARA Energy and Puraglobe. Mr. Saldarriaga
received an MBA from Harvard Business School and an AB in Computer Science cum laude from Harvard College. 

Joel Washington has served as our
President and Chief Investment Officer since February 2023. Mr. Washington is an experienced founder and investor in tech startups. Most
recently, in 2015 he founded and served as Chief Operating Officer of Zero Financial, Inc., a neobank that launched a credit
card, debit card, bank account, and cash advances, and led the sale of the company to a large fintech in 2021. Previously,
in 2013 he was a Founder of Shift (NASDAQ:SFT), an online used car retailer, which went public in 2020 via a business combination
with a special purpose acquisition company. Earlier in his career, from 2007 to 2011, he worked as an investor at Comcast
Ventures, investing in seed through growth stage startups, and has also worked on angel investments. Mr. Washington began
his career as a management consultant at the Boston Consulting Group, where he worked from 2005 to 2007 for various corporate
clients in the tech, media, and telecom sectors, and on private equity due diligence engagements. He earned a degree in Government
 Economics with honors from Harvard College, and later an MBA from Stanford University. 

48 

Jason K. Park has served as a director
since July 2021. Since June 2019, Mr. Park has been Chief Financial Officer of DraftKings Inc. (NASDAQ: DKNG), a digital sports
entertainment and gaming company, where he is responsible for the accounting, tax, treasury, financial planning and analysis and investor
relations departments. Prior to joining DraftKings, from January 2009 to June 2019, Mr. Park worked at Bain Capital Private
Equity, where he was an Operating Partner and focused on technology investments. For more than 10 years, Mr. Park worked collaboratively
with chief executive officers, chief financial officers and management teams to develop and achieve value creation plans. Before Bain
Capital, Mr. Park was an Associate Partner at McKinsey Company. Mr. Park has previously served as a director of Central
Square Technologies. Mr. Park received his MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a MAcc (Master of Accountancy)
and a B.B.A. from the University of Michigan. We believe that Mr. Park s experience in technology and finance, as well as his
recent experience in a business combination transaction with a special purpose acquisition company, makes him well-qualified to serve
as a member of our board of directors. 

Miyuki Matsumoto has served as a director
since July 2021. Since 2019, Ms. Matsumoto has been the US Managing Partner of Agla Ventures, a venture capital fund that invests
in emerging, high growth technology companies focused on SaaS, marketplaces, content media and digital health businesses. Prior to joining
Agla Ventures, Ms. Matsumoto was a Managing Director at Goldman Sachs, where she spent 18 years in alternative investments including
hedge funds, private equity, private credit and venture capital. She also serves, since 2020, as a member of the board of directors of
Steezy Inc., a private operator of online dance classes. Miyuki received a B.A. from Middlebury College and a MBA from The Wharton School
at the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Ms. Matsumoto s alternative investment and financial expertise and experience structuring
and executing investment transactions make her well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Amy Cappellazzo has served as a director
since July 2021. Ms. Cappellazzo is a Founding Partner of Art Intelligence Global, a dual headquartered art advisory based in New York
and Hong Kong. From 2016 to July 2021, Ms. Cappellazzo served as Chairman of the Fine Art division of Sotheby s. Prior to Sotheby s,
Ms. Cappellazzo co-founded Art Agency, Partners, a company offering a comprehensive range of art advisory services. Before co-founding Art
Agency, Partners in 2014, Ms. Cappellazzo served in the field of contemporary art at Christie s, where she rose to the post of Chairman
of Post-War Contemporary Development over thirteen years. Before that, she was an art advisor, curator, and key figure in the
establishment of Art Basel in Miami Beach, an international art fair. Ms. Cappellazzo received her B.A. in Fine Arts/Art History from
New York University, where she was a Presidential Trustee Scholar. She holds a master s degree in Urban Design from the School of
Architecture at Pratt Institute, where she focused on the role of public art in shaping cities. We believe that Ms. Cappellazzo s
experience as a business founder and seller, as well as leadership roles in large organizations, make her an asset to our board of directors. 

Jennifer Turner, Dr.PH , has served as a
director since July 2021. Dr. Turner is a seasoned media executive who currently serves as EVP, TriStar Television at Sony Pictures Television
developing new, premium television series for streaming and cable television platforms. Prior to this position, Dr. Turner served as Sony
Pictures Television s SVP of Scripted Programming, overseeing creative on hit series such as The Good Doctor, The
Boys, and The Blacklist, a position she held from 2017 to January 2022. Prior to this role, from 2008 to 2012, she
was Vice President of Licensing and Strategic Partnerships at Bravo Media and Oxygen Media, where she established Bravo and Oxygen s
business development departments, extending the networks brands into revenue-generating businesses. Earlier in her career
she worked in a variety of creative and business roles at NBCUniversal and ABC. Dr. Turner began her career at Goldman Sachs, where she
worked as a financial analyst in Fixed Income Capital Markets from 1996 to 1998. Dr. Turner was named one of Cablefax s Most
Influential Minorities in Cable in 2009, 2011, and 2012, and was featured in Variety s Inclusion Impact Report 2019 and Variety s
New York Women s Impact Report 2021. In 2011, Dr. Turner founded edutainment brand MAD COOL FITNESS, LLC, an inclusive healthy lifestyle
brand that helps people achieve long-term good health through behavior science-based programs. In 2015, she also founded non-profit MAD
COOL COMMUNITY, INC. to deliver behavior science-based wellness programs to underserved communities. In January 2021, Dr. Turner
also started teaching as an adjunct professor at Rutgers University School of Public Health. Dr. Turner holds a Doctor of Public Health
from Rutgers School of Public Health, an MBA from Stanford University, a Bachelor of Finance from the Wharton School of Business of the
University of Pennsylvania, and a Bachelor of Japanese Language also from the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Dr. Turner s
extensive background in finance, media and business makes her a valuable addition to our board of directors. 

Dhani Jones has served as a director
since July 2021. Mr. Jones is a TV host, entrepreneur, philanthropist, and former football player for the NFL. In 2014, he co-founded Qey
Capital, an investment firm focused on diversity, where he is Chairman. He also founded BowTie Cause in 2010, which evolved from a philanthropic
initiative to a clothing and apparel producer and distributor. He also is a founding partner of VMG Creative and Proclamation, brand management
marketing firms, and the Hillman Accelerator, which invests in entrepreneurs of diversity. Mr. Jones has hosted numerous television
shows such as Dhani Tackles the Globe (Travel Channel), Playbook360 (SpikeTV) and Adventure Capitalist (CNBC) . He spent
11 years in the NFL playing for the NY Giants (2000 to 2003), Philadelphia Eagles (2004 to 2006) and Cincinnati Bengals (2007 to 2010).
Prior to his professional football career, he played football and graduated with a B.A. from the University of Michigan. He is a Fellow
of the second class of the Civil Society Fellowship, a Partnership of ADL and The Aspen Institute, and a member of the Aspen Global Leadership
Network. He is currently on the boards of directors of Outside (formerly Pocket Outdoor Media), a leading endurance sports media platform,
Washington Nationals Philanthropies, the charitable arm of the Washington Nationals baseball team, as well as the external advisory board
to Fannie Mae. We believe that Mr. Jones experience as an entrepreneur and investor make him a valuable addition to our board
of directors. 

49 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We currently have six directors. Our Board is divided
into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior
to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of
Mr. Park and Ms. Matsumoto, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors,
consisting of Mses. Deason and Capellazzo, Dr. Turner and Mr. Jones, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. 

Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
holders of our founder shares have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and
holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended if approved by holders of at least 90 of our outstanding common stock entitled
to vote thereon. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the stockholders, any vacancies on our Board may be filled by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at a meeting of our Board or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. 

Our officers are appointed by the Board and serve
at the discretion of the Board, rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set
forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of one or more Chief Executive Officer,
a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers (including without limitation, a Chairman of the Board, Chief Operating
Officer, Presidents, Vice Presidents, Partners, Managing Directors and Senior Managing Directors) and such other offices as may be determined
by the Board. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our Board has two standing committees: an audit
committee and a compensation committee. Each committee operates under a charter approved by our Board with the composition and responsibilities
described below. The charter of each committee is available as an exhibit to our registration statement on Form S-1. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the Board.
Jennifer Turner, Jason Park and Miyuki Matsumoto serve as members of our audit committee. Under NASDAQ listing standards and applicable
SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Under NASDAQ listing
standards and applicable SEC rules, our audit committee must have one independent member at the time of listing, a majority of independent
members within 90 days of listing, and consist of all independent members within one year of listing. Mr. Park, Dr. Turner and Ms. Matsumoto
each meet the independent director standard under NASDAQ s listing standard and under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Ms.
Matsumoto serves as chairman of the audit committee. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our Board has determined that Mr. Park qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable
SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

50 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of
the Board. Dhani Jones and Jennifer Turner serve as members of our compensation committee. Under NASDAQ listing standard and applicable
SEC rules, our compensation committee must have one independent member at the time of listing, a majority of independent members within
90 days of listing, and consist of all independent members within one year of listing. Mr. Jones and Dr. Turner each meet the independent
director standard under NASDAQ listing standards. Mr. Jones serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than as set
forth below under Item 11. Executive Compensation , no compensation of any kind, including finder s, consulting or
other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior
to, or for any services they render in order to complete the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior
to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation
of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving
advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence
of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating committee. In
accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ Rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection
by the Board. The Board believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly
selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. As we do not have a standing nominating
committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

Our Board will consider candidates for nomination
who have a high level of personal and professional integrity, strong ethics and values and the ability to make mature business judgments.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our Board will also consider experience in corporate management such
as serving as an officer or former officer of a publicly held company, experience as a board member of another publicly held company,
professional and academic experience relevant to our business, leadership skills, experience in finance and accounting or executive compensation
practices, whether the candidate has the time required for preparation, participation and attendance at Board meetings and committee meetings,
if applicable, independence and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable
to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, a copy of which is attached as an exhibit
to this Annual Report. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our code of conduct and ethics in a
Current Report on Form 8-K. We will make a printed copy of our code of conduct and ethics available to any stockholder who so requests.
Requests for a printed copy may be directed to us as follows: Belong Acquisition Corp., 202 Washington Street, Suite 401, Brookline, MA
02445 Attention: Secretary 

51 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of any publicly traded class of our equity securities, to
file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of equity securities of the Company with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater-than-ten-percent
stockholders are required by the SEC s regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. 

Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and Forms
4 furnished to the Company during the most recent fiscal year, and Forms 5 with respect to its most recent fiscal year, we believe that
all such forms required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were timely filed by the officers, directors, and security
holders required to file the same during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists
or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not
be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated
their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful
payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as
directors. 

We have entered into agreements with our officers
and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising
out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors 
and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of
a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These provisions may discourage stockholders from
bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the
likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit
us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the directors 
and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers
and directors. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have
been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore
unenforceable. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers or directors has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be
paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Additionally, in connection with the successful completion of our initial business combination, we may determine to provide
a payment to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or our or their affiliates; however any such payment would not be made from the
amounts held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination and we currently do not have any agreement
or arrangement with any such party to do so. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were or are to be made
to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such
fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible
for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the
Board for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of independent
directors on our Board. 

Following a business combination, to the extent
we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the target business. We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills,
knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, and in the
past year none of them has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our
Board. 

52 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 14, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect
to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our officers and directors who beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and 

all our officers and directors as a group. 

The table below represents beneficial ownership
of Class A common stock, Class B common stock and Class A common stock and Class B common stock voting together as a single class, and
is reported in accordance with the beneficial ownership rules of the SEC under which a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of
a security if that person has or shares voting power or investment power with respect to such security or has the right to acquire such
ownership within 60 days. The table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of any outstanding warrants as no warrants
are exercisable within 60 days. 

The beneficial ownership of the Company s
voting common stock is based on 4,596,842 shares of Class A common stock outstanding and 3,887,500 shares of Class B common stock
outstanding, except as otherwise indicated. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Combined Voting Power (2) 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owners 
 Number 
 of class 
 Number 
 of class 
 Number 
 of class 

Directors and Executive Officers : (1) 

Jennifer Deason (4) 
 550,000 
 12.0 
 3,887,500 
 100 
 4,437,500 
 52.3 
 
 Peter Saldarriaga (4) 
 550,000 
 12.0 
 3,887,500 
 100 
 4,437,500 
 52.3 
 
 Joel Washington 

Jason Park (3) 

Miyuki Matsumoto (3) 

Amy Cappellazzo (3) 

Jennifer Turner (3) 

Dhani Jones (3) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (eight individuals) 
 550,000 
 12.0 
 3,887,500 
 100 
 4,437,500 
 52.3 

5 or Greater Beneficial Owners: 

Balyasny Asset Management L.P. (5) 
 1,316,658 
 28.6 

1,316,658 
 15.5 
 
 LMR Partners LLP (6) 
 350,000 
 7.6 

350,000 
 4.1 
 
 Atlas Diversified Master Fund, Ltd. (7) 
 1,316,658 
 28.6 

1,316,658 
 15.5 
 
 Atalaya Capital Management LP (8) 
 350,000 
 7.6 

350,000 
 4.1 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (9) 
 931,757 
 20.3 

931,757 
 11.0 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (10) 
 350,000 
 7.6 
 - 
 - 
 350,000 
 4.1 
 
 Sandia Investment Management L.P. (11) 
 350,000 
 7.6 
 - 
 - 
 350,000 
 4.1 
 
 Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. (12) 
 350,000 
 7.6 
 - 
 - 
 350,000 
 4.1 
 
 Belong Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (4) 
 550,000 
 12.0 
 3,887,500 
 100 
 4,437,500 
 52.3 

Less than 1 percent. 

1. 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following individuals is c/o Belong Acquisition Corp., 202 Washington Street, Suite 401, Brookline, MA 02445. 

2. 
 Represents the percentage of voting power of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock voting together as a single class. 

3. 
 This individual is a member of our sponsor, but does not have voting or investment power over the shares held by our sponsor. 

53 

4. 
 Shares are held directly by Belong Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, a limited liability company which is managed by Ms. Deason and Mr. Saldarriaga, each of whom disclaim beneficial ownership of these securities, except to the extent of her or his pecuniary interest therein. 

5. 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 by Balyasny Asset Management L.P. BAM ), BAM GP LLC BAM GP ), Balyasny Asset Management Holdings LP BAM Holdings ), Dames GP LLC Dames ), and Dmitry Balyasny. BAM is the investment manager of Atlas Diversified Master Fund, Ltd. ADMF ), which directly holds 1,316,658 shares of Class A common stock. BAM GP is the general partner of BAM. BAM Holdings is the sole member of BAM GP. Dames is the general partner of BAM Holdings. Mr. Balyasny is the managing member of Dames. As a result, BAM, BAM GP, BAM Holdings, Dames and Mr. Balyasny may be deemed to exercise voting and investment power over the shares held directly by ADMF. The address of the principal business office of each of the reporting persons is 444 West Lake Street, 50th Floor, Chicago, IL 60606 

6. 
 Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023 on behalf of LMR Multi-Strategy Master Fund Limited (the LMR Master Fund ), LMR CCSA Master Fund Ltd (the LMR CCSA Master Fund ), LMR Partners LLP, LMR Partners Limited, LMR Partners LLC, LMR Partners AG and LMR Partners (DIFC) Limited (collectively, the LMR Investment Managers ), Ben Levine and Stefan Renold. LMR Master Fund directly holds 175,000 shares of Class A common stock and LMR CCSA Master Fund directly holds 175,000 shares of Class A common stock. The LMR Investment Managers serve as the investment managers to certain funds, including, without limitation, LMR Master Fund and LMR CCSA Master Fund. Mr. Levine and Mr. Renold are ultimately in control of the investment and voting decisions of the LMR Investment Managers with respect to the securities held by LMR Master Fund and LMR CCSA Master Fund. The address of the principal business office of each of the reporting persons is c/o LMR Partners LLP, 9th Floor, Devonshire House, 1 Mayfair Place, London, W1J 8AJ, United Kingdom. 

7. 
 Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2022 on behalf of Atlas Diversified Master Fund, Ltd. a Cayman corporation ADMF ), Atlas Diversified Fund, Ltd. a Cayman corporation ADF LTD ), Atlas Diversified Fund, L.P. a Delaware limited partnership ADF LP ), Atlas Master Fund, Ltd. a Cayman corporation AMF ), Atlas Global, LLC a Delaware limited liability company AG ), Atlas Global Investments, Ltd. a Cayman corporation AGI ), Atlas Enhanced Master Fund, Ltd. a Cayman corporation AEMF ), Atlas Enhanced Fund, L.P. a Delaware limited partnership AEF LP ), Atlas Enhanced Fund, Ltd. a Cayman corporation AEF LTD ), Atlas Portable Alpha, LP a Delaware limited partnership APA LP ), Atlas Terra Fund, Ltd. a Cayman corporation ATF LTD ), Atlas Institutional Equity Fund, L.P. a Delaware limited partnership AIEF LP ), Balyasny Asset Management L.P. a Delaware limited partnership BAM ), and Dmitry Balyasny. BAM is the investment manager to each of ADMF, ADF LTD, ADF LP, AMF, AG, AGI, AEMF, AEF LP, AEF LTD, APA LP, ATF LTD and AIEF LP. Mr. Balyasny indirectly controls 100 of the general partner of BAM. The address of the principal business office of each of ADMF, ADF LTD, AMF, AGI, AEMF, AEF LTD and ATF LTD is c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited, P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, British West Indies. The address of the principal business office of each of ADF LP, AG, AEF LP, APA LP, AIEF LP, BAM and Mr. Balyasny is 444 West Lake Street, 50th Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. 

8. 
 Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023 on behalf of Atalaya
Special Purpose Investment Fund II LP ASPIF II ), ACM ASOF VII (Cayman) Holdco LP ASOF ), ACM Alameda Special
Purpose Investment Fund II LP Alameda ), Atalaya Capital Management LP ACM ), Corbin ERISA Opportunity Fund,
Ltd. CEOF ), Corbin Opportunity Fund, L.P. COF ), Corbin Capital Partners GP, LLC Corbin GP ),
Corbin Capital Partners Group, LLC CCPG ), and Corbin Capital Partners, L.P. CCP ). As of October 1, 2021,
CCPG ceased to beneficially own any shares. As of December 31, 2022, CEOF, COF, Corbin GP and CCP had ceased to beneficially own any Shares.
ASPIF II, ASOF and Alameda beneficially own 84,541, 116,655 and 148,804 shares, respectively. As investment manager to ASPIF II, ASOF
and Alameda, ACM has the power to vote and direct the disposition of all shares held by ASPIF II, ASOF and Alameda. As investment manager
to CEOF and COF, CCP has the power to vote and direct the disposition of all shares held by CEOF and COF. The address of the principal
business office of each of ASPIF II, ASOF, Alameda and ACM is One Rockefeller Plaza, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10020. The address of the
principal business office of each of CEOF, COF, Corbin GP, CCPG and CCP is 590 Madison Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

9. 
 Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023 on behalf of Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP ), and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein. The address of the business office of each of the reporting persons is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

10. 
 Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 10, 2023 by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company PMSMF with respect to the shares directly held by PMSMF. The address of the business office of the reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

11. 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed on January 13, 2023 on behalf of Sandia Investment Management L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Sandia ), and Timothy J. Sichler. The securities reported are beneficially owned by Sandia in its capacity as investment manager to a private investment vehicle and separately managed accounts. Mr. Sichler serves as Managing Member of the general partner of Sandia, and in such capacity may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own the securities reported. The address of the business office of each of the reporting persons is 201 Washington Street, Boston, MA 02108. 

12. 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed on January 10, 2023 on behalf of Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., RGC Management Company, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson, Christopher Hinkel, Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. and Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC. RGC Management Company, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson and Christopher Hinkel may be considered control persons of Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson and Christopher Hinkel may be considered control persons of Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. The address of the business office of each of the reporting persons is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. 

54 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Related Person Transaction Policy 

We have adopted a written policy relating to the
approval of related person transactions. A related person transaction is a transaction or arrangement or series of transactions
or arrangements in which we participate (whether or not we are a party) and a related person has a direct or indirect material interest
in such transaction. Our audit committee will review and approve or ratify all relationships and related person transactions between us
and (i) our directors, director nominees or executive officers, (ii) any record or beneficial owner of 5 or more of our common stock
or (iii) any immediate family member of any person specified in (i) and (ii). The audit committee will review all related person transactions
and, where the audit committee determines that such transactions are in our best interests, approve such transactions in advance of such
transaction being given effect. 

As set forth in the related person transaction
policy, in the course of its review and approval or ratification of a related party transaction, the audit committee will, in its judgment,
consider in light of the relevant facts and circumstances whether the transaction is, or is not inconsistent with, our best interests,
including consideration of various factors enumerated in the policy. 

Any member of the audit committee who is a related
person with respect to a transaction under review will not be permitted to participate in the discussions or approval or ratification
of the transaction. Our policy also includes certain exceptions for transactions that need not be reported and provides the audit committee
with the discretion to pre-approve certain transactions. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have
agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors
unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member
of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their
affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the
following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the
proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

payment to our sponsor or its affiliate or designee for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services, in an amount equal to 10,000 per month; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to our formation and the initial public offering and identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; 

at the closing of our initial business combination, we may determine to pay fees to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, in amounts that constitute market standard fees for comparable transactions and services provided; and 

Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. 

Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis
all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 

In January 2021, our sponsor acquired 4,461,250
founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. In March 2021, our sponsor contributed back to us for no consideration 11,250
founder shares. In September 2021, as a result of the underwriters failing to exercise their overallotment option, our initial holders
forfeited 562,500 founder shares As a result, our initial stockholders hold 3,887,500 founder shares. Prior to the initial investment
in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares issued was determined
based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding common shares upon completion of our initial
public offering. The founder shares represent 100 of our issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock. Additionally, upon consummation
of our initial business combination, our sponsor will sell founder shares to each anchor investor that purchased its allocated units in
the initial public offering. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to
certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

55 

Simultaneously with the initial public offering,
our sponsor purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 550,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate
purchase price of 5,500,000. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one warrant. Each private
placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants
(including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by the holder. 

No compensation of any kind, including finder s
and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered
prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf, including with respect to our formation and initial public
offering and identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Additionally, in
connection with the successful completion of our initial business combination, we may determine to provide a payment to our sponsor, officers,
directors, advisors or our or their affiliates; however any such payment would not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering
held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis
all payments that were or are to be made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. There is no cap or ceiling on
the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Commencing on July 23, 2021, we agreed to pay our
sponsor or its affiliate a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and shared personnel support services. Upon completion
of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

On January 11, 2021, the sponsor issued an unsecured
promissory note to us pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The promissory note was subsequently
amended on June 16, 2021 to extend the maturity date. The promissory note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) September
30, 2021 and (ii) the consummation of the initial public offering. The outstanding balance under the promissory note of 76,718 was
repaid at the closing of the initial public offering on July 27, 2021. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned
amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of
such loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the
private placement units. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such
loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties
will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

Our sponsor has agreed that, if the trust account
is liquidated without the consummation of a business combination, it will indemnify us to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to us, or any claims by a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below 10.00 per public share, except for any claims by any third party
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account, regardless of whether such waiver is enforceable, and
except for claims arising from our obligation to indemnify the underwriters of the initial public offering pursuant to the underwriting
agreement. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations, we have not
asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations and it may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We believe the likelihood of our
sponsor having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all third parties that provide products or services
to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) and prospective target businesses execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. 

After our initial business combination, directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any
and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

56 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement with
our initial stockholders, we may be required to register certain securities for sale under the Securities Act. These holders, and holders
of units issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, are entitled under the registration rights agreement to make up to three
demands that we register certain of our securities held by them for sale under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby
registered for resale pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have the right to include their securities
in other registration statements filed by us. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration
statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions,
as described herein. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 

Director Independence 

NASDAQ listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer
or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Our Board has determined that Jason Park, Miyuki Matsumoto, Amy Cappellazzo, Jennifer Turner and Dhani Jones are
independent directors under the NASDAQ rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings
at which only independent directors are present. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Certain of our officers and directors presently
has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such
officer or director is or will be required to present business combination opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers
or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity.
We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers would materially undermine our ability
to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in
any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his
or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may pursue an
acquisition opportunity jointly with our sponsor, or one or more of its affiliates, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. 
Such entities may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional
proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Each of our officers and
directors presently has, and any of them in the future, may have additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant
to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she
has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such opportunity to such other entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition
opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with
us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition
by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. In addition, we and our affiliates, including our officers
and directors who are affiliated with us, may sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we
are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition
target. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business
combination. 

Potential investors should also be aware of the
following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs in particular and, accordingly, each of them may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

57 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, any private placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination by July 27, 2023. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement units will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement units and the Class A common stock and warrants underlying such units, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private placement units. 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved
in our favor. 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations,
our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria
to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any
corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or
her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to
us without violating another legal obligation. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, subject to certain approvals and consents.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that
such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned
conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

In the event that we submit our initial business
combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor has agreed to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held
by it and any public shares purchased during or after the initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. Our officers
and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the initial public offering in favor of our initial
business combination. 

58 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acted
as our independent registered public accounting firm for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December
31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional
services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum in connection with
regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements,
our initial public offering and other required filings with the SEC for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through
December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 88,400 and 124,260, respectively. The above amounts include interim
procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related services consist of fees billed for
assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not
reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations
concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Withum for audit-related services for the period from January
1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021 or for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Tax Fees 

For the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement
of operations) through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid Withum 0 and approximately 8,320, respectively,
for tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. 

All Other Fees 

For the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement
of operations) through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no fees billed for products and services
provided by Withum other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee,
and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be
performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described
in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

59 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 100) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7
to F-19 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report. The SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and
information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including the Company. Copies of
the exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

60 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated July 22, 2021, between the Company and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40648) filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Belong Acquisition Corp., dated July 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40648) filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Belong Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253857) initially filed with the SEC on March 4, 2021) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate
 of Incorporation of Belong Acquisition Corp., dated December 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40648) filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253857) initially filed with the SEC on March 4, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253857) initially filed with the SEC on March 4, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253857) initially filed with the SEC on March 4, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated July 22, 2021 between Belong Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40648) filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities of Belong Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40648) filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 22, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers and directors and Belong Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40648) filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 22, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40648) filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 22, 2021, between the Company and certain security holders of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40648) filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Placement Unit Subscription Agreement, dated July 22, 2021, between the Company and Belong Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40648) filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 22, 2021, between the Company and Belong Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40648) filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253857) initially filed with the SEC on March 4, 2021) 

10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 21, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40648) filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022) 

10.8 
 
 Form
of Non-Redemption Agreement and Assignment of Economic Interest (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40648) filed with the SEC on December 9, 2022) 

61 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 

14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253857) initially filed with the SEC on March 4, 2021) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

62 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Belong Acquisition Corp. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Peter Saldarriaga 

Peter Saldarriaga 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Jennifer Deason 
 
 Chairman 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Jennifer Deason 

/s/ Peter Saldarriaga 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Peter Saldarriaga 
 
 Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer 

/s/ Jason Park 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Jason Park 

/s/ Miyuki Matsumoto 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Miyuki Matsumoto 

/s/ Amy Cappellazzo 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Amy Cappellazzo 

/s/ Jennifer Turner 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Jennifer Turner 

/s/ Dhani Jones 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Dhani Jones 

63 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 100) 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-19 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of 

Belong Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Belong Acquisition
Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through
December 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations)
through December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if
the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by July 27, 2023 then
the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management ' s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company ' s financial
statements based on our audits . We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The
Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company ' s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as
the Company ' s auditor since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 2 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid income taxes 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Due to shareholders 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Warrant liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares at approximately per share and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 4,046,842 and 15,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended December 31, 
 For the Period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Transaction costs incurred in connection with warrant liabilities 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Total other income, net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 1, 2021 (COMMENCEMENT
OF OPERATIONS) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) 

Issuance of Class B common stock to initial stockholders 

Sale of Private Placement Units, net 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

Accretion for redeemable Class A common stock to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion for redeemable Class A common stock to redemption amount 

Shareholder non-redemption agreement 

Shareholder non-redemption agreement 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended December 31, 
 For the Period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Transaction cost incurred in connection with the initial public offering 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid income taxes 

Due to shareholders 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 

Proceeds from promissory note - related party 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Redemption of common stock 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Supplementary cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the
 Public Shares at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. 

units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per
Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Belong Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds
of , which is described in Note 4. 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

F- 7 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net
of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s
warrants. 

following any related redemptions and, if the Company seeks
stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required
by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ),
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not
pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor
has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 6), Placement Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased
during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect
to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

of the Public Shares, without
the prior consent of the Company. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does
not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and
the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. 

). 

F- 8 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to
be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors
by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm),
prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

in its operating
bank accounts, in investments held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its
Class A common stock in connection therewith and working capital of , which excludes franchise taxes payable of . As of
December 31, 2022, approximately million of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is
available to pay the Company s tax obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew of the interest income
from the Trust Account to pay tax obligations. 

F- 9 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

, of which
 were charged to temporary equity and were charged to permanent equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering
and were expensed to the statement of operations. 

F- 10 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Less: 

Redemption 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption December 31, 2022 

F- 11 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or
other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As
a result, diluted net income per common share is the same as basic net income per common share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per common share

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could
have a significant adverse impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half
of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class
A common stock at an exercise price of , subject to adjustment (see Note 8). 

F- 12 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit
for an aggregate purchase price of in the private placement. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share of Class A
common stock Placement Share and one-half of one warrant Private Placement Warrant ). Each whole Private
Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment.
A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust
Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private
Placement Warrants will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with
respect to the Private Placement Warrants. 

to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for shares of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ).
On March 2, 2021, the Sponsor contributed back to the Company, for no consideration, Founder Shares and, as a result, held 
Founder Shares. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to Founder Shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the
underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares will equal of
the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering. Upon the expiration of the underwriters 
over-allotment option on September 6, 2021, the Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares. 

There can be no assurance as to the amount of such units the anchor investors will retain, if any, prior to
or upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination. In addition, none of the anchor investors has any obligation to vote
any of their Public Shares in favor of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

shares allocated to the anchor investors in July 2021 was or per
share. Stock-based compensation expense would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable in an amount equal
to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received
for the purchase of the Founder Shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered
probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. 

per month for office space, administrative and shared personnel support. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid in fees related to these services. For the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement
of operations) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid in fees related to these services. 

F- 13 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

. This Promissory Note was subsequently amended on June 16, 2021 to extend the maturity date. The Promissory Note was
non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) September 30, 2021 and (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The
outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on July 27, 2021, and
the Promissory Note was terminated. 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units upon consummation of the Business Combination
at a price of per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such
Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the
shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are
permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same
taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 14 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at
the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. As a result of the underwriters election to
allow the option to expire unexercised, no Units remain available for purchase. 

per Unit, or in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters are entitled
to a deferred fee of in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the
Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

shares of Class B common stock for each Public Share subject to
a Non-Redemption Agreement, resulting in a total of shares of Class B commons stock allocated to the participating investors by
the Sponsor. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the founders shares attributable to the Non-Redeeming Stockholders
to be or per share. Each Non-Redeeming Stockholder acquired from the Sponsor an indirect economic interest in the founder
shares. The excess of the fair value of the founder shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin
Topic 5A. Accordingly, in substance, it was recognized by the Company as a capital contribution by the Sponsor to induce these holders
of the Class A shares not to redeem, with a corresponding charge to additional paid-in capital to recognize the fair value of the shares
transferred as an offering cost. 

Estimated vesting time of founder shares 

Value in no De-SPAC scenario 

Probability of transaction 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued
and outstanding, excluding and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, which
are accounted for as temporary equity. 

F- 15 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued
and outstanding. 

of the sum of the total number of all shares
of common stock outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination). 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number
of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants
will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire after the
completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 16 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Startup/Organization Expenses 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

F- 17 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and , respectively, of U.S. federal and state net operating loss
carryovers available to offset future taxable income. The federal net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

. For the
period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Transaction costs allocated to warrants 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 18 

BELONG ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

in money market funds which are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. Through December
31, 2022, the Company withdrew of the interest income from the Trust Account to pay its tax obligations. 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities Public Warrants 
 1 

Warrant liabilities Private Placement Warrants 
 2 

per warrant for aggregate values of and
 , respectively. 

per warrant for aggregate values of approximately
 million and approximately million, respectively. 

Fair value as of July 27, 2021 

Change in fair value 

Transfer to level 1 

Transfer to level 2 

and transfers to level 2 of for the period
from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021. There were no transfers during the year ended December 31,
2022. 

F-19 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_belongacq.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of Belong Acquisition Corp. 

None 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_belongacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Peter Saldarriaga, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Belong Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Peter Saldarriaga 

Peter Saldarriaga 

Chief Executive Officer and
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer
 and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_belongacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Peter Saldarriaga, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Belong Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Peter Saldarriaga 

Peter Saldarriaga 

Chief Executive Officer and
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer
 and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_belongacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Belong Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Peter Saldarriaga, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Peter Saldarriaga 

Peter Saldarriaga 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_belongacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Belong Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Peter Saldarriaga, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Peter Saldarriaga 

Peter
 Saldarriaga 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 blng-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 blng-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 blng-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 blng-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 blng-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

