<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1675644_0001675644-23-000038.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16931121</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>349334</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2166847</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7405934</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3442827</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3206596</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001675644-23-000038.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324161631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001675644-23-000038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FVCBankcorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001675644
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				475020283
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38647
		FILM NUMBER:		23760048

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11325 RANDOM HILLS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			FAIRFAX
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22030
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-436-3800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11325 RANDOM HILLS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			FAIRFAX
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22030

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001675644-23-000038.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 fvcb-20221231.htm
 10-K

fvcb-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 x 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of June 30, 2022: . 
 The number of shares outstanding of Common Stock, as of March 17, 2023, was . 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 39 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 62 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 63 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 111 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 111 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 111 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 114 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 113 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 113 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 113 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 113 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 113 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 114 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 115 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as other periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and written or oral communications made from time to time by or on behalf of FVCBankcorp, Inc. and its subsidiary (the "Company"), may contain statements relating to future events or future results of the Company that are considered "forward-looking statements" under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent plans, estimates, objectives, goals, guidelines, expectations, intentions, projections and statements of our beliefs concerning future events, business plans, objectives, expected operating results and the assumptions upon which those statements are based. Forward-looking statements include without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and are typically identified with words such as "may," "could," "should," "will," "would," "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "aim," "intend," "plan," or words or phases of similar meaning. We caution that the forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties that are subject to change based on factors which are, in many instances, beyond our control. Actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those contemplated, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 The following factors, among others, could cause our financial performance to differ materially from that expressed in such forward-looking statements: 
 general business and economic conditions nationally or in the markets that the Company serves could adversely affect, among other things, real estate valuations, unemployment levels, inflation levels, the ability of businesses to remain viable, consumer and business confidence, and consumer or business spending, which could lead to decreases in demand for loans, deposits, and other financial services that the Company provides and increases in loan delinquencies and defaults; 
 the risk of changes in interest rates on levels, composition and costs of deposits, loan demand, and the values and liquidity of loan collateral, securities, and interest sensitive assets and liabilities; 
 changes in the Company's liquidity requirements could be adversely affected by changes in its assets and liabilities; 
 changes in the assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for possible loan losses; 
 changes in market conditions, specifically declines in the commercial and residential real estate market, volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets, and soundness of other financial institutions we do business with; 
 the effects of, and changes in, trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, inflation, interest rate, market and monetary fluctuations; 
 risks inherent in making loans such as repayment risks and fluctuating collateral values; 
 the Company's investment securities portfolio is subject to credit risk, market risk, and liquidity risk as well as changes in the estimates used to value the securities in the portfolio; 
 declines in the Company's common stock price or the occurrence of what management would deem to be a triggering event that could, under certain circumstances, cause us to record a noncash impairment charge to earnings in future periods; 
 the strength of the United States economy in general and the strength of the local economies in which we conduct operations; 
 geopolitical conditions, including acts or threats of terrorism, or actions taken by the United States or other governments in response to acts or threats of terrorism and/or military conflicts, which could impact business and economic conditions in the United States and abroad; 
 the occurrence of significant natural disasters, including severe weather conditions, floods, health related issues or emergencies, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and other catastrophic events; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 our management of risks inherent in our real estate loan portfolio, and the risk of a prolonged downturn in the real estate market, which could impair the value of our collateral and our ability to sell collateral upon any foreclosure; 
 changes in consumer spending and savings habits; 
 technological and social media changes; 
 changing bank regulatory conditions, policies or programs, whether arising as new legislation or regulatory initiatives, that could lead to restrictions on activities of banks generally, or our subsidiary bank in particular, more restrictive regulatory capital requirements, increased costs, including deposit insurance premiums, regulation or prohibition of certain income producing activities or changes in the secondary market for loans and other products; 
 the impact of changes in financial services policies, laws and regulations, including laws, regulations and policies concerning taxes, banking, securities and insurance, and the application thereof by regulatory bodies; 
 the impact of changes in laws, regulations and policies affecting the real estate industry; 
 the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted from time to time by bank regulatory agencies, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other accounting standards setting bodies; 
 the timely development of competitive new products and services and the acceptance of these products and services by new and existing customers; 
 the willingness of users to substitute competitors' products and services for our products and services; 
 the effect of acquisitions we may make, including, without limitation, the failure to achieve the expected revenue growth and/or expense savings from such acquisitions; 
 changes in the level of our nonperforming assets and charge-offs; 
 our involvement, from time to time, in legal proceedings and examination and remedial actions by regulators; and 
 potential exposure to fraud, negligence, computer theft and cyber-crime. 
 The foregoing factors should not be considered exhaustive and should be read together with other cautionary statements that are included in this Form 10-K, including those discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in Item 1A below. If one or more of the factors affecting our forward-looking information and statements proves incorrect, then our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, forward-looking information and statements contained in this Form 10-K. Therefore, we caution you not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking information and statements. We will not update the forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in the factors affecting the forward-looking statements. New risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict their occurrence or how they will affect us. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 The Company is a registered bank holding company headquartered in Fairfax, Virginia. We operate primarily through our sole subsidiary, FVCbank, (the "Bank"), a community oriented, locally-owned and managed commercial bank organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. We serve the banking needs of commercial businesses, nonprofit organizations, professional service entities, and their respective owners and employees located in the greater Washington, D.C. and Baltimore metropolitan areas. The Company was established as the holding company for the Bank in 2015. 
 Since the Bank began operations in November 2007, it has grown largely organically, through de novo branch expansion, banker and customer acquisition, and two whole-bank acquisitions. In 2012, we completed the acquisition of 1st Commonwealth Bank of Virginia ("1 st Commonwealth"), a 58.9 million asset savings and loan association in Arlington, Virginia. 
 On October 12, 2018, we completed our acquisition of Colombo Bank ("Colombo"), which was headquartered in Rockville, Maryland, and added five banking locations in Washington, D.C., and Montgomery County and the City of Baltimore in Maryland. 
 Our acquisition of Colombo supported our business allowing us to expand our presence in adjacent markets where we lend, but in which we had no physical presence. Colombo's branch locations strengthened our strategy as they enabled us to add lenders and banking services in areas where we lend. Our strong infrastructure and wide range of products and services allowed us to develop deeper relationships with Colombo's customers, as well as enhance our platform for generating new relationships. 
 On August 31, 2021, we announced that the Bank made an investment in Atlantic Coast Mortgage, LLC ("ACM") for 20.4 million to obtain a 28.7 ownership interest in ACM. This ownership interest is subject to an earnback option of up to 3.7 over the next three years. As of December 31, 2022, our percentage ownership had decreased to 27.7 . In addition, the Bank provides a warehouse lending facility to ACM, which includes a construction-to-permanent financing line, and has developed portfolio mortgage products to diversify our held to investment loan portfolio. 
 Market Area 
 We operate in one of the most economically dynamic and wealthy regions of the Washington and Baltimore Metropolitan Statistical Areas ("MSA"), focusing primarily on the Virginia counties of Arlington, Fairfax, Loudoun and Prince William and the independent cities located within those counties, as well as Washington, D.C. and its Maryland suburbs and Baltimore, Maryland and its surrounding suburbs. As of June 30, 2022, the Washington MSA had total deposits of 297.1 billion and the Baltimore MSA had total deposits of 104.6 billion, based on Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") data. 
 Our market area's unemployment rate has generally remained below the national average for the last several years. While the region continues to experience the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the region's unemployment rate remained below the national average as the region has the benefit of a highly trained and educated workforce concentrated in government and professional service businesses. These factors, along with the ability of the regional infrastructure to support remote working, have provided a greater amount of resiliency during the pandemic on the overall employment metrics for our market. 
 In addition to the presence of the federal government, the Washington MSA is defined by attractive market demographics, including strong household incomes, dense populations and the presence of a diverse group of large and small businesses. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the region is home to four of the top ten most highly educated counties in the nation and four to the top ten most affluent counties, as measured by household income. As of December 31, 2020, the Washington MSA had a median household income of 106,415, which ranks as sixth highest among all MSAs nationally, and a population of 6.3 million. The Virginia and Maryland localities within the Washington MSA in which we primarily operate have higher median household incomes than the Washington MSA as a whole and have an unemployment rate of 2.8 as of December 20 22. The significant presence of national and international businesses make 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 the Washington MSA one of the most economically vibrant and diverse markets in the country. The Washington MSA is currently home to 16 Fortune 500 companies, including eight based in Fairfax County. 
 The Baltimore MSA also has strong economic factors which enhance our business profile. As of December 31, 2020, the Baltimore MSA had a median household income of 83,811 which represented 3.3 growth over the previous year. The Baltimore MSA has an unemployment rate of 3.1 as of December 2022 . With a population of 2.8 million, the top industries of the Baltimore MSA include health care, education, and professional, scientific and technical services. 
 Our business, financial condition, and results of operations have been profoundly affected by the pandemic, which will potentially have adverse effects on our future performance. Both globally and within the United States, the pandemic has resulted in negative impacts and a disruption to economic and commercial activity and financial markets. The local economy in which we operate began to strengthen and improve during 2021 and continued into 2022. This economic improvement resulted in lower unemployment, increased consumer confidence, and increased housing development and housing prices. However, our business opportunities may be tempered by concerns related to inflation, the cessation of pandemic-related government stimulus, and contractionary monetary policy. Volatility in global economic markets, continued domestic political turmoil and various episodes of geopolitical unrest continue to provide a degree of uncertainty in financial markets. Aside from these challenges, we continue to be encouraged by the resiliency of the current economic environment and the prospects for continued growth of the Company. 
 Growth Strategy 
 Our approach features competitive customized financial services offered to customers and prospects in a personal relationship context by seasoned professionals. We provide a full range of banking services that become integral to our customers' business operations, which helps to enhance our ability to retain our relationships. We offer a better value proposition to our customers by providing high-touch service with few added fees. Our capabilities and reputation enable us to be selective in loan and customer selection, which contributes to our strong asset quality, and our ability to provide multiple services to customers. 
 We intend to continue expanding our market position through organic growth, through expansion of our relationships with our existing customers, acquisition of new customers and acquisition of seasoned bankers with strong customer relationships, through selective branching, and potentially opportunistic acquisitions or other strategic transactions, while increasing profitability, maintaining strong asset quality and a high level of customer service. 
 Our success has been driven by our mission to help our clients, communities and employees prosper. We strive to exceed our clients' expectations by delivering superior, personalized client service supported with high quality bank products and services. We invest in the growth of our employees and we give back to the communities in which we do business to foster a brighter future for everyone who lives there. Much of our early growth was the result of the active promotion by our organizing shareholders, our board of directors, our advisory board and our shareholders as many of the aforementioned are customers. We receive referrals from existing customers and all employees are encouraged to promote the Company. We believe having such a large group of individuals actively promote the Company has and will continue to augment our ability to generate both deposits and loans through staff and management led marketing and calling campaigns. As we have grown, we have increased our reliance on management originated customer relationships, but believe that our strong network of personal, customer and shareholder relationships and referrals will continue to be a significant factor in our business development strategy. 
 Our vision is to be known as the number one community bank in experience and service in our community. Our passion is to provide the utmost banking experience for each of our clients, to create a positive and empowering work environment for our employees, to fulfill our obligation of corporate citizenship in the communities in which we operate and to ensure that our Bank increases profitability and grows prudently, ensuring its strength and continuity, and increasing shareholder value. 
 Our Products and Services 
 We emphasize providing commercial banking services to small and medium-sized businesses, professionals, non-profit organizations and associations, and investors living and working in and near our service area. We offer retail banking services to accommodate the individual needs of both corporate customers as well as the communities we serve. We also offer online banking, mobile banking and a remote deposit service, which allows clients to facilitate and expedite deposit transactions through the use of electronic devices. A sophisticated suite of treasury management products is a key feature 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 of our client focused, relationship driven marketing. We have partnered with experienced service providers in both insurance and merchant services to further augment the products available to our customers. 
 Lending Products 
 We provide a variety of lending products to small and medium-sized businesses, including (i) commercial real estate loans; (ii) commercial construction loans; (ii) commercial loans for a variety of business purposes such as for working capital, equipment purchases, lines of credit, and government contract financing; (iii) Small Business Administration ("SBA") lending; (iv) asset based lending and accounts receivable financing; (v) home equity loans, or home equity lines of credit; and (vi) consumer loans for constructive purposes. Through our partnership with ACM, we purchase residential mortgage loans primar ily originated in our market area tha t meet our product criteria and pricing, to help with the diversification of our loan portfolio. Although we do not generally actively originate them, we have acquired pools of other types of loans, student loans and other consumer loans, in order to diversify the loan portfolio, put capital to work before organic loan production requires it, and to increase margin. We may also purchase participations from other banks in our market. Any acquired loans must meet our standard underwriting requirements. 
 During 2020 and 2021, we participated in the SBA's Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP"), which provided forgivable loans to small businesses to enable them to maintain payroll, rehire employees who had been laid off, and cover applicable overhead. These loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA and provide for the full forgiveness of the loans during a specified forgiveness period that meet specific guidelines provided by the SBA. Loans that do not meet forgiveness criteria will enter a repayment period of either 2 or 5 years. At December 31, 2022, PPP loans totaled 2.0 million, net of fees, or 0.1 of total loans as this population continues to decline as no new originations occurred during 2022. 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans. Commercial real estate loans, which comprise the largest portion of the loan portfolio, are secured by both owner occupied and investor owned commercial properties, including multi-family residential real estate. Commercial real estate loans are structured using both variable and fixed rates and renegotiable rates which adjust in three to five years, with maturities of generally five to ten years. At December 31, 2022, owner occupied commercial real estate loans represented 11.3 of the loan portfolio . At December 31, 2022, non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans represented approximately 39.0 of the loan portfolio and multi-family residential real estate comprised 9.4 of the portfolio. We seek to mitigate lending risks typical of this type of loan such as declines in real estate values, changes in borrower cash flow and general economic conditions. We typically require a maximum loan to value of 80 and minimum cash flow and debt service coverages, of at least 1.20 to 1.00. Personal guarantees are generally required, but may be limited. We generally require that interest rates adjust not less frequently than five years. For purposes of geographic diversification, we will also make commercial real estate loans outside of our primary and secondary markets, in an area extending south to Richmond, Virginia, and north of Baltimore, Maryland, and between Winchester, Virginia and the Eastern Shore of Maryland. 
 Construction Loans. Commercial construction loans for the acquisition, development and construction of commercial real estate also comprise a significant and growing portion of the portfolio. At December 31, 2022, such loans represented 8.0 of the loan portfolio. Our t ypical commercial construction loan involves property that will ultimately be leased to a non-owner occupant. We will finance construction projects of a speculative nature, which are well-conceived and structured with appropriate interest reserves and analyzed fully. In underwriting commercial construction loans, we consider the expected costs of the transaction, the loan to value ratio, the credit history, cash flows and liquidity of the borrower, the project and the guarantors, the debt service coverage ratios (which are stressed prior to approval), take out sources for the permanent loan or repayment of the construction loan, the reputation, experience and qualifications of the borrower, the general contractor and others involved with the project and other factors. Commercial construction loans are generally made on a variable rate basis, typically based on the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate and subject to rate floors, for terms of 12 - 24 months. Generally, we do not make commercial construction loans outside of our primary or secondary market areas. 
 Commercial Loans, Government Contracting. Commercial loans, excluding PPP loans, for a variety of business purposes, including working capital, equipment purchases, lines of credit, and government contract financing and asset based lending and accounts receivable financing, comprise approximately 13.2 of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. The warehouse facility provided to ACM is also included in this loan type. We make commercial loans on a secured or unsecured basis. We generally require t he owners, managing members, general partners and principals of the borrowing entity or that control more than 20 of the borrower to guaranty the loan, unless a combination of low leverage, significant income and debt service coverage ratios, and substantial experience in operating the business, strong management and internal controls and/or other factors are demonstrated. Commercial loans are typically made with variable or adjustable 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 rates. The cash flow of the borrower/borrower's operating business is often the principal source of debt service, with a secondary emphasis on other collateral. 
 We have developed a special expertise in government contract financing. We lend to government contractors or subcontractors headquartered in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. This area of lending encompasses lines of credit for working capital, financing of government leases, mergers and acquisition financing, and, less frequently term loans, to operating companies that recognize over 50 of their total revenues from services provided to federal government agencies or rated state and municipal governments. Our borrowers are typically engaged in technology or service businesses, but may also include construction and equipment providers, or entities working on "classified" projects. A government contractor borrower must have an acceptable level of eligible accounts receivable, provide appropriate security instruments perfecting our rights in the accounts receivable or other collateral, and are subject to periodic review and monitoring of their receivables, contract backlog and contract compliance. The contractor is typically required to have its primary deposit relationship with us. Advance rates will be up to 90 of prime eligible government receivables, and lower percentages depending on the nature of th e receivables. At December 31, 2022, outstanding loans to government contractors represented 40.3 of our commercial and industrial segment. Total commitments to government contractors totaled 305.1 million at December 31, 2022. Government contract loans are typically made with variable or adjustable rates. Lines of credit typically have a one year term. As with other commercial loans, guarantees are typically requir ed. 
 Consumer Residential. We actively originate loans for residential 1-4 family trust investment purposes and HELOCs in the communities we serve in the Washington and Baltimore MSAs. In addition, we have portfolio mortgage products that we developed for use by ACM to help diversify our total loan portfolio. Our HELOCs generally have a maximum loan to value of up to 85 , however, due to the favorable economic conditions and strong residential real estate market in these markets, actual loan to values are typically lower than the maximum. We provide HELOCs a s a service to our customers and when we receive referrals from various mortgage brokers within our market area. As of December 31, 2022, HELOCs comprise 1.9 of total loans. Loans originated for residential 1-4 family trust investment purposes comprise 4.9 of total loans as of December 31, 2022. While we do not typically originate residential first mortgages, we will occasionally originate a mortgage loan meeting our investment preferences presented by a mortgage broker. We have also purchased portfolios of 1-4 family residential first mortgage loans on properties primarily located in our market area for yield and diversification. At December 31, 2022, consumer residential loans represented 18.5 of the loan portfolio. 
 Other Loans. We occasionally originate consumer loans both on an unsecured basis and secured by non-real estate collateral. We have also purchased pools of unsecured consumer loans and student loans from a third party for yield and diversification. 
 The lending activities in which we engage carry the risk that the borrowers will be unable to perform on their obligations. As such, interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve") and general economic conditions, nationally and in our market areas, could have a significant impact on our results of operations. To the extent that economic conditions deteriorate business and individual borrowers may be less able to meet their obligations to us in full, in a timely manner, resulting in decreased earnings or losses. Economic conditions may also adversely affect the value and liquidity of property pledged as security for loans. 
 Our goal is to mitigate risks in the event of unforeseen threats to the loan portfolio as a result of economic downturn or other negative influences. Plans for mitigating inherent risks in managing loan assets include: carefully enforcing loan policies and procedures, evaluating each borrower's business plan during the underwriting process and throughout the loan term, identifying and monitoring primary and alternative sources for loan repayment, and obtaining collateral to mitigate economic loss in the event of liquidation. Specific loan reserves are established based upon credit and/or collateral risks on an individual loan basis. A risk rating system is employed to proactively estimate loss exposure and provide a measuring system for setting general and specific reserve allocations. 
 Our lending activities are subject to a variety of lending limits imposed by state and federal law. These limits will increase or decrease in response to increases or decreases in our level of capital. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had a legal lending limit of 38.5 million. At December 31, 2022, our average funded loan size outstanding, excluding PPP loans, for commercial real estate (including commercial construction) and commercial loans was 2.2 million and 1.1 million, respectively. In accordance with internal lending policies, we may sell participations of loans to other banks, which allows us to manage risk involved in these loans and to meet the lending needs of our clients. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk. Most of our lending is conducted with businesses and individuals in the suburbs of Washington, D.C. Our loan portfolio consists primarily of commercial real estate loans, including construction and land 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 loans, which totaled 1.25 billion and constituted 67.8 of total loans as of December 31, 2022, and commercial loans, including loans to government contractors and the ACM warehouse lending facility, which totaled 243.2 million and constituted 13.2 of total loans as of December 31, 2022. The geographic concentration of our loans subjects our business to the general economic conditions within our market area. The risks created by such concentrations have been considered by management in the determination of the ad equacy of the allowance for loan losses. Management believes the allowance for loan losses is adequate to cover probable incurred losses in our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 Comprehensive risk management practices and appropriate capital levels are essential elements of a sound commercial real estate lending program. A concentration in commercial real estate adds a dimension of risk that compounds the risk inherent in individual loans. The federal banking agencies have issued guidance governing financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. The guidance provides that institutions that have (i) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land which represent 100 or more of an institution's total risk-based capital; or (ii) total reported commercial real estate loans, excluding loans secured by owner-occupied commercial real estate, representing 300 or more of the institution's total risk-based capital and the institution's commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50 or more during the prior 36 months, are identified as having potential commercial real estate concentration risk. Institutions which are deemed to have concentrations in commercial real estate lending are expected to employ heightened levels of risk management with respect to their commercial real estate portfolios, and may be required to hold higher levels of capital. We have a concentration in comme rcial real estate loans, and we have experienced significant growth in our commercial real estate portfolio in recent years. As of December 31, 2022, commercial real estate loans as defined for regulatory purposes represented 405 of our total risk-based capital. Of those loans, commercial construction, development and land loans represented 57 of our total risk based capital. Owner-occupied commercial real estate loans represented an additional 81 of our total risk based capital. Management has extensive experience in commercial real estate lending, and has implemented and continues to maintain heig htened portfolio monitoring and reporting, and strong underwriting criteria with respect to our commercial real estate portfolio. 
 Deposit Products 
 We offer a wide array of deposit products for individuals, professionals, government contractors and other businesses, including interest and noninterest-bearing transaction accounts, certificates of deposit, savings, and money market accounts. We are a relationship based bank, and maintenance of significant deposit relationships is a factor in our decision to make loans and the pricing of our products. 
 Our sophisticated treasury management and online banking platform allows a commercial customer to view balances, initiate payments, pay bills (including positive pay), issue stop payments, reconcile accounts and set up custom alerts. Online wires, ACH (including positive authorization), remote capture, cash disbursement and cash concentration are additional payment options available to businesses. We provi de customers with a sophisticated escrow management product which facilitates and simplifies management of multiple escrow balances. We also provide secure credit card processing and merchant services, with reporting tailored to customer needs. Additionally, we offer online and mobile banking products to our consumer depositors, to complement our branch network. 
 Other Services 
 Through third party networks, we offer our customers access to a full range of business insurance products and business and consumer credit card products. 
 Competition 
 We are one of the few remaining locally owned and managed independent community banks headquartered in Northern Virginia. We believe that this is an advantageous position and valuable quality which positively differentiates us from our competitors and positions us for future growth from individuals and small and mid-sized business customers who value the attention and customized services which a locally owned and managed community bank can provide. 
 As of June 30, 2022, there were approximately 297.1 billion in total deposits shared between banking institutions located in the Washington MSA, according to the FDIC. As of the aforementioned date, our deposit market share was approximately 0.64 in the Washington MSA. Our strategic goal is to increase our market share through selective new branch additions, opportunistic acquisitions, and acquisitions of customers from larger competitors. PNC Bank, Capital One, Wells Fargo Bank, Truist Bank, and Bank of America Corporation hold the primary market shares. However, we believe these large banks generally cannot provide the same level of attention and customization of services to small 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 businesses that we seek to provide. Through correspondents, referrals to third parties with whom we have partnered, and our own capabilities, we are a full service financial provider, able to compete in substantially all areas of banking, except trust services. Additionally, we believe we provide competitively priced products, superior customer service, flexibility and responsiveness when compared to our larger competitors. 
 The banking business is highly competitive. We compete as a financial intermediary with other commercial banks, savings banks, credit unions, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market mutual funds, financial technology companies and other financial institutions operating in the Washington and Baltimore MSAs and elsewhere. 
 Our market area is a highly competitive, highly branched, banking market. Competition in our market area for loans to small and middle-market businesses and professionals, our target market, is intense and pricing is important. Several of our competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits than we have, and offer certain services, such as extensive and established branch networks and trust services that we do not currently provide or currently expect to provide in the near future. Moreover, larger institutions operating in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan market have access to borrowed funds at a lower cost than may be available to us. Additionally, deposit competition among institutions in the market area is strong. As a result, it is possible that we may pay above market rates to attract deposits. 
 Risk Management 
 We believe that effective risk management is of primary importance. Risk management refers to the activities by which we identify, measure, monitor, evaluate and manage the risks we face in the course of our banking activities. These include liquidity, interest rate, credit, operational, compliance, regulatory, strategic, financial and reputational risk exposures. Our board of directors and management team have created a risk-conscious culture that is focused on quality growth, which starts with capable and experienced risk management teams and an infrastructure capable of addressing the evolving risks we face, as well as the changing regulatory and compliance landscape. Our risk management approach employs comprehensive policies and processes to establish robust governance. We believe a disciplined and conservative underwriting approach has been the key to our strong asset quality. 
 Our board of directors sets the tone at the top of our organization, adopting and overseeing the implementation of our risk management, establishing our overall risk appetite and risk management strategy. The board of directors approves our various operating policies, which include risk policies, procedures, limits, targets and reporting structured to guide decisions regarding the appropriate balance between risk and return considerations in our business. Our board of directors receives periodic reporting on the risks and control environment effectiveness and monitors risk levels in relation to the approved risk appetite. 
 Credit risk is the risk that borrowers or counterparties will be unable or unwilling to repay their obligations in accordance with the underlying contractual terms and the risk that credit assets will suffer significant deterioration in market value. We manage and control credit risk in our loan portfolio by adhering to well-defined underwriting criteria and account administration standards established by management, and approved by the board of directors. Our written loan policies document underwriting standards, approval levels, exposure limits and other limits or standards deemed necessary and prudent. Portfolio diversification at the obligor, product and geographic levels is actively managed to mitigate concentration risk. In addition, credit risk management includes an independent credit review process that assesses compliance with policies, risk rating standards and other critical credit information. In addition to implementing risk management practices that are based upon established and sound lending practices, we adhere to sound credit principles. We evaluate our customers' borrowing needs and capacity to repay, in conjunction with their character and history. Our management and board of directors place significant focus on maintaining a healthy risk profile and ensuring sustainable growth. Our risk appetite seeks to balance the risks necessary to achieve our strategic goals while ensuring that our risks are appropriately managed and remain within our defined limits. 
 Our management of interest rate and liquidity risk is overseen by our Asset and Liability Committee, based on a risk management infrastructure approved by our board of directors that outlines reporting and measurement requirements. In particular, this infrastructure reviews financial performance, trends, and significant variances to budget; reviews and recommends for board approval risk limits and tolerances; reviews ongoing monitoring and reporting regarding our performance with respect to these areas of risk, including compliance with board-approved risk limits and stress-testing; ensures annual back-testing and independent validation of models at a frequency commensurate with risk level; reviews all hedging strategies and recommends changes as appropriate; reviews and recommends our contingency funding plan; establishes wholesale borrowing limits to be submitted to the board of directors; and acts as a second line of defense in 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 reviewing information and reports submitted to the committee for the purpose of identifying, investigating, and assuring remediation, to its satisfaction, of errors or irregularities, if any. 
 Investment Portfolio 
 Our investment securities portfolio is primarily maintained as an on-balance sheet contingent source of liquidity to fund loans and meet the demands of depositors. It provides additional interest income and we seek to have limited interest rate risk and credit risk. We currently classify substantially all of our investment securities as available-for-sale. Our investment policy authorizes investment primarily in securities of the U.S. government and its agencies; mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations issued and fully backed by U.S. government agencies, securities of municipalities and to a lesser extent corporate bonds and other obligations, in each case meeting identified credit standards. The securities portfolio, along with certain loans, may also be used to collateralize public deposits, Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ("FHLB") borrowings, and Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond ("FRB") borrowings. We manage our investment portfolio according to written investment policies approved by our board of directors. Our investment strategy aims to maximize earnings while maintaining liquidity in securities with minimal credit risk and interest rate risk which is reflective in the yields obtained on those securities. 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we had 131 full-time employees and 4 part-time employees. N one of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good and have not experienced interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements. 
 Additional Information 
 Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "FVCB." We maintain a website at www.fvcbank.com. 
 We make available free of charge through our website all of our U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") filings, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing such material to the SEC at www.sec.gov. Information on our website does not constitute part of, and is not incorporated into, this report or any other filing we make with the SEC. 
 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 Our business and operations are subject to extensive federal and state governmental regulation and supervision. The following is a brief summary of certain statutes and rules and regulations that affect or may affect us. This summary is not intended to be an exhaustive description of the statutes or regulations applicable to our business. Supervision, regulation, and examination of the Company by the regulatory agencies are intended primarily for the protection of depositors and the Deposit Insurance Fund, rather than our shareholders. 
 The Company . The Company is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended ("the Act"), and is subject to regulation and supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve"). The Act and other federal laws subject bank holding companies to restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage, and to a range of supervisory requirements and actions, including regulatory enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe and unsound banking practices. As a bank holding company, the Company is required to file with the Federal Reserve an annual report and such other additional information as the Federal Reserve may require pursuant to the Act. The Federal Reserve may also examine the Company and each of its subsidiaries. As a small bank holding company under the Federal Reserve's Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement, the Company is not subject to risk-based capital requirements adopted by the Federal Reserve, which are substantially identical to those applicable to the Bank, and which are described below. 
 The Act requires approval of the Federal Reserve for, among other things, a bank holding company's direct or indirect acquisition of control of more than five percent (5 of the voting shares, or substantially all the assets, of any bank or the merger or consolidation by a bank holding company with another bank holding company. The Act also generally permits the acquisition by a bank holding company of control, or substantially all of the assets of, any bank located in a state other 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 than the home state of the bank holding company, except where the bank has not been in existence for the minimum period of time required by state law; but if the bank is at least 5 years old, the Federal Reserve may approve the acquisition. 
 With certain limited exceptions, a bank holding company is prohibited from acquiring control of any voting shares of any company which is not a bank or bank holding company and from engaging directly or indirectly in any activity other than banking or managing or controlling banks or furnishing services to or performing service for its authorized subsidiaries. A bank holding company may, however, engage in, or acquire an interest in a company that engages in, activities which the Federal Reserve has determined by order or regulation to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be properly incident thereto. In making such a determination, the Federal Reserve is required to consider whether the performance of such activities can reasonably be expected to produce benefits to the public, such as convenience, increased competition or gains in efficiency, which outweigh possible adverse effects, such as undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest or unsound banking practices. Some of the activities that the Federal Reserve has determined by regulation to be closely related to banking include making or servicing loans, performing certain data processing services, acting as a fiduciary or investment or financial advisor, and making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare. The Federal Reserve may order a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any of these activities or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when it has reasonable cause to believe that the bank holding company's continued ownership, activity or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness, or stability of it or any of its bank subsidiaries. 
 The Gramm Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 ("GLB Act"), allows a bank holding company or other company to certify its status as a financial holding company, which would allow such company to engage in activities that are financial in nature, that are incidental to such activities, or are complementary to such activities. The GLB Act enumerates certain activities that are deemed financial in nature, such as underwriting insurance or acting as an insurance principal, agent or broker, underwriting, dealing in or making markets in securities, and engaging in merchant banking under certain restrictions. It also authorizes the Federal Reserve to determine by regulation what other activities are financial in nature, or incidental or complementary thereto. The Company has not elected financial holding company status. 
 The Act and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act ("FDIA"), require a bank holding company to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to its bank subsidiaries. As a result of a bank holding company's source of strength obligation, a bank holding company may be required to provide funds to a bank subsidiary in the form of subordinated capital or other instruments which qualify as capital under bank regulatory rules. Any loans from the holding company to such subsidiary banks likely would be unsecured and subordinated to such bank's depositors and perhaps to other creditors of the Bank. In addition, where a bank holding company has more than one FDIC-insured bank or thrift subsidiary, each of the bank holding company's subsidiary FDIC-insured depository institutions is responsible for losses to the FDIC as a result of an affiliated depository institution's failure. 
 A bank holding company is generally required to give the Federal Reserve prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of its own then outstanding equity securities. The Federal Reserve may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve. 
 As a Virginia corporation, the Company is subject to additional limitations and restrictions. For example, state law restrictions include limitations and restrictions relating to indemnification of directors, distributions to shareholders, transactions involving directors, officers or interested shareholders, maintenance of books, records, minutes, borrowing and the observance of corporate formalities. 
 The Bank . The Bank is a Virginia chartered commercial bank and a member of the Federal Reserve System, whose accounts are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC up to the maximum legal limits of the FDIC. The Bank is subject to regulation, supervision and regular examination by the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions (the "VBFI") and the Federal Reserve. The regulations of these various agencies govern most aspects of the Bank's business, including required reserves against deposits, loans, investments, mergers and acquisitions, borrowing, dividends and location and number of branch offices. 
 The laws and regulations governing the Bank generally have been promulgated to protect depositors and the Deposit Insurance Fund, and not for the purpose of protecting shareholders. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial banks, savings and loan associations and credit unions are generally able to engage in interstate banking or acquisition activities. As a result, banks in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area can, subject to limited restrictions, acquire or merge with a bank in another jurisdiction, and can branch de novo in any jurisdiction. 
 Banking is a business, which depends on interest rate differentials. In general, the difference between the interest paid by a bank on its deposits and its other borrowings and the interest received by a bank on loans extended to its customers and on securities held in its investment portfolio constitutes the major portion of the Bank's earnings. Thus, the earnings and growth of the Bank are subject to the influence of economic conditions generally, both domestic and foreign, and also to the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States and its agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve, which regulates the supply of money through various means including open market dealings in United States government securities. The nature and timing of changes in such policies and their impact on the Bank cannot be predicted. 
 Subsidiary banks of a bank holding company are subject to certain restrictions imposed by the Federal Reserve Act on any extensions of credit to the bank holding company or any of its subsidiaries, or investments in the stock or other securities thereof, and on the taking of such stock or securities as collateral for loans to any borrower. Further, a bank holding company and any subsidiary bank are prohibited from engaging in certain tying arrangements in connection with the extension of credit. A subsidiary bank may not extend credit, lease or sell property, or furnish any services, or fix or vary the consideration for any of the foregoing on the condition that: (i) the customer obtain or provide some additional credit, property or services from or to such bank other than a loan, discount, deposit or trust service; (ii) the customer obtain or provide some additional credit, property or service from or to the Company or any other subsidiary of the Company; or (iii) the customer not obtain some other credit, property or service from competitors, except for reasonable requirements to assure the soundness of credit extended. 
 Branching and Interstate Banking . The federal banking agencies are authorized to approve interstate bank merger transactions without regard to whether such transaction is prohibited by the law of any state, unless the home state of one of the banks has opted out of the interstate bank merger provisions of the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994, or the Riegle-Neal Act, by adopting a law after the date of enactment of the Riegle-Neal Act and prior to June 1, 1997 which applies equally to all out-of-state banks and expressly prohibits merger transactions involving out-of-state banks. Interstate acquisitions of branches are permitted only if the law of the state in which the branch is located permits such acquisitions. Such interstate bank mergers and branch acquisitions are also subject to the nationwide and statewide insured deposit concentration limitations described in the Riegle-Neal Act. Washington, D.C., Maryland and Virginia have each enacted laws, that permit interstate acquisitions of banks and bank branches. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act") authorizes national and state banks to establish de novo branches in other states to the same extent as a bank chartered by that state would be permitted to branch. 
 The GLB Act made substantial changes in the historic restrictions on non-bank activities of bank holding companies, and allows affiliations between types of companies that were previously prohibited. The GLB Act also allows banks to engage in a wider array of nonbanking activities through "financial subsidiaries." 
 Brokered Deposits. A "brokered deposit" is any deposit that is obtained from or through the mediation or assistance of a deposit broker. Deposit brokers may attract deposits from individuals and companies throughout the United States and internationally whose deposit decisions are based primarily on obtaining the highest interest rates. Certain reciprocal deposits of up to the lesser of 5 billion or 20 of an institution's deposits are excluded from the definition of brokered deposits, where the institution is "well-capitalized" and has a composite rating of 1 or 2. We have used brokered deposits in the past, and we intend to continue to use brokered deposits as one of our funding sources to support future growth. There are risks associated with using brokered deposits. In order to continue to maintain our level of brokered deposits, we may be forced to pay higher interest rates than those contemplated by our asset-liability pricing strategy. In addition, banks that become less than "well-capitalized" under applicable regulatory capital requirements may be restricted in their ability to accept or renew, or prohibited from accepting or renewing, brokered deposits. If this funding source becomes more difficult to access, we will have to seek alternative funding sources in order to continue to fund our growth. This may include increasing our reliance on FHLB borrowings, attempting to attract additional non-brokered deposits, and selling loans and securities. There can be no assurance that brokered deposits will be available, or if available, sufficient to support our continued growth. The unavailability of a sufficient volume of brokered deposits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The FDIC has proposed to adopt regulations that are intended to expand the ability of institutions to accept brokered deposits by, among other things, simplifying the process by which institutions and deposit brokers may obtain exemptions from the restriction or conditions on the acceptance of brokered deposits. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Regulations. The Company is subject to several federal laws that are designed to combat money laundering, terrorist financing, and transactions with persons, companies or foreign governments designated by U.S. authorities ("AML laws"). This category of laws includes the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020. 
 The AML laws and their implementing regulations require insured depository institutions, broker-dealers, and certain other financial institutions to have policies, procedures, and controls to detect, prevent, and report money laundering and terrorist financing. The AML laws and their regulations also provide for information sharing, subject to conditions, between federal law enforcement agencies and financial institutions, as well as among financial institutions, for counter-terrorism purposes. Federal banking regulators are required, when reviewing bank holding company acquisition and bank merger applications, to take into account the effectiveness of the anti-money laundering activities of the applicants. To comply with these obligations, the Company has implemented appropriate internal practices, procedures, and controls. 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control. The United States has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, foreign nationals and others, which are administered by the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"). The OFAC-administered sanctions targeting countries take many different forms. Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on a "U.S. person" engaging in financial transactions relating to making investments in, or providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of a sanctioned country have an interest by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons). Blocked assets (e.g. property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences. 
 Capital Adequacy . The Federal Reserve and the FDIC have adopted risk-based and leverage capital adequacy requirements, pursuant to which they assess the adequacy of capital in examining and supervising banks and bank holding companies and in analyzing bank regulatory applications. Risk-based capital requirements determine the adequacy of capital based on the risk inherent in various classes of assets and off-balance sheet items. The Dodd-Frank Act additionally requires capital requirements to be countercyclical so that the required amount of capital increases in times of economic expansion and decreases in times of economic contraction, consistent with safety and soundness. 
 The federal banking agencies have adopted rules to implement the framework for strengthening international capital and liquidity regulation adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ("Basel III"). The Basel III framework, among other things, (i) introduced the concept of common equity tier one capital ("CET1"), (ii) required that most adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital, (iii) expanded the scope of the adjustments to capital that may be made as compared to existing regulations, and (iv) specified that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and "Additional Tier 1 capital" instruments meeting specified requirements. 
 The Basel III rules require institutions to maintain: (i) a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of 4.5 , plus a "capital conservation buffer" of 2.5 , or 7.0 ; (ii) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 6.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer, or 8.5 ; (iii) a minimum ratio of Total (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer, or 10.5 ; and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of 4 , calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to balance sheet exposures plus certain off-balance sheet exposures (computed as the average of the month-end ratios each month during a calendar quarter). 
 Basel III also provides for a "countercyclical capital buffer," generally to be imposed when federal banking agencies determine that excess aggregate credit growth becomes associated with a buildup of systemic risk. This buffer would be a CET1 add-on to the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 . The current policy of the Federal Reserve is to maintain the countercyclical capital buffer at 0 in a normal risk environment. 
 Banking institutions with a ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets above the minimum but below the minimum plus the capital conservation buffer (or below the combined capital conservation buffer and countercyclical capital buffer, when the latter is applied) may face constraints on their ability to pay dividends, effect equity repurchases, and pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers, which constraints vary based on the amount of the shortfall. 
 The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act ("EGRRCPA") also directed the federal banking agencies to develop a "Community Bank Leverage Ratio" ("CBLR"), calculated by dividing tangible equity capital 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 by average consolidated total assets. In October 2019, the federal banking agencies adopted a CBLR of 9 . If a "qualified community bank," generally a depository institution or depository institution holding company with consolidated assets of less than 10 billion, has a leverage ratio which exceeds the CBLR, then such institution is considered to have met all generally applicable leverage and risk based capital requirements, the capital ratio requirements for "well capitalized" status under Section 38 of the FDIA, and any other leverage or capital requirements to which it is subject. An institution or holding company may be excluded from qualifying community bank status based on its risk profile, including consideration of its off-balance sheet exposures; trading assets and liabilities; total notional derivatives exposures; and such other facts as the appropriate federal banking agencies determine to be appropriate. We adopted this simplified capital regime on January 1, 2020. Effective September 30, 2022, we opted out of the CBLR framework. A banking organization that opts out of the CBLR framework can subsequently opt back into the CBLR framework if it meets the criteria listed above. We believe that the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 
 As discussed below, the Basel III rules also integrate the new capital requirements into the prompt corrective action provisions under Section 38 of the FDIA. 
 The capital ratios described above are the minimum levels that the federal banking agencies expect. Our state and federal regulators have the discretion to require us to maintain higher capital levels based upon our concentrations of loans, the risk of our lending or other activities, the performance of our loan and investment portfolios and other factors. Failure to maintain such higher capital expectations could result in a lower composite regulatory rating, which would impact our deposit insurance premiums and could affect our ability to borrow and costs of borrowing, and could result in additional or more severe enforcement actions. In respect of institutions with high concentrations of loans in areas deemed to be higher risk, or during periods of significant economic stress, regulators may require an institution to maintain a higher level of capital, and/or to maintain more stringent risk management measures, than those required by these regulations. 
 In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision published the last version of the Basel III accord, generally referred to as "Basel IV." The Basel Committee stated that a key objective of the revisions incorporated into the framework is to reduce excessive variability of risk-weighted assets, which will be accomplished by enhancing the robustness and risk sensitivity of the standardized approaches for credit risk and operational risk, which will facilitate the comparability of banks' capital ratios; constraining the use of internally modeled approaches; and complementing the risk-weighted capital ratio with a finalized leverage ratio and a revised and robust capital floor. Leadership of the federal banking agencies who are tasked with implementing Basel IV supported the revisions. Although it is uncertain at this time, it is anticipated that some, if not all, of the Basel IV accord may be incorporated into the capital requirements framework applicable to the Bank. 
 In 2016, FASB issued the current expected credit losses ("CECL") model, which became applicable to us on January 1, 2023. CECL requires financial institutions to estimate and establish a provision for credit losses over the lifetime of the asset, at the origination or the date of acquisition of the asset, as opposed to reserving for incurred or probable losses through the balance sheet date. Upon implementation, an institution would recognize a one-time cumulative effect adjustment to the allowance for cr edit losses. The Federal Reserve and FDIC have adopted a rule providing for an optional three-year phase-in period for the day-one adverse regulatory capital effects upon adopting the standard. The adjustment recorded at adoption was not significant to the overall allowance for credit losses or shareholders' equity as compared to December 31, 2022 and consisted of adjustments to the allowance for credit losses on loans as well as an adjustment to the Company's reserve for unfunded commitments. 
 Prompt Corrective Action . Under Section 38 of the FDIA, each federal banking agency is required to implement a system of prompt corrective action for institutions that it regulates. The federal banking agencies have promulgated substantially similar regulations for this purpose. The following capital requirements currently apply to the Bank for purposes of Section 38. 
 Capital Category Total Risk Based Capital Ratio Tier 1 Risk Based Capital Ratio Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio Leverage Ratio Tangible Equity to Assets Supplemental Leverage Ratio Well Capitalized 10 or greater 8 or greater 6.5 or greater 5 or greater n/a n/a Adequately Capitalized 8 or greater 6 or greater 4.5 or greater 4 or greater n/a 3 or greater Undercapitalized Less than 8 Less than 6 Less than 4.5 Less than 4 n/a Less than 3 Significantly Undercapitalized Less than 6 Less than 4 Less than3 Less than 3 n/a n/a Critically Undercapitalized n/a n/a n/a n/a Less than 2 n/a 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 An institution generally must file a written capital restoration plan which meets specified requirements with the appropriate federal banking agency within 45 days of the date the institution receives notice or is deemed to have notice that it is undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. The appropriate federal banking agency must provide the institution with written notice of approval or disapproval within 60 days after receiving a capital restoration plan, subject to extensions by the applicable agency. 
 Immediately upon becoming undercapitalized, an institution shall become subject to the provisions of Section 38 of the FDIA, which (i) restrict payment of capital distributions and management fees; (ii) require that the appropriate federal banking agency monitor the condition of the institution and its efforts to restore its capital; (iii) require submission of a capital restoration plan; (iv) restrict the growth of the institution's assets; and (v) require prior approval of certain expansion proposals. The appropriate federal banking agency for an undercapitalized institution also may take any number of discretionary supervisory actions if the agency determines that any of these actions is necessary to resolve the problems of the institution at the least possible long-term cost to the Deposit Insurance Fund, subject in certain cases to specified procedures. These discretionary supervisory actions include: requiring the institution to raise additional capital; restricting transactions with affiliates; requiring divestiture of the institution or the sale of the institution to a willing purchaser; and any other supervisory action that the agency deems appropriate. These and additional mandatory and permissive supervisory actions may be taken with respect to significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized institutions. 
 Regulatory Enforcement Authority . Federal banking law grants substantial enforcement powers to the federal banking agencies. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, to issue cease-and-desist or removal orders and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. Other actions or inactions may provide the basis for enforcement action, including misleading or untimely reports filed with regulatory authorities. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act. The Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law on July 21, 2010. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly restructured the financial regulatory regime in the United States and has had a broad impact on the financial services industry as a result of the significant regulatory and compliance changes required under the act. 
 
 The EGRRCPA, which became effective May 24, 2018, amended the Dodd-Frank Act to provide regulatory relief for certain smaller and regional financial institutions, such as the Company and the Bank. The EGRRCPA, among other things, provides financial institutions with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets with relief from certain capital requirements and exempts banks with less than 250 billion in total consolidated assets from the enhanced prudential standards and the company-run and supervisory stress tests required under the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act has had, and may in the future have, a material impact on the Company s operations, particularly through increased compliance costs resulting from new and possible future consumer and fair lending regulations. The future changes resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act may affect the profitability of business activities, require changes to certain business practices, impose more stringent regulatory requirements, or otherwise adversely affect the business and financial condition of the Company and the Bank. These changes may also require the Company to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements. 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") . The Dodd-Frank Act created the CFPB, a new, independent federal agency with broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers under various federal consumer financial protection laws, including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Truth in Lending Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the consumer financial privacy provisions of the GLB Act and certain other statutes. The CFPB has examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to depository institutions with over 10 billion in assets. Smaller institutions, including the Bank, are subject to rules promulgated by the CFPB but continue to be examined and supervised by federal banking agencies for compliance with federal consumer protection laws and regulations. The CFPB also has authority to prevent unfair, deceptive or abusive practices in connection with the offering of consumer financial products. The Dodd-Frank Act permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and standards that are more stringent than those adopted at the federal level and, in certain circumstances, permits state attorneys general to enforce compliance with both the state and federal laws and regulations. 
 The changes resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act and CFPB rulemakings and enforcement policies may impact the profitability of our business activities, limit our ability to make, or the desirability of making, certain types of loans, including non-qualified mortgage loans, require us to change our business practices, impose upon us more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage ratio requirements or otherwise adversely affect our business or profitability. The changes may also 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 require us to dedicate significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes to comply with the new statutory and regulatory requirements. 
 Mortgage Banking Regulation . The Bank is subject to rules and regulations related to mortgage loans that, among other things, establish standards for loan origination, prohibit discrimination, provide for inspections and appraisals of property, require credit reports on prospective borrowers, in some cases restrict certain loan features and fix maximum interest rates and fees, require the disclosure of certain basic information to mortgagors concerning credit and settlement costs, limit payment for settlement services to the reasonable value of the services rendered and require the maintenance and disclosure of information regarding the disposition of mortgage applications based on race, gender, geographical distribution and income level. The Bank is also subject to rules and regulations that require the collection and reporting of significant amounts of information with respect to mortgage loans and borrowers. The Bank s mortgage origination activities are subject to the Federal Reserve s Regulation Z, which implements the Truth in Lending Act. Certain provisions of Regulation Z require creditors to make a reasonable and good faith determination based on verified and documented information that a consumer applying for a mortgage loan has a reasonable ability to repay the loan according to its terms. To the extent that we make mortgage loans, we are required to comply with these rules, subject to available exceptions. 
 Fair and Responsible Banking. Banks and other financial institutions are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to promote fair and responsible banking and prohibit unlawful discrimination and unfair, deceptive or abusive practices in banking. These laws include, among others, the Dodd-Frank Act, Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and the Fair Housing Act. Many states and local jurisdictions have consumer protection laws analogous, and in addition, to those listed above. These federal, state and local laws regulate the manner in which financial institutions deal with customers taking deposits, making loans or conducting other types of transactions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could give rise to regulatory sanctions, and actions by the U.S. Department of Justice and state attorneys general. 
 Financial Privacy . Under the Federal Right to Privacy Act of 1978, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records, financial institutions are required to disclose their policies for collecting and protecting confidential information. Consumers generally may prevent financial institutions from sharing personal financial information with nonaffiliated third parties except for third parties that market the institutions' own products and services. Additionally, financial institutions generally may not disclose consumer account numbers to any nonaffiliated third party for use in telemarketing, direct mail marketing or other marketing through electronic mail to consumers. 
 Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA"). The CRA requires that, in connection with examinations of insured depository institutions within their respective jurisdictions, the federal banking agencies evaluate the record of each financial institution in meeting the needs of its local community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The Bank's record of performance under the CRA is publicly available. A bank's CRA performance is also considered in evaluating applications seeking approval for mergers, acquisitions, and new offices or facilities. Failure to adequately meet these criteria could result in additional requirements and limitations being imposed on the Bank. Additionally, we must publicly disclose the terms of certain CRA-related agreements. 
 
 In May 2022, the federal bank regulatory agencies jointly issued a proposed rule intended to strengthen and modernize the CRA regulatory framework. If implemented, the rule would, among other things, (i) expand access to credit, investment and basic banking services in low- and moderate-income communities, (ii) adapt to changes in the banking industry, including internet and mobile banking, (iii) provide greater clarity, consistency and transparency in the application of the regulations and (iv) tailor performance standards to account for differences in bank size, business model, and local conditions. 
 Concentration and Risk Guidance. The federal bank regulatory agencies have issued guidance governing financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. The guidance provides that institutions that have (i) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land which represent 100 or more of an institution's total risk-based capital; or (ii) total reported commercial real estate loans, excluding loans secured by owner-occupied commercial real estate, representing 300 or more of the institution's total risk-based capital and the institution's commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50 or more during the prior 36 months, are identified as having potential commercial real estate concentration risk. Institutions that are deemed to have concentrations in commercial real estate lending are expected to employ heightened levels of risk management with respect to their commercial real estate portfolios, and may be required to hold higher levels of capital. We have determined that we have a concentration in 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 commercial real estate lending, and while we believe we have implemented policies and procedures with respect to our commercial real estate lending consistent with the regulatory guidance, bank regulators could require us to implement additional policies and procedures consistent with their interpretation of the guidance that may result in additional costs to us. 
 
 FDIC Insurance Premiums . The deposits of the Bank are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund and are subject to deposit insurance assessments to maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund. The deposit insurance assessment base is based on average total assets minus average tangible equity, pursuant to a rule issued by the FDIC as required by the Dodd-Frank Act. Deposit insurance pricing is a financial ratios method based on CAMELS composite ratings to determine assessment rates for small established institutions with less than 10 billion in assets. The CAMELS rating system is a supervisory rating system designed to take into account and reflect all financial and operational risks that a bank may face, including capital adequacy, asset quality, management capability, earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity to market risk CAMELS ). CAMELS composite ratings set a maximum assessment for CAMELS 1 and 2 rated banks, and set minimum assessments for lower rated institutions. In 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded expense of 620 thousand and 770 thousand, respectively, for FDIC insurance premiums. In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase the assessment base rate schedules uniformly by two basis points beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The assessment base rate may increase further as a result of the recent activity transpired in the banking industry. 
 
 Limitations on Incentive Compensation. The federal bank regulatory agencies have issued comprehensive final guidance on incentive compensation policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of financial institutions do not undermine the safety and soundness of such institutions by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The Interagency Guidance on Sound Incentive Compensation Policies, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of financial institutions, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a financial institution s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the institution s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the financial institution s board of directors. 
 
 The Federal Reserve will review, as part of the regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of financial institutions, such as the Company and the Bank, that are not large, complex banking organizations. These reviews will be tailored to each financial institution based on the scope and complexity of the institution s activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. The findings of the supervisory initiatives will be included in reports of examination. Deficiencies will be incorporated into the institution s supervisory ratings, which can affect the institution s ability to make acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a financial institution if its incentive compensation arrangements or related risk-management control or governance processes pose a risk to the institution s safety and soundness, and the financial institution is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. At December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank have not been made aware of any instances of noncompliance with this guidance. 
 
 In October 2022, the SEC adopted a final rule directing national securities exchanges and associations, including The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC, the exchange on which our common stock is listed, to implement listing standards that require listed companies to adopt policies mandating the recovery or clawback of excess incentive compensation earned by a current or former executive officer during the three fiscal years preceding the date the listed company is required to prepare an accounting restatement, including to correct an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. In February 2023, The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC posted its initial rule filing with the SEC to implement this directive. The final rule will require us to adopt a clawback policy that is compliant with the new listing standard within 60 days after such standard becomes effective. 
 Cybersecurity . In March 2015, federal regulators issued two related statements regarding cybersecurity. One statement indicates that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. The other statement indicates that a financial institution's management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution's operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. If we fail to observe the regulatory guidance, we could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. On November 18, 2021, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule, effective April 1, 2022, imposing new notification requirements for cybersecurity incidents. The rule requires financial institutions to notify their primary federal regulator as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 the institution determines that a cybersecurity incident has occurred that has materially disrupted or degraded, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, the institution s: (i) ability to carry out banking operations, activities, or processes, or deliver banking products and services to a material portion of its customer base, in the ordinary course of business, (ii) business line(s), including associated operations, services, functions, and support, that upon failure would result in a material loss of revenue, profit, or franchise value, or (iii) operations, including associated services, functions and support, as applicable, the failure or discontinuance of which would pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States. 
 
 On March 9, 2022, the SEC issued a proposed rule intended to enhance and standardize disclosures regarding cybersecurity risk management, strategy, governance, and cybersecurity incident reporting by public companies, such as the Company, that are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The proposed rule would require current reporting about material cybersecurity incidents and periodic disclosures about policies and procedures to identify and manage cybersecurity risks, management s role in implementing cybersecurity policies and procedures, and the board of directors cybersecurity expertise and its oversight of cybersecurity risk. 
 To date, we have not experienced a significant compromise, significant data loss or any material financial losses related to cybersecurity attacks, but our systems and those of our customers and third-party service providers are under constant threat and it is possible that we could experience a significant event in the future. Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, as well as due to the expanding use of Internet banking, mobile banking and other technology-based products and services by us and our customers. 
 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act ("CARES Act") was signed into law on March 27, 2020 and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 ("Appropriations Act") was signed into law on December 27, 2020. Among other things, the CARES Act and Appropriations Act include the following provisions impacting financial institutions: 
 Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program . The CARES Act created the SBA's PPP and it was extended by the Appropriations Act. Under the PPP, money was authorized for small business loans to pay payroll and group health costs, salaries and commissions, mortgage and rent payments, utilities, and interest on other debt. The loans were provided through participating financial institutions, such as the Bank, that processed loan applications and service the loans. 
 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect us are described below. Any of these risks, if they are realized, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and consequently, the market value of our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect us. This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. If any of the matters included in the following information about risk factors were to occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Market Risks 
 Our business and operations may be materially adversely affected by weak economic conditions. 
 Our business and operations, which primarily consist of banking activities, including lending money to customers and borrowing money from customers in the form of deposits, are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the U.S. generally, and in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area in particular. The economic conditions in our local markets may be different from the economic conditions in the U.S. as a whole. If economic conditions in the U.S. or any of our markets weaken, our growth and profitability from our operations could be constrained. In addition, foreign economic and political conditions could affect the stability of global financial markets, which could hinder economic growth. The current economic environment is characterized by rising interest rates as a result of contractionary monetary policy which could impact our ability to attract deposits and to generate attractive earnings through our loan and investment portfolios. All these factors can individually or in the aggregate be detrimental to our business, and the interplay between these factors can be complex and unpredictable. Unfavorable market conditions, including as a result of events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and related disruptions, can result in a deterioration in the credit quality of our borrowers and the demand for our 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 products and services, an increase in the number of loan delinquencies, defaults and charge-offs, additional provisions for loan losses, a decline in the value of our collateral, and an overall material adverse effect on the quality of our loan portfolio. 
 Our business is significantly affected by monetary and related policies of the U.S. federal government and its agencies. Uncertainty about the federal fiscal policymaking process, the medium and long-term fiscal outlook of the federal government, and future tax rates are concerns for businesses, consumers and investors in the U.S. Changes in any of these policies are influenced by macroeconomic conditions and other factors that are beyond our control. Adverse economic conditions and government policy responses to such conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
 We are subject to interest rate risk, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 Our profitability, like that of most financial institutions, depends to a large extent on our net interest income, which is the difference between our interest income on interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and our interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Federal Reserve. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest we receive on loans and securities and the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could affect our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities, and the average duration of our assets. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, our net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 When short-term interest rates rise, the rate of interest we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities may rise more quickly than the rate of interest that we receive on our interest-earning assets, which may cause our net interest income to decrease. Additionally, a shrinking yield premium between short-term and long-term market interest rates, a pattern usually indicative of investors' waning expectations of future growth and inflation, commonly referred to as a flattening of the yield curve, typically reduces our profit margin as we borrow at shorter terms than the terms at which we lend and invest. 
 In addition, an increase in interest rates could also have a negative impact on our results of operations by reducing the ability of borrowers to repay their current loan obligations. These circumstances could not only result in increased loan defaults, foreclosures and charge-offs, but also reduce collateral values and necessitate further increases to the allowance for loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Inflation can have an adverse impact on our business and on our customers. 
 
 In 2022, the United States experienced the highest rates of inflation since the 1980s. In an effort to reduce inflation, the Federal Reserve increased the federal funds target rate seven times in 2022 from 0 - 0.25 at the beginning of the year to 4.25 4.50 as of December 31, 2022. Market interest rates increased in response over the course of the year. Inflation generally increases the cost of products and services we use in our business operations, as well as labor costs. We may find that we need to give higher than normal raises to employees and start new employees at a higher wage. Furthermore, our clients are also affected by inflation and the rising costs of products and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to repay their loans with us. As market interest rates rise, the value of our investment securities generally decreases, although this effect can be less pronounced for floating rate instruments. Higher interest rates reduce the demand for loans and increase the attractiveness of alternative investment and savings products, like U.S. Treasury securities and money market funds, which can make it difficult to attract and retain deposits. 
 
 Transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to another benchmark rate could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 The administrator of LIBOR announced that the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings would cease to be published or cease to be representative after June 30, 2023. Management cannot predict whether or when LIBOR will 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 actually cease to be available or what impact such a transition may have on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework to replace LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on the Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no or ineffective fallbacks. Although governmental authorities have endeavored to facilitate an orderly discontinuation of LIBOR, no assurance can be provided that this aim will be achieved or that the use, level, and volatility of LIBOR or other interest rates, or the value of LIBOR-based securities will not be adversely affected. There continues to be substantial uncertainty as to the ultimate effects of the LIBOR transition, including with respect to the acceptance and use of SOFR and other benchmark rates. 
 
 The transition from LIBOR could create considerable costs and additional risk. Since proposed alternative rates are calculated differently, payments under contracts referencing new rates will differ from those referencing LIBOR. The transition will change our market risk profiles, requiring changes to risk and pricing models, valuation tools, product design and hedging strategies. Furthermore, failure to adequately manage this transition process with our customers could adversely impact our reputation. To mitigate the risks associated with the expected discontinuation of LIBOR, we have ceased originating LIBOR-linked loans, implemented fallback language for LIBOR-linked commercial loans, adhered to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association 2020 Fallbacks Protocol for interest rate swap agreements, and have updated our systems to accommodate SOFR-linked loans. Although we are currently unable to assess what the ultimate impact of the transition from LIBOR will be, failure to adequately manage the transition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and measures intended to prevent its spread could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted economic and commercial activity and financial markets, both globally and within the United States. Measures to contain the virus, such as stay-at-home orders, travel restrictions, closure of non-essential businesses, occupancy limitations and social distancing requirements, resulted in significant business and operational disruptions, including business closures, supply chain disruptions, and mass layoffs and furloughs. Though consumer and business spending and unemployment levels have improved significantly, the economic recovery has been uneven, with industries such as travel, entertainment, hospitality, and food service lagging. Supply chain disruptions precipitated by the abrupt economic slowdown have contributed to increased costs, lost revenue, and inflationary pressures for many segments of the economy. Further, a significant number of workers left their jobs during the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to wage inflation in many industries as businesses attempt to fill vacant positions. 
 
 The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the emergence of another health emergency, could (i) reduce the demand for loans and other financial services, (ii) result in increases in loan delinquencies, problem assets, and foreclosures, (iii) cause the value of collateral for loans, especially real estate, to decline in value, (iv) reduce the availability and productivity of our employees, (v) cause our vendors and counterparties to be unable to meet existing obligations to us, (vi) negatively impact the business and operations of third-party service providers that perform critical services for our business, (vii) cause the value of our investment securities portfolio to decline, (viii) and cause the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors to decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us. Any one of the combination of events described above could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Credit Risks 
 We are subject to credit risk, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 Our business depends on our ability to successfully measure and manage credit risk. As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that the principal of, or interest on, a loan will not be paid timely or at all or that the value of any collateral supporting a loan will be insufficient to cover our outstanding exposure. In addition, we are exposed to risks with respect to the period of time over which the loan may be repaid, risks relating to loan underwriting, risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions, and risks inherent in dealing with individual loans and borrowers. The creditworthiness of a borrower is affected by many factors including local market conditions and general economic conditions. If the overall economic climate in the U.S. generally, or in our market areas specifically, experiences material disruption, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and related disruptions, our borrowers may experience difficulties in repaying their loans, the collateral we hold may decrease in value or become illiquid, and our level of nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require significant additional provisions for loan losses. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Our risk management practices, such as monitoring the concentrations of our loans and our credit approval, review and administrative practices, may not adequately reduce credit risk, and our credit administration personnel, policies and procedures may not adequately adapt to changes in economic or any other conditions affecting related customers and the quality of the loan portfolio. Many of our loans are made to small businesses that are less able to withstand competitive, economic and financial pressures than larger borrowers. Consequently, we may have significant exposure if any of these borrowers becomes unable to pay their loan obligations as a result of economic or market conditions, or personal circumstances, such as divorce, unemployment or death. A failure to effectively measure and limit the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio may result in loan defaults, foreclosures and additional charge-offs, and may necessitate that we significantly increase our allowance for loan losses, each of which could adversely affect our net income. As a result, our inability to successfully manage credit risk could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A substantial portion of our loans are and will continue to be real estate related loans in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. Adverse changes in the real estate market or economy in this area could lead to higher levels of problem loans and charge-offs, adversely affecting our earnings and financial condition. 
 We make loans primarily to borrowers in the Washington, D.C. and Baltimore metropolitan areas, focusing on the Virginia counties of Arlington, Fairfax, Loudoun and Prince William and the independent cities located within those counties, Washington D.C., and its Maryland suburbs, and have a substantial portion of our loans secured by real estate. These concentrations expose us to the risk that adverse developments in the real estate market, or in the general economic conditions in such areas, or the continuation of such adverse developments, could increase the levels of nonperforming loans and charge-offs, and reduce loan demand and deposit growth. In that event, we would likely experience lower earnings or losses. Additionally, if economic conditions in the area deteriorate, or there is significant volatility or weakness in the economy or any significant sector of the area's economy, our ability to develop our business relationships may be diminished, the quality and collectability of our loans may be adversely affected, our provision for loan losses may increase, the value of collateral may decline and loan demand may be reduced. 
 Increases to our nonperforming assets or other problem assets will have an adverse effect on our earnings. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had nonperforming loans and loans 90 days or more past due of 4.5 million, or 0.24 of total loans, net of deferred fees. At that date, we had two loans considered troubled debt restructurings ("TDRs") totaling 830 thousand. If loans become 90 or more days past due and still accruing and move to nonaccrual loans, we will not record interest income on such loans, and may be required to reverse prior accruals, thereby adversely affecting our earnings. If the level of our nonperforming or other problem assets increases, we may be required to make additional provisions for loan losses, which will negatively impact our earnings. If we are required to foreclose on any collateral properties securing our loans, we will incur legal and other expenses in connection with the foreclosure and sale process and possible losses on the sale of other real estate owned ("OREO") or other collateral. Additionally, the resolution of nonperforming assets, TDRs and other problem assets requires the active involvement of management, which can distract management from its overall supervision of operations and other income producing activities. 
 Our concentrations of loans may create a greater risk of loan defaults and losses. 
 A substantial portion of our loans are secured b y various types of real estate in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area and substantially all of our loans are to borrowers in that area. At December 31, 2022, 86.3 of our total loans were secured by real estate; commercial real estate loans, excluding construction and land development, comprised the largest portion of these loans at 59.8 of our portfolio. This co ncentration exposes us to the risk that adverse developments in the real estate market, or the general economic conditions in our market, could increase our nonperforming loans and charge-offs, reduce the value of our collateral and adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Management believes that the commercial real estate concentration risk is mitigated by diversification among the types and characteristics of real estate collateral properties, sound underwriting practices, rigorous portfolio monitoring and ongoing market analysis. Construction and land development loans comprised 8.0 of total loans at December 31, 2022. Commercial and industrial loans, excluding PPP, comprised 13.2 , of total loans at December 31, 2022. These categories of loans have historically carried a higher risk of default than other types of loans, such as single family residential mortgage loans. The repayment of these loans often depends on the successful operation of a business or the sale or development of the underlying property, and, as a result, are more likely to be adversely affected by adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy in general. While we believe that our loan portfolio is well diversified in terms of borrowers and industries, these concentrations expose us to the risk that adverse developments in the real estate market, or in the general economic conditions in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, could increase the levels of nonperforming 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 loans and charge-offs, and reduce loan demand. In that event, we would likely experience lower earnings or losses. Additionally, if, for any reason, economic conditions in our market area deteriorate, or there is significant volatility or weakness in the economy or any significant sector of the area's economy, our ability to develop our business relationships may be diminished, the quality and collectability of our loans may be adversely affected, our provision for loan losses may increase, the value of collateral may decline and loan demand may be reduced. 
 Commercial real estate loans tend to have larger balances than single family mortgage loans and other consumer loans. Because the loan portfolio contains a significant number of commercial real estate loans with relatively large balances, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans may cause a significant increase in nonperforming assets. An increase in nonperforming loans could result in a loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the provision for loan losses, or an increase in loan charge-offs, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our portfolio of loans to small and mid-sized community-based businesses may increase our credit risk. 
 Many of our commercial business and commercial real estate loans are made to small business or middle market customers. These businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities and have a heightened vulnerability to economic conditions. If general economic conditions in the market area in which we operate negatively impact this important customer sector, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Moreover, a portion of these loans have been made by us in recent years and the borrowers may not have experienced a complete business or economic cycle. The deterioration of our borrowers' businesses may hinder their ability to repay their loans with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our government contractor customers, and businesses in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area in general, may be adversely impacted by the federal government and a budget impasse. 
 At December 31, 2022, 13.2 of our total loans were outstanding to commercial and industrial customers. Of that, approximately 40.3 of outstanding commercial and industrial loans are to government contractors or their subcontractors specializing in the defense and homeland security and defense readiness sectors, and we have commitments of 305.1 million to such borrowers. We are actively seeking to expand our exposure to this business segment. While we believ e that our loans to government contractor customers are unlikely to experience more than a delay in payment as a result of government shutdowns, the current emphasis on defense readiness presents an opportunity for many of our customers. In the event of a government shutdown, this could cause these customers to have their government contracts reduced or terminated for convenience, or have payments delayed, causing a loss of anticipated revenues or reduced cash flow, resulting in an increase in credit risk, and potentially defaults by such customers on their respective loans. 
 Our government contractor customers could also withdraw their deposit balances during a shutdown to fund current operations, resulting in additional liquidity risk. Additionally, temporary layoffs, salary reductions or furloughs of government employees or government contractors could have adverse impacts on other businesses in our market and the general economy of the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, and may indirectly lead to a loss of revenues by our customers. As a result, a government shutdown could lead to an increase in the levels of past due loans, nonperforming loans, loan loss reserves and charge-offs, and a decline in liquidity. 
 We have extended off-balance sheet commitments to borrowers which expose us to credit and interest rate risk. 
 We enter into off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. These off-balance sheet arrangements include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit and guarantees which would impact our liquidity and capital resources to the extent customers accept or use these commitments. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. Our exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit and guarantees written is represented by the contractual or notional amount of those instruments. We use the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as we do for on-balance sheet instruments. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Our allowance for credit losses may be inadequate to absorb losses inherent in the loan portfolio, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Experience in the banking industry indicates that a portion of our loans will become delinquent, and that some may only be partially repaid or may never be repaid at all. We may experience losses for reasons beyond our control, such as the impact of general economic conditions on customers and their businesses. In determining the size of our allowance for credit losses, we rely on an analysis of our loan portfolio considering historical loss experience, volume and types of loans, trends in classification, volume and trends in delinquencies and nonaccruals, economic conditions and other pertinent information. Although we endeavor to maintain our allowance for credit losses at a level adequate to absorb any inherent losses in the loan portfolio, the determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses is inherently highly subjective and requires us to make significant estimates of and assumptions regarding current credit risk and future trends, and the accuracy of our judgments depends on the outcome of future events. Further, despite our underwriting criteria and historical experience, we may be particularly susceptible to losses due to: (i) the geographic concentration of our loans, (ii) the concentration of higher risk loans, such as commercial real estate, and commercial and industrial loans, and (iii) the relative lack of seasoning of certain of our loans. 
 Deterioration of economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, inaccurate management assumptions, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may result in our experiencing higher levels of nonperforming assets and charge-offs, and incurring credit losses in excess of our current allowance for credit losses, requiring us to make material additions to our allowance for credit losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our federal and state banking regulators, as an integral part of their supervisory function, periodically review the allowance for credit losses. These regulatory agencies may require us to increase our provision for credit losses or to recognize further loan charge-offs based upon their judgments, which may be different from ours. If we need to make significant and unanticipated increases in the loss allowance in the future, or take additional charge-offs for which we have not established adequate reserves, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected at that time. 
 Lack of seasoning of our loan portfolio could increase risk of credit defaults in the future. 
 As a result of our organic growth over the p ast several years, as of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.05 billion, or 56.9 , of the loans in our loan portfolio (excluding PPP loans) were first originated during the past three years. The average age by loan type for loans originated in the past three years is: commercial real estate loans 1.30 years; commercial and industrial loans 1.46 years; commercial construction loans 0.89 years; consumer residential loans 1.14 years; and consumer nonresidential loans 1.48 years. In general, loans do not begin to show signs of credit deterioration or default until they have been outstanding for some period of time, a process referred to as "seasoning." As a result, a portfolio of older loans will usually behave more predictably than a newer portfolio. Therefore, the recent and current level of delinquencies and defaults may not represent the level that may prevail as the portfolio becomes more seasoned and may not serve as a reliable basis for predicting the health and nature of our loan portfolio, including net charge offs and the ratio of nonperforming assets in the future. Our limited experience with these loans may not provide us with a significant history with which to judge future collectability or performance. However, we believe that our stringent credit underwriting process, our ongoing credit review processes, and our history of successful management of our loan portfolio, mitigate these risks. Nevertheless, if delinquencies and defaults increase, we may be required to increase our provision for loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Strategic Risks 
 We operate in a highly competitive market and face increasing competition from a variety of traditional and new financial services providers, which could adversely impact our profitability. 
 The banking business is highly competitive. We compete as a financial intermediary with other commercial banks, savings banks, credit unions, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market mutual funds and other financial institutions operating in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area and elsewhere, as well as nontraditional competitors such as fintech companies and internet-based lenders, depositories and payment systems. Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to successfully compete with 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 traditional and new financial services providers, some of which maintain a physical presence in our market areas and others of which maintain only a virtual presence. 
 Our primary market area is a highly competitive, highly branched, banking market. Competition in the market area for loans to small and middle-market businesses and professionals, our target market, is intense and pricing is important. Several of our competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits than us, and offer certain services, such as extensive and established branch networks and trust services, that we do not currently provide or currently expect to provide in the near future. Moreover, larger institutions operating in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area may have access to borrowed funds at lower cost than will be available to us. Additionally, deposit competition among institutions in the market area is strong. Increased competition could require us to increase the rates we pay on deposits or lower the rates that we offer on loans, which could reduce our profitability. Our failure to compete effectively in our market could restrain our growth or cause us to lose market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The success of our growth strategy depends, in part, on our ability to identify and retain individuals with experience and relationships in our market. 
 Our success depends, in large part, on our management team and key employees. The loss of any of our management team or our key employees could materially adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements on a timely basis, or at all. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our management team or other key employees. Failure to attract and retain a qualified management team and qualified key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In order to continue to grow successfully, we must also identify and retain experienced loan officers with local expertise and relationships. We expect that competition for experienced loan officers will continue to be intense and that there will be a limited number of qualified loan officers with knowledge of, and experience in, the community banking industry in our market area. Even if we identify individuals that we believe could assist us in building our franchise, we may be unable to recruit these individuals away from their current banks. In addition, the process of identifying and recruiting loan officers with the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out our strategy is often lengthy. Our inability to identify, recruit and retain talented personnel could limit our growth and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The lack of acquisition opportunities in the future, or our inability to successfully bid for such opportunities as are available, could result in a slower pace of growth. 
 We may not be able to successfully manage continued growth. 
 As our capital base grows, so does our legal lending limit. We cannot be certain as to our ability to manage increased levels of assets and liabilities, or to successfully make and supervise higher balance loans. Further, we may not be able to maintain the relatively low number and level of nonperforming loans and charge-offs that we have experienced. We may be required to make additional investments in equipment, software, physical facilities and personnel to accumulate and manage higher asset levels and loan balances, which may adversely impact earnings, shareholder returns, and our efficiency ratio. Increases in operating expenses or nonperforming assets may have an adverse impact on the value of our common stock. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to grow and to remain profitable in future periods, or, if profitable, that our overall earnings will remain consistent with our prior results of operations, or increase in the future. A downturn in economic conditions in our market, particularly in the real estate market, heightened competition from other financial services providers, an inability to retain or grow our core deposit base, regulatory and legislative considerations, a failure to maintain adequate internal controls and compliance processes, and failure to attract and retain high-performing talent, among other factors, could limit our ability to grow assets, or increase profitability, as rapidly as we have in the past. Sustainable growth requires that we manage our risks by following prudent loan underwriting standards, balancing loan and deposit growth without materially increasing interest rate risk or compressing our net interest margin, maintaining more than adequate capital at all times, hiring and retaining qualified employees and successfully implementing our strategic initiatives. Our failure to sustain our historical rate of growth or adequately manage the factors that have contributed to our growth could have a material adverse effect on our earnings and profitability and therefore on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Regulatory requirements affecting our loans secured by commercial real estate could limit our ability to leverage our capital and adversely affect our growth and profitability. 
 The federal banking agencies have issued guidance governing financial institutions that have concentrations in commercial real estate lending. The guidance provides that institutions which have (i) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land loans which represent 100 or more of an institution's total risk-based capital; or (ii) total reported commercial real estate loans, excluding loans secured by owner-occupied commercial real estate, representing 300 or more of the institution's total risk-based capital, where the institution's commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50 or more during the prior 36 months, are identified as having potential commercial real estate concentration risk. Institutions which are deemed to have concentrations in commercial real estate lending are expected to employ heightened levels of risk management with respect to their commercial real estate portfolios, and may be required to hold higher levels of capital. We have a concentration in commercial real estate loans, and we have experienced significant growth in our commercial real estate portfolio in recent years. As of December 31, 2022, commercial real estate loans, as defined for regulatory purposes, represented 405 of our total risk-based capital. Of those loans, commercial construction, development and land loans represented 57 of our total risk based capital. Owner-occupied commercial real estate loans represented an additional 81 of our total risk based capital. Management has extensive experience in commercial real estate lending, and has implemented and continues to maintain heightened portfolio monitoring and reporting, and strong underwriting criteria with respect to its commercial real estate portfolio. Nevertheless, we could be required to maintain higher levels of capital as a result of our commercial real estate concentration, which could limit our growth, require us to obtain additional capital, and have a material adverse effect on our business , financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may face risks with respect to future expansion or acquisition activity. 
 We selectively seek to expand our banking operations through limited de novo branching or opportunistic acquisition activities. We cannot be certain that any expansion activity, through de novo branching, acquisition of branches of another financial institution or a whole institution, or the establishment or acquisition of nonbanking financial service companies, will prove profitable or will increase shareholder value. The success of any acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the estimated cost savings and revenue enhancements from combining our business and that of the target company. Our ability to realize increases in revenue will depend, in part, on our ability to retain customers and employees, and to capitalize on existing relationships for the provision of additional products and services. If our estimates turn out to be incorrect or we are not able to successfully combine companies, the anticipated cost savings and increased revenues may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of each company's ongoing business, diversion of management attention, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger. As with any combination of banking institutions, there also may be disruptions that cause us to lose customers or cause customers to withdraw their deposits. Customers may not readily accept changes to their banking arrangements that we make as part of or following an acquisition. Additionally, the value of an acquisition to us is dependent on our ability to successfully identify and estimate the magnitude of any asset quality issues of acquired companies. 
 We may not be successful in overcoming these risks or other problems encountered in connection with potential acquisitions or other expansion activity. Our inability to overcome these risks could have an adverse effect on our ability to implement our business strategy and enhance shareholder value, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Additionally, at December 31, 2022, we had 7.2 million of goodwill related to our acquisition of Colombo. Goodwill and other intangible assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis or when facts and circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if that goo dwill is determined to be impaired, which would require us to take an impairment charge. 
 New lines of business, products, product enhancements or services may subject us to additional risk. 
 From time to time, we may implement new lines of business or offer new products and product enhancements as well as new services within our existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts. In developing, implementing or marketing new lines of business, products, product enhancements or services, we may invest significant time and resources. We may underestimate the appropriate level of resources or expertise necessary to make new lines of business or products successful or to realize their expected benefits. We may not achieve the 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 milestones set in initial timetables for the development and introduction of new lines of business, products, product enhancements or services, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences, may also impact the ultimate implementation of a new line of business or offerings of new products, product enhancements or services. Any new line of business, product, product enhancement or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. We may also decide to discontinue businesses or products, due to lack of customer acceptance or profitability. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or offerings of new products, product enhancements or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Liquidity Risks 
 We may not be able to retain or grow our core deposit base, which could adversely impact our funding costs. 
 Like many financial institutions we rely on customer deposits as our primary source of funding for our lending activities, and we continue to seek customer deposits to maintain this funding base. Our future growth will largely depend on our ability to retain and grow our diverse deposi t base. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.83 billion in deposits. Our deposits are subject to potentially dramatic fluctuations in availability or price due to certain factors outside of o ur control, such as increasing competitive pressures for deposits, changes in interest rates and returns on other investment classes, customer perceptions of our financial health and general reputation, adverse developments in general economic conditions of an individual's business, and a loss of confidence by customers in us or the banking sector generally, which could result in significant outflows of deposits within short periods of time or significant changes in pricing necessary to maintain current customer deposits or attract additional deposits. Any such loss of funds could result in lower loan originations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and meet our obligations as they become due, and failure to maintain sufficient liquidity could materially adversely affect our growth, business, profitability and financial condition. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. Liquidity risk is the potential that we will be unable to meet our obligations as they become due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse conditions or consequences. We require sufficient liquidity to fund asset growth, meet customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities and withdrawals, payments on our debt obligations as they become due and other cash commitments under both normal operating conditions and other unpredictable circumstances, including events causing industry or general financial market stress. Liquidity risk can increase due to a number of factors, including an over-reliance on a particular source of funding or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation and major disasters. Factors that could detrimentally impact access to liquidity sources include, but are not limited to, a decrease in the level of our business activity as a result of a slowdown in our market, adverse regulatory actions against us, or changes in the liquidity needs of our depositors. Market conditions or other events could also negatively affect the level or cost of funding, affecting our ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner, and without adverse consequences. Our inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans, other sources, and our ability to maintain sufficient deposits, could have a substantial negative effect on our business, and could result in the closure of the Bank. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities or on acceptable terms could be impaired by factors that affect our organization specifically or the financial services industry or economy in general. Any substantial, unexpected, and/or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could impair our ability to fund operations and meet our obligations as they become due and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on customer deposits, including brokered deposits, and to a lesser extent on advances from the FHLB and federal funds purchased to fund our operations. Although we have historically been able to replace customer deposit withdrawals, maturing deposits, and advances if desired, we may not be able to replace such funds in the future if our financial condition, the financial condition of the FHLB or market conditions were to change. FHLB borrowings and other current sources of liquidity may not be available or, if available, sufficient to provide adequate funding for operations. 

27 

Table of Contents 

Operational Risks 
 We depend on information technology and telecommunications systems of third parties, and any systems failures or interruptions could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 
 Our business depends on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems. We outsource many of our major systems, such as data processing, deposit processing, loan origination, email and anti-money laundering monitoring systems. Of particular significance is our long-term contract for core data processing services with Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. The failure of these systems, or the termination of a third party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could interrupt our operations, and we could experience difficulty in implementing replacement solutions. In many cases, our operations rely heavily on secured processing, storage and transmission of information and the monitoring of a large number of transactions on a minute-by-minute basis, and even a short interruption in service could have significant consequences. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third party systems fail or experience interruptions. If significant, sustained or repeated, a system failure or service denial could compromise our ability to operate effectively, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business and subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, failure of third parties to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or fraud or misconduct on the part of employees of any of these third parties, could disrupt our operations or adversely affect our reputation. 
 We are subject to cybersecurity risks and security breaches and may incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize those risks and to respond to cyber incidents, and we may experience harm to our reputation and liability exposure from security breaches. 
 Our business involves the storage and transmission of customers' proprietary information and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation and potential liability. While we have incurred no material cyber-attacks or security breaches to date, a number of other financial services and other companies have disclosed cyber-attacks and security breaches, some of which have involved intentional attacks. Attacks may be targeted at us, our customers or both. Although we devote significant resources to maintain, regularly update and backup our systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of our computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to us or our customers, our security measures may not be effective against all potential cyber-attacks or security breaches. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate, or implement effective preventive measures against, all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because cyber-attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including persons who are involved with organized crime or associated with external service providers or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. These risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. If an actual or perceived security breach occurs, customer perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and could result in the loss of customers. 
 Failure to keep up with the rapid technological changes in the financial services industry could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position and profitability. 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes, with frequent introductions of new technology driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements than we have. We may not be able to implement new technology driven products and services effectively or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could harm our ability to compete effectively and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. As these technologies are improved in the future, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures in order to 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 remain competitive, which may increase our overall expenses and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of our systems, including those of third party providers or other financial institutions, or the failure to meet regulatory requirements for security of our systems, could cause serious negative consequences, including significant disruption of our operations, misappropriation of our confidential information or that of our customers, or damage to our computers or systems or those of our customers or counterparties, significant increases in compliance costs (such as repairing systems or adding new personnel or protection technologies), and could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to us or to our customers, loss of confidence in our security measures, customer dissatisfaction, significant litigation and regulatory exposure, and harm to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risks and/or losses to us. 
 Our risk management framework is comprised of various processes, systems and strategies, and is designed to manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including, among others, credit, market, liquidity, interest rate and compliance. Our framework also includes financial or other modeling methodologies that involve management assumptions and judgment. Our risk management framework may not be effective under all circumstances and may not adequately mitigate any risk or loss to us. If our risk management framework is not effective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business, financial condition, results of operations or growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. We may also be subject to potentially adverse regulatory consequences. 
 We may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services companies are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services companies, or the financial services industry generally, could lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by us or other institutions. These losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to design and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting rinciples ("GAAP"). Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable reports and prevent fraud. 
 We believe that a control system, no matter how well designed and managed, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. We may not be able to identify all significant deficiencies and/or material weaknesses in our internal control system in the future, and our failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and FDIC regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Litigation and regulatory actions, including possible enforcement actions, could subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments or other requirements resulting in increased expenses or restrictions on our business activities. 
 In the normal course of business, from time to time, we may be named as a defendant in various legal actions, arising in connection with our current and/or prior business activities. Legal actions could include claims for substantial compensatory or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Further, we may in the future be subject to consent orders or other formal or informal enforcement agreements with our regulators. We may also, from time to time, be the subject of subpoenas, requests for information, reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental agencies regarding our current and/or prior business activities. Any such legal or regulatory actions may subject us to substantial compensatory or punitive damages, significant fines, penalties, obligations to change our business practices or other requirements resulting in increased expenses, diminished income and damage to our 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 reputation. Our involvement in any such matters, whether tangential or otherwise, and even if the matters are ultimately determined in our favor, could also cause significant harm to our reputation and divert management attention from the operation of our business. Further, any settlement, consent order, other enforcement agreement or adverse judgment in connection with any formal or informal proceeding or investigation by government agencies may result in litigation, investigations or proceedings as other litigants and government agencies begin independent reviews of the same activities. As a result, the outcome of legal and regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to environmental, social and governance ESG practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 
 Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to climate risk, hiring practices, the diversity of the work force, and racial and social justice issues. Increased ESG related compliance costs could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and our stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. 
 Risks Related to Our Securities 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future, and we may not be able to do so. 
 Access to sufficient capital is critical in order to enable us to implement our business plan, support our business, expand our operations and meet applicable capital requirements. The inability to have sufficient capital, whether internally generated through earnings or raised in the capital markets, could adversely impact our ability to support and to grow our operations. If we grow our operations faster than we generate capital internally, we will need to access the capital markets. We may not be able to raise additional capital in the form of additional debt or equity on acceptable terms, or at all. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time, our financial condition and our results of operations. Economic conditions and a loss of confidence in financial institutions may increase our cost of capital and limit access to some sources of capital. Further, if we need to raise capital in the future, we may have to do so when many other financial institutions are also seeking to raise capital and would then have to compete with those institutions for investors. An inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have no current plans to pay cash dividends. 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive only such dividends as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. The Bank is our primary operating business and the source of substantially all of our earnings, and our ability to pay dividends will be subject to the earnings, capital levels, capital needs and limitations relating to the payment of dividends by the Bank to us. The amount of dividends that a bank may pay is limited by state and federal laws and regulations. While we have sufficient retained earnings and expect our future earnings to be sufficient to pay cash dividends, our board of directors currently intends to retain earnings for the purpose of financing growth. In addition, we are a bank holding company, and our ability to declare and pay dividends to our shareholders is dependent on federal regulatory considerations, including the guidelines of the Federal Reserve regarding capital adequacy and dividends. It is the policy of the Federal Reserve that bank holding companies should generally pay dividends on common stock only out of earnings, and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization's expected future needs, asset quality and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and financial accounting or reporting, including changes in them or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to extensive regulation and supervision that govern almost all aspects of our operations. These laws and regulations, among other matters, prescribe minimum capital requirements, impose limitations on our business 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 activities, limit the dividends or distributions that we can pay, restrict the ability of institutions to guarantee our debt, and impose certain specific accounting requirements that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in our capital than GAAP. Compliance with laws and regulations can be difficult and costly, and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional compliance costs. 
 
 We face increasing regulation and supervision of our industry. The Dodd-Frank Act instituted major changes to the banking and financial institutions regulatory regimes. Other changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies, or supervisory guidance, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such additional regulation and supervision has increased, and may continue to increase, our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. Further, our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, even if the failure was inadvertent or reflects a difference in interpretation, could subject us to restrictions on our business activities, fines and other penalties, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, capital base and the price of our securities. Further, any new laws, rules and regulations could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 We may be required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for our Bank in times of stress. 
 Under federal law and long-standing Federal Reserve policy, we, as a bank holding company, are required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to the Bank and to commit resources to support the Bank if necessary. We may be required to commit additional resources to the Bank at times when we may not be in a financial position to provide such resources or when it may not be in our, or our shareholders' or creditors', best interests to do so. A requirement to provide such support is more likely during times of financial stress for us and the Bank, which may make any capital we are required to raise to provide such support more expensive than it might otherwise be. In addition, any capital loans we make to the Bank are subordinate in right of repayment to deposit liabilities of the Bank. 
 We are subject to an extensive body of accounting rules and best practices. Periodic changes to such rules may change the treatment and recognition of critical financial line items and affect our profitability. 
 
 The nature of our business makes us sensitive to the large body of accounting rules in the U.S. From time to time, the governing bodies that oversee changes to accounting rules and reporting requirements may release new guidance for the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. For example, we are required to adopt the CECL model on January 1, 2023, which will require us to calculate the allowance for credit losses on the basis of the current expected credit losses over the lifetime of our loans. The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-13 as of January 1, 2023 in accordance with the required implementation date and recorded the impact of adoption to retained earnings, net of deferred income taxes, as required by the standard. The adjustment recorded at adoption was not significant to the overall allowance for credit losses or shareholders' equity as compared to December 31, 2022 and consisted of adjustments to the allowance for credit losses on loans as well as an adjustment to the Company's reserve for unfunded commitments. In some instances, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements.These changes could adversely affect our capital, regulatory capital ratios, ability to make larger loans, earnings and performance metrics. Any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Regulatory initiatives regarding bank capital requirements may require heightened capital. 
 We are subject to capital adequacy guidelines and other regulatory requirements specifying minimum amounts and types of capital that we must maintain. From time to time, regulators implement changes to these regulatory capital adequacy guidelines. If we fail to meet these minimum capital guidelines and/or other regulatory requirements, our financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. The Basel III rules require bank holding companies and their subsidiaries to maintain significantly more capital as a result of higher required capital levels and more demanding regulatory capital risk weightings and calculations. The Bank must also comply with the capital requirements set forth in the prompt corrective action regulations pursuant to Section 38 of the FDIA. Satisfying capital requirements may require us to limit our banking operations, retain net income or reduce dividends to improve regulatory capital levels, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our use of third party vendors and our other ongoing third party business relationships are subject to increasing regulatory requirements and attention. 
 We regularly use third party vendors in our business and we rely on some of these vendors for critical functions including, but not limited to, our core processing function. Third party relationships are subject to increasingly demanding 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 regulatory requirements and attention by bank regulators. We expect our regulators to hold us responsible for deficiencies in our oversight or control of our third party vendor relationships and in the performance of the parties with which we have these relationships. As a result, if our regulators conclude that we have not exercised adequate oversight and control over our third party vendors or that such vendors have not performed adequately, we could be subject to administrative penalties or fines as well as requirements for consumer remediation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 General Risks 
 
 Severe weather, natural disasters, geopolitical conditions, acts of war or terrorism, public health issues, and other external events could significantly impact our business. 
 
 Severe weather, natural disasters, geopolitical conditions, acts of war or terrorism, public health issues, and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business. In addition, such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue, and/or cause us to incur additional expenses. The occurrence of any such event in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our executive offices and the main office of the Bank are located at 11325 Random Hills Road, Fairfax, Virginia, 22030. In addition to our main office, we also maintain nine additional branch offices in Arlington, Virginia; the independent city of Manassas, Virginia; Reston, Fairfax County, Virginia; Springfield, Fairfax County, Virginia; Montgomery County and Baltimore, Maryland; and Washington, D.C. We also maintain an operations center in Manassas. We lease all but one location; our branch located in Baltimore, Maryland. We also lease a loan production office in Towson, Maryland. 
 We are committed to being highly selective in our branching decisions, and we intend to continue to explore opportunities for establishing additional strategically located branches in the Washington and Baltimore MSAs based primarily on commercial deposit and loan potential and demographic support. We typically establish branches as necessary to provide support for established business development professionals with substantial books of business and customer relationships. We believe that upon expiration of each of our leases we will be able to extend the leases on satisfactory terms or relocate to another acceptable location. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of our operations, we become party to various legal proceedings. Currently, we are not party to any material legal proceedings, and no such proceedings are, to management's knowledge, threatened against us. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Price for Common Stock and Dividends. Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "FVCB." As of March 15, 2023, there were 455 holders of record of our common stock and approximately 1,667 total beneficial shareholders. 
 Dividends 
 To date, we have not paid, and we do not currently intend to pay, a cash dividend on our common stock. Holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for dividends. As we are a bank holding company and do not engage directly in business activities of a material nature, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock depends, in large part, upon our receipt of dividends from the Bank. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made by our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including general and economic conditions, industry standards, our financial condition and operating results, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, our ability to service debt obligations senior to our common stock, banking regulations, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, and limitations on the payment of dividends by us to our shareholders or by the Bank to us, and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Regulations of the Federal Reserve and Virginia law place limits on the amount of dividends the Bank may pay to the Company without prior approval. Prior regulatory approval is required to pay dividends which exceed the Bank's net profits for the current year plus its retained net profits for the preceding two calendar years, less required transfers to surplus. Under Virginia law, dividends may only be paid out of retained earnings. State and federal bank regulatory agencies also have authority to prohibit a bank from paying dividends if such payment is deemed to be an unsafe or unsound practice, and the Federal Reserve has the same authority over bank holding companies. Under Virginia law, the Company generally may not pay dividends or distributions to holders of common stock if it would be unable to pay its debts as they become due in the ordinary course of business or if its total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount of the liquidation preference of any class of shares with superior rights than the common stock. 
 The Federal Reserve has established requirements with respect to the maintenance of appropriate levels of capital by registered bank holding companies. Compliance with such standards, as presently in effect, or as they may be amended from time to time, could possibly limit the amount of dividends that the Company may pay in the future. The Federal Reserve has issued guidance on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies. In the statement, the Federal Reserve expressed its view that a holding company experiencing earnings weaknesses should not pay cash dividends exceeding its net income, or which could only be funded in ways that weaken the holding company's financial health, such as by borrowing. Under Federal Reserve guidance, as a general matter, the board of directors of a holding company should inform the Federal Reserve and should eliminate, defer, or significantly reduce the dividends if: (i) the holding company's net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) the holding company's prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with the capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) the holding company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. As a depository institution, the deposits of which are insured by the FDIC, the Bank may not pay dividends or distribute any of its capital assets while it remains in default on any assessment due the FDIC. The Bank currently is not in default under any of its obligations to the FDIC. 
 On December 15, 2022, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved a five-for-four split of the Company's common stock in the form of a 25 stock dividend for shareholders of record on January 9, 2023, payable on January 31, 2023. 
 Repurchases 
 On March 17, 2022, we publicly announced that the Board of Directors had adopted a program to repurchase up to 1,351,075 shares of our common stock, or approximately 8 of our outstanding shares of common stock at December 31, 2021, from April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023. The timing and amount of repurchases, if any, will depend on market conditions, share price, trading volume, and other factors, and there is no assurance that we will purchase shares during any period. Shares may be repurchased in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. For the year ended 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022, 37,454 shares of our common stock were repurchased at a total cost of 730 thousand under the program. All of these shares have been cancelled and returned to the status of authorized but unissued. 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share ) (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (d) Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program October 1 - October 31, 2022 November 1 - November 30, 2022 December 1 - December 31, 2022 37,454 14 37,454 1,313,621 Total 37,454 14 37,454 1,313,621 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following presents management's discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 
 In addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause results to differ materially from management's expectations. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a bank holding company headquartered in Fairfax County, Virginia. Our sole subsidiary, FVCbank, was formed in November 2007 as a community-oriented, locally-owned and managed commercial bank under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. The Bank offers a wide range of traditional bank loan and deposit products and services to both our commercial and retail customers. Our commercial relationship officers focus on attracting small and medium sized businesses, commercial real estate developers and builders, including government contractors, non-profit organizations, and professionals. Our approach to our market features competitive customized financial services offered to customers and prospects in a personal relationship context by seasoned professionals. 
 On October 12, 2018, we completed our acquisition of Colombo. Colombo, which was headquartered in Rockville, Maryland, merged into FVCbank effective October 12, 2018, adding five banking locations in Washington, D.C., and Montgomery County and the City of Baltimore in Maryland. 
 On August 31, 2021, we announced that the Bank made an investment in ACM for 20.4 million to obtain a 28.7 ownership interest in ACM. This ownership interest is subject to an earnback option of up to 3.7 over the next three years, and our investment had decreased to 27.7 as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the Bank provides a warehouse lending facility to ACM, which includes a construction-to-permanent financing line, and has developed portfolio mortgage products to diversify our held to investment loan portfolio. 
 On December 15, 2022, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved a five-for-four split of the Company's common stock in the form of a 25 stock dividend for shareholders of record on January 9, 2023, payable on January 31, 2023. Earnings per share and all other per share information reflected herein have been adjusted for the five-for-four split of the Company's common stock for comparative purposes. 
 Net interest income is our primary source of revenue. We define revenue as net interest income plus non-interest income. We manage our balance sheet and interest rate risk exposure to maximize, and concurrently stabilize, net interest income. We do this by monitoring our liquidity position and the spread between the interest rates earned on interest-earning assets and the interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. We attempt to minimize our exposure to interest rate risk, but are unable to eliminate it entirely. In addition to managing interest rate risk, we also analyze our loan portfolio for exposure to credit risk. Loan defaults and foreclosures are inherent risks in the banking industry, and we attempt to limit 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 our exposure to these risks by carefully underwriting and then monitoring our extensions of credit. In addition to net interest income, non-interest income is a complementary source of revenue for us and includes, among other things, service charges on deposits and loans, income from minority membership interest in ACM, merchant services fee income, insurance commission income, income from bank owned life insurance ("BOLI"), and gains and losses on sales of investment securities available-for-sale. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 General 
 The accounting principles we apply under GAAP are complex and require management to apply significant judgment to various accounting, reporting and disclosure matters. Management must use assumptions, judgments and estimates when applying these principles where precise measurements are not possible or practical. These policies are critical because they are highly dependent upon subjective or complex judgments, assumptions and estimates. Changes in such judgments, assumptions and estimates may have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements. Actual results, in fact, could differ from initial estimates. 
 The accounting policies we view as critical are those relating to judgments, assumptions and estimates regarding the determination of the allowance for loan losses, accounting for purchase credit-impaired loans, and fair value measurements. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 We maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level that represents management's best estimate of known and inherent losses in our loan portfolio. We were not required to implement the provisions of the CECL until January 1, 2023, and are were accounting for the allowance for loan losses under an incurred loss model as of December 31, 2022. Both the amount of the provision expense and the level of the allowance for loan losses are impacted by many factors, including general and industry-specific economic conditions, actual and expected credit losses, historical trends and specific conditions of individual borrowers. Unusual and infrequently occurring events, such as weather-related disasters and health related events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and associated efforts to restrict the spread of the disease, may impact our assessment of possible credit losses. As a part of our analysis, we use comparative peer group data and qualitative factors such as levels of and trends in delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, charged-off loans, changes in volume and terms of loans, effects of changes in lending policy, experience and ability and depth of management, national and local economic trends and conditions and concentrations of credit, competition, and loan review results to support estimates. 
 The allowance for loan losses is based first on a segmentation of the loan portfolio by general loan type, or portfolio segments. For originated loans, certain portfolio segments are further disaggregated and evaluated collectively for impairment based on loan segments, which are largely based on the type of collateral underlying each loan. For purposes of this analysis, we categorize loans into one of five categories: commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, commercial construction, consumer residential, and consumer nonresidential loans. Typically, financial institutions use their historical loss experience and trends in losses for each loan category which are then adjusted for portfolio trends and economic and environmental factors in determining their allowance for loan losses. Since the Bank's inception in 2007, we have experienced minimal loss history within our loan portfolio. Because of this, our allowance model uses the average loss rates of similar institutions (our custom peer group) as a baseline which is then adjusted based on our particular qualitative loan portfolio characteristics and environmental factors. The indicated loss factors resulting from this analysis are applied for each of the five categories of loans. 
 Our peer group is defined by selecting commercial banking institutions of similar size within Virginia, Maryland and the District of Columbia. This is known as our custom peer group. The commercial banking institutions comprising the custom peer group can change based on certain factors including but not limited to the characteristics, size, and geographic footprint of the institution. We have identified 16 banks for our custom peer group which are within 1 billion to 3 billion in total assets, the majority of whom are geographically concentrated in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area in which we operate, as this area has experienced more stable economic conditions than many other areas of the country. These baseline peer group loss rates are then adjusted based on an analysis of our loan portfolio characteristics, trends, economic considerations and other conditions that should be considered in assessing our credit risk. Our peer loss rates are updated on a quarterly basis. 
 The allowance for loan losses consists of specific and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are determined to be impaired and, therefore, individually evaluated for impairment. We individually assign loss 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 factors to all loans that have been identified as having loss attributes, as indicated by deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower or a decline in underlying collateral value if the loan is collateral dependent. We evaluate the impairment of certain loans on a loan by loan basis for those loans that are adversely risk rated. Measurement of impairment is based on the expected future cash flows of an impaired loan, which are discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, or measured on an observable market value, if one exists, or the fair value of the collateral underlying the loan, discounted to consider estimated costs to sell the collateral for collateral-dependent loans. If the net collateral value is less than the loan balance (including accrued interest and any unamortized premium or discount associated with the loan) we recognize an impairment and establish a specific reserve for the impaired loan. 
 Credit losses are an inherent part of our business and, although we believe the methodologies for determining the allowance for loan losses and the current level of the allowance are appropriate, it is possible that there may be unidentified losses in the portfolio at any particular time that may become evident at a future date pursuant to additional internal analysis or regulatory comment. Additional provisions for such losses, if necessary, would be recorded, and would negatively impact earnings. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 We determine the fair values of financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. Our investment securities available-for-sale are recorded at fair value using reliable and unbiased evaluations by an industry-wide valuation service. This service uses evaluated pricing models that vary based on asset class and include available trade, bid, and other market information. Generally, the methodology includes broker quotes, proprietary models, vast descriptive terms and conditions databases, as well as extensive quality control programs. Depending on the availability of observable inputs and prices, different valuation models could produce materially different fair value estimates. The values presented may not represent future fair values and may not be realizable. 
 
 LIBOR and Other Benchmark Rates 
 
 We have certain loans, interest rate swap agreements, investment securities, and debt obligations with interest rates indexed to LIBOR. The administrator of LIBOR announced that the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings would cease to be published or cease to be representative after June 30, 2023. Central banks and regulators around the world have commissioned working groups to find suitable replacements for Interbank Offered Rates ("IBOR") and other benchmark rates and to implement financial benchmark reforms more generally. There continues to be uncertainty regarding the use of alternative reference rates ("ARRs"), which may cause disruptions in a variety of markets, as well as adversely impact our business, operations and financial results. 
 
 The Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework to replace LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no or ineffective fallbacks. Although governmental authorities have endeavored to facilitate an orderly discontinuation of LIBOR, no assurance can be provided that this aim will be achieved or that the use, level, and volatility of LIBOR or other interest rates, or the value of LIBOR-based securities will not be adversely affected. 
 To facilitate an orderly transition from IBORs and other benchmark rates to ARRs, we have established an enterprise-wide initiative led by senior management. The objective of this initiative is to identify, assess and monitor risks associated with the expected discontinuation or unavailability of benchmarks, including LIBOR, achieve operational readiness and engage impacted clients in connection with the transition to ARRs. To mitigate the risks associated with the expected discontinuation of LIBOR, we have ceased originating LIBOR-linked loans, implemented fallback language for LIBOR-linked commercial loans, adhered to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association 2020 Fallbacks Protocol for interest rate swap agreements, and have updated our systems to accommodate loans linked to SOFR. In accordance with regulatory guidance, we ceased entering into new LIBOR transactions at the end of 2021 and have selected SOFR, as the rate that best represents an alternative to LIBOR. Uncertainty as to the adoption, market acceptance or availability of SOFR or other alternative reference rates may adversely affect the value of LIBOR-based loans and securities in our portfolio and may impact the availability and cost of hedging instruments and borrowings. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Overview 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we expanded our market area through continued organic growth, capitalizing on new customer relationships we obtained through centers of influence and portfolio cultivation. 
 Total assets increased to 2.34 billion compared to 2.20 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 141.4 million, or 6 . The increase in total assets is primarily attributable to our record loan growth during 2022. 
 Total loans, net of deferred fees, increased 336.6 million, or 22 , from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Excluding PPP loans, which decreased 26.2 million as a result of loan forgiveness, net loan growth was 362.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Asset quality remains sound with nonperforming loans and loans past due 90 days or more as a percentage of total assets being 0.19 at December 31, 2022, compared to 0.16 at December 31, 2021. 
 Total deposits decreased 53.6 million, or 3 , from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Brokered time deposits increased 213.0 million, which offset the year-over-year declines in all other categories of deposits. 
 Net income was 25.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 21.9 million for 2021. Our 2022 and 2021 results were impacted by merger-related expenses totaling 125 thousand and 1.4 million, respectively, which were associated with our previously announced proposed merger with Blue Ridge Bankshares, Inc. ("Blue Ridge"), which was mutually terminated by us and Blue Ridge on January 20, 2022. Our 2021 results were also impacted by one-time accelerated debt issuance costs of 380 thousand associated with the redemption of our 2016 subordinated debt issuance during the third quarter of 2021 and a gain on the sale of OREO of 236 thousand during the fourth quarter of 2021. Excluding the merger-related expenses, accelerated debt issuance costs and gain on OREO, we would have recorded net income of 25.1 million and 23.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For a reconciliation of this non-GAAP information which excludes the effect of merger-related expenses, accelerated debt issuance costs, and the gain on sale of OREO, please refer to the table below. 
 Net interest income increased 7.3 million, or 13 , to 65.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. While loan growth resulted in interest income increasing 12.3 million, despite the 4.8 million reduction in PPP interest and fees, it was partially offset by the 5.0 million increase in interest expense. Excluding PPP interest and fees, net interest income increased 17.1 million or 27 for the current year compared to the prior year. The net interest margin for 2022 was 3.19 compared to 3.09 for 2021. 
 The provision for loan losses for 2022 totaled 2.6 million compared to a reversal of provision totaling 500 thousand in 2021. The provision for loan losses for 2022 was a reflection of the growth in the loan portfolio. The credit to the provision for loan losses for the prior year was a reflection of improved credit quality in the loan portfolio during 2021 as economic activity improved due to the resumption of business activity previously stalled by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Noninterest income for 2022 decreased to 2.8 million compared to 4.3 million for 2021. This decrease was primarily driven by the loss recorded for our portion of membership interest in ACM of 659 thousand compared to income of 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Noninterest expense was 34.5 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. When excluding the aforementioned merger-related expenses, noninterest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 34.3 million and 33.1 million, respectively, an increase of 1.2 million, or 4 . 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Net Income (GAAP) to Operating Earnings (Non-GAAP) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 Net income (as reported) 24,984 21,933 Add: merger and acquisition expense 125 1,445 Add: Accelerated debt issuance costs 380 Subtract: Gains on sales of other real estate owned (236) Subtract: provision for income taxes associated with impairment and merger and acquisition expense (28) (358) Non-GAAP Operating Earnings, excluding above items 25,081 23,164 Earnings per share - basic (GAAP net income) 1.43 1.29 Earnings per share - Non-GAAP expenses including provision for income taxes 0.01 0.07 Earnings per share - basic (non-GAAP operating earnings) 1.44 1.36 Earnings per share - diluted (GAAP net income) 1.35 1.20 Earnings per share - Non-GAAP expenses including provision for income taxes 0.01 0.07 Earnings per share - diluted (non-GAAP operating earnings) 1.36 1.27 Return on average assets (GAAP net income) 1.18 1.11 Non-GAAP expenses including provision for income taxes 0.06 Return on average assets (non GAAP operating earnings) 1.18 1.17 Return on average equity (GAAP net income) 12.34 10.92 Non-GAAP expenses including provision for income taxes 0.05 0.61 Return on average equity (non GAAP operating earnings) 12.39 11.53 

43 

Table of Contents 

 Below shows selected financial data for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 (Dollars and shares in thousands, except per share data) 
 Years Ended December 31, Income Statement Data: 2022 2021 Interest income 80,682 68,428 Interest expense 15,438 10,481 Net interest income 65,244 57,947 Provision for (reversal of) loan losses 2,629 (500) Net interest income after provision for (reversal of) loan losses 62,615 58,447 Non interest income 2,834 4,302 Non interest expense 34,460 34,540 Net income before income taxes 30,989 28,209 Provision for income taxes 6,005 6,276 Net income 24,984 21,933 Balance Sheet Data: Total assets 2,344,322 2,202,924 Loans receivable, net of fees 1,840,434 1,503,849 Allowance for loan losses (16,040) (13,829) Total investment securities 278,333 358,038 Total deposits 1,830,162 1,883,769 Other borrowed funds 284,565 44,510 Total shareholders' equity 202,382 209,796 Common shares outstanding 17,476 13,727 Per Common Share Data (1) : 
 Basic net income 1.43 1.29 Fully diluted net income 1.35 1.20 Book value 11.58 12.23 Tangible book value (2) 
 11.14 11.76 Performance Ratios: Return on average assets 1.18 1.11 Return on average equity 12.34 10.92 Net interest margin (3) 
 3.19 3.09 Efficiency ratio (4) 
 50.62 55.49 Non interest income to average assets 0.13 0.22 Non interest expense to average assets 1.62 1.75 Loans receivable, net of fees to total deposits 100.56 79.83 Asset Quality Ratios: Net charge offs (recoveries) to average loans receivable, net of fees 0.03 0.04 Nonperforming loans to loans receivable, net of fees 0.24 0.23 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.19 0.16 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 357.00 394.21 Allowance for loan losses to loans receivable, net of fees 0.87 0.92 Capital Ratios (Bank Only): Tier 1 risk based capital 13.28 13.54 Total risk based capital 12.45 12.72 Common Equity Tier 1 capital 12.45 12.72 Leverage capital ratio 10.75 10.55 Other: Average shareholders' equity to average total assets 9.53 10.15 Average loans receivable, net of fees to average total deposits 86.77 86.80 Average common shares outstanding (1) : 
 Basic 17,431 17,062 Diluted 18,484 18,227 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 _________________________ 
 (1) Amounts for all periods reflect the effect of a 5-for-4 stock split declared on December 15, 2022. 
 (2) Tangible book value is calculated as total stockholders' equity, less goodwill and other intangible assets, divided by common shares outstanding. 
 (3) Net interest margin is calculated as net interest income divided by total average earning assets. 
 (4) Efficiency ratio is calculated as total non-interest expense divided by the total of net interest income and non-interest income. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Non GAAP Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Total stockholders' equity 202,382 209,796 Less: goodwill and intangibles, net (7,790) (8,052) Tangible Common Equity 194,592 201,744 Book value per common share 11.58 12.23 Less: intangible book value per common share (0.44) (0.47) Tangible book value per common share 11.14 11.76 
 Results of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Overview 
 We recorded record net income of 25.0 million, or 1.35 per diluted common share, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net income of 21.9 million, or 1.20 per diluted common share for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our 2022 results were impacted by merger-related expenses totaling 125 thousand. Our 2021 results were impacted by merger-related expenses totaling 1.4 million. We also recorded one-time accelerated debt issuance costs of 380 thousand associated with our redemption of our 2016 subordinated debt issuance during the third quarter of 2021 and a gain on the sale of OREO of 236 thousand. Excluding the merger-related expenses, accelerated debt issuance costs and gain on OREO and their related tax effects, we would have recorded net income of 25.1 million, or 1.36 per diluted common share, for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 23.2 million, or 1.27 per diluted common share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. See above table for a reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings (non-GAAP). 
 Net interest income increased 7.3 million to 65.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 57.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a provision for loan losses of 2.6 million due to continued loan growth compared to a reversal of 500 thousand during 2021 which was primarily driven by the improvement of economic conditions subsequent to the COVID-19 pandemic. Noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.8 million, compared to 4.3 million for 2021, a decrease of 1.5 million, which was primarily driven by the loss recorded from our membership interest in ACM of 659 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to income from our membership interest in ACM of 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Noninterest expense was 34.5 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, noninterest expense included merger-related expenses totaling 125 thousand and 1.4 million, respectively, associated with the Company's proposed merger with Blue Ridge. When excluding merger-related expenses, noninterest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 34.3 million and 33.1 million, respectively, an increase of 1.2 million, or 4 , which was primarily a result of increases in salaries and benefits expenses, offset by a year-over-year decrease in professional fees of 279 thousand, which were attributable to the Company's membership interest purchase in ACM during 2021. 
 The return on average assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1.18 and 1.11 , respectively. The return on average equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 12.34 and 10.92 , respectively. The return on average assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 based on operating earnings (a non-GAAP metric) was 1.18 and 1.17 , respectively. The return on average equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 based on operating earnings (a non-GAAP metric) was 12.39 and 11.53 , respectively. See the above table for a reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings (non-GAAP). 
 Net Interest Income/Margin 
 The following table presents average balance sheet information, interest income, interest expense and the corresponding average yields earned and rates paid for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Average Balance Sheets and Interest Rates on Interest-Earning Assets and Interest-Bearing Liabilities 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Assets Interest earning assets: Loans(1): Commercial real estate 978,983 42,646 4.36 832,138 35,104 4.22 Commercial and industrial 199,957 10,317 5.16 135,017 6,127 4.54 Paycheck protection program 9,112 592 6.50 105,980 5,410 5.11 Commercial construction 165,088 8,762 5.31 209,957 9,790 4.66 Consumer residential 255,794 10,602 4.14 169,168 6,685 3.95 Consumer nonresidential 9,143 705 7.71 11,569 858 7.41 Total loans(1) 1,618,077 73,624 4.55 1,463,829 63,974 4.37 Investment securities(2) 344,725 5,974 1.73 204,952 3,878 1.89 Restricted stock 7,339 408 5.56 6,269 328 5.24 Deposits at other financial institutions 74,477 685 0.92 197,987 260 0.13 Total interest earning assets and interest income 2,044,618 80,691 3.95 1,873,037 68,440 3.65 Noninterest earning assets: Cash and due from banks 873 18,556 Premises and equipment, net 1,410 1,578 Accrued interest and other assets 92,761 99,562 Allowance for loan losses (14,596) (14,513) Total assets 2,125,066 1,978,220 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Interest bearing liabilities: Interest bearing deposits: Interest checking 724,881 5,966 0.82 587,151 3,224 0.55 Savings and money markets 315,653 2,662 0.84 303,317 1,421 0.47 Time deposits 203,719 2,908 1.43 230,668 2,783 1.21 Wholesale deposits 61,478 932 1.52 37,657 173 0.46 Total interest bearing deposits 1,305,731 12,468 0.95 1,158,793 7,601 0.66 Other borrowed funds 89,834 2,970 3.31 62,878 2,880 4.58 Total interest bearing liabilities and interest expense 1,395,565 15,438 1.11 1,221,671 10,481 0.86 Noninterest bearing liabilities: Demand deposits 501,962 527,675 Other liabilities 25,059 27,988 Common stockholders' equity 202,480 200,886 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 2,125,066 1,978,220 Net interest income and net interest margin 65,253 3.19 57,959 3.09 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Non-accrual loans are included in average balances and do not have a material effect on the average yield. Interest income on non-accruing loans was not material for the years presented. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 (2) The average yields for investment securities are reported on a fully taxable-equivalent basis at a rate of 21 for 2022 and 2021. 
 The level of net interest income is affected primarily by variations in the volume and mix of these assets and liabilities, as well as changes in interest rates. The following table shows the effect that these factors had on the interest earned from our interest-earning assets and interest incurred on our interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Rate and Volume Analysis 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 Compared to 2021 Average 
 Volume (3) 
 Average Rate Increase (Decrease) Interest income: Loans(1): Commercial real estate 6,195 1,347 7,542 Commercial and industrial 2,947 1,243 4,190 Paycheck protection program (4,944) 126 (4,818) Commercial construction (2,092) 1,064 (1,028) Consumer residential 3,423 494 3,917 Consumer nonresidential (180) 27 (153) Total loans(1) 5,349 4,301 9,650 Investment securities(2) 2,645 (549) 2,096 Restricted stock 56 24 80 Deposits at other financial institutions (162) 587 425 Total interest income 7,888 4,363 12,251 Interest expense: Interest - bearing deposits: Interest checking 756 1,986 2,742 Savings and money markets 58 1,183 1,241 Time deposits (325) 450 125 Wholesale deposits 109 650 759 Total interest - bearing deposits 598 4,269 4,867 Other borrowed funds 1,235 (1,145) 90 Total interest expense 1,833 3,124 4,957 Net interest income 6,055 1,239 7,294 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Non-accrual loans are included in average balances and do not have a material effect on the average yield. Interest income on non-accruing loans was not material for the years presented. 
 (2) The average yields for investment securities are reported on a fully taxable-equivalent basis at a rate of 21 for 2022 and 2021. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Net interest income, on a tax equivalent basis, is a financial measure that we believe provides a more accurate picture of the interest margin for comparative purposes. To derive our net interest margin on a tax equivalent basis, net interest income is adjusted to reflect tax-exempt income on an equivalent before tax basis with a corresponding increase in income tax expense. For purposes of this calculation, we use our federal and state statutory tax rates for the periods presented. This measure ensures comparability of net interest income arising from taxable and tax-exempt sources. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of our GAAP net interest income to our tax equivalent net interest income. 
 Supplemental Financial Data and Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 GAAP Financial Measurements: Interest income: Loans 73,624 63,974 Deposits at other financial institutions 685 260 Investment securities available for sale 5,959 3,860 Investment securities held to maturity 6 6 Restricted stock 408 328 Total interest income 80,682 68,428 Interest expense: Interest bearing deposits 12,468 7,601 Other borrowed funds 2,970 2,880 Total interest expense 15,438 10,481 Net interest income 65,244 57,947 Non GAAP Financial Measurements: Add: Tax benefit on tax exempt interest income - securities 9 12 Total tax benefit on interest income 9 12 Tax equivalent net interest income 65,253 57,959 Net interest margin on a tax-equivalent basis 3.19 3.09 
 Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 65.3 million on a fully taxable-equivalent basis, compared to 58.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 7.3 million, or 13 . The increase in net interest income was primarily a result of an increase in interest earned on earning assets that exceeded the increase in costs of interest-bearing liabilities. We have been disciplined in our approach to rising interest rates as the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has enacted a contractionary monetary policy, increasing its targeted fed funds rate 425 basis points during 2022 to combat inflation. 
 Our net interest margin, on a tax equivalent basis, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 3.19 and 3.09 , respectively. The increase in our net interest margin was primarily a result of the increased rate environment during 2022, as our variable rate loan portfolio repriced and we funded loans at higher interest rates, which increased yields on interest-earning assets. The yield on interest-earning assets increased 30 basis points to 3.95 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.65 for the same period of 2021, a result of the increased rate environment during 2022. Offsetting the increase in yields on earning assets was a 25 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, which reflects the increases in funding costs during 2022. 
 Average interest-earning assets increased by 9 to 2.04 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.87 billion at December 31, 2021, which resulted in an increase in total interest income on a tax equivalent basis of 12.3 million, to 80.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 68.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Both average volume and rate significantly impacted interest income during 2022, with volume contributing an additional 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 7.9 million in interest income and rate contributing an additional 4.4 million in interest income when compared to the prior year. 
 Average loans receivable increased 154.2 million to 1.62 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.46 billion for the year ende d December 31, 2021. The yield on average loans increased 18 basis points to 4.55 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in average volume of loans receivable contributed 5.3 million to interest income while the increase in average rate of loans receivable contributed 4.3 million to interest income. Av erage balances of nonperforming loans, which consist of nonaccrual loans, are included in the net interest margin calculation and did not have a material impact on our net interest margin in 2022 and 2021. 
 Average investment securities increased 139.8 million to 344.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 205.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The significant increase in average investment securities was primarily a result of the increase in liquidity at the Bank as a result of PPP loan forgiveness and payoffs, along with increases in deposit activity that was in excess of loan originations during 2021. This liquidity was invested in fixed income securities which increased interest income by 2.1 million on a tax equivalent basis for the year ended December 31, 2022. The yield on average investment securities decreased 16 basis points to 1.73 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of purchasing securities at lower interest rates relative to the average yield of the securities portfolio. 
 Average interest-earning deposits at other financial institutions, consisting primarily of excess cash reserves maintained at the Federal Reserve, decreased 123.5 million to 74.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 198.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The significant decrease in average interest-earning deposits at other financial institutions was primarily a result of our deployment of excess liquidity during 2022 to fund loan growth. The yield on average interest-earning deposits increased 79 basis points to 0.92 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Total average interest-bearing deposits increased 146.9 million to 1.31 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.16 billion at December 31, 2021. Average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased 25.7 million, or 5 , to 502.0 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 527.7 million at December 31, 2021. The largest increase in average interest-bearing deposit balances was in our interest checking accounts, which increased 137.7 million compared to 2021. Average time deposits decreased 26.9 million to 203.7 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 230.7 million at December 31, 2021, as customers continue to prefer short-term deposit options for liquidity purposes. Average wholesale deposits increased 23.8 million to 61.5 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 37.7 million as of December 31, 2021, to assist in funding our record loan growth during 2022. 
 The cost of other borrowed funds, which include federal funds purchased, FHLB advances, and our subordinated notes, decreased 127 basis points to 3.31 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 4.58 for the same period in 2021, a result of a reduction in subordinated debt outstanding during 2022 and the recognition of accelerated debt issuance costs of 380 thousand recorded during 2021. 
 Provision Expense and Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Our policy is to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level that represents our best estimate of inherent losses in the loan portfolio. Both the amount of the provision and the level of the allowance for loan losses are impacted by many factors, including general and industry-specific economic conditions, actual credit losses, historical trends and specific conditions of individual borrowers. We were not required to implement the provisions of CECL until January 1, 2023, and were accounting for the allowance for losses under the incurred loss model. 
 
 The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 as of January 1, 2023 in accordance with the required implementation date and recorded the impact of adoption to retained earnings, net of deferred income taxes, as required by the standard. The adjustment recorded at adoption was not significant to the overall allowance for credit losses or shareholders' equity as compared to December 31, 2022 and consisted of adjustments to the allowance for credit losses on loans as well as an adjustment to the Company's reserve for unfunded commitments. 
 We recorded a provision for loan losses of 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a release of provision of 500 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 was 16.0 million compared to 13.8 million at December 31, 2021. Our allowance for loan loss ratio as a percent of total loans, net of deferred fees and costs, for December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0.87 and 0.92 , respectively. The increase in 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 the allowance for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily related to supporting the growth recorded in the our loan portfolio during the year. 
 The Company continues to maintain its disciplined credit guidelines adding support during the current rising rate environment. The Company proactively monitors the impact of rising interest rates on its adjustable loans as the industry navigates through this economic cycle of increased inflation and higher interest rates. Credit quality metrics remained strong for 2022 with specific reserves on the loan portfolio totaling 86 thousand. Net charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 418 thousand compared to 629 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021, consistent with our track record of low historical charge-offs. The allowance coverage to nonperforming loans decreased to 357 at December 31, 2022, compared to 394 for the year ended December 31, 2021. See "Asset Quality" section below for additional information on the credit quality of the loan portfolio. 
 Noninterest Income 
 The following table provides detail for non-interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Non-Interest Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Change from Prior Year 2022 2021 Amount Percent Service charges on deposit accounts 954 1,028 (74) (7.2) Fees on loans 232 110 122 110.9 BOLI income 1,200 994 206 20.7 (Loss) income from minority membership interest (33) 1,464 (1,497) (102.3) Other fee income 481 706 (225) (31.9) Total non interest income 2,834 4,302 (1,468) (34.1) 
 Noninterest income includes service charges on deposits and loans, loan swap fee income, income from our membership interest in ACM and other investments, income from our BOLI policies, and other fee income, and continues to supplement our operating results. 
 Noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 2.8 million and 4.3 million, respectively, a decrease of 1.5 million, which was primarily driven by the loss recorded from our membership interest in ACM of 659 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to income from ACM of 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the last several months of 2022, ACM made strategic investments through hiring top tier mortgage originators and additional support infrastructure, including new branches, to position itself for the current and future mortgage environment. This investment, which has significantly increased ACM's overhead expenses ahead of future earnings, coupled with historically low origination volumes and tighter margins, have caused short-term losses that were not previously forecasted or budgeted. However, ACM has significant cash reserves to draw from and it is expected that these strategic investments will buoy ACM as a top mortgage originator in our region within the next several years. We continue to benefit from synergies created by our ACM investment, including warehouse line activity, loan purchases and customer referrals. 
 Fee income from service charges on deposits and other fee income was 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared 1.7 million for the same period of 2021 . The decrease in other fee income is a result of decreases in both insurance commission income of 88 thousand and rental income on OREO of 120 thousand, during 2022 when compared to 2021. There were no loan swap fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Income from BOLI increased 21 to 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 994 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021 as we purchased 15 million in BOLI during the se cond quarter of 2022. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Noninterest Expense 
 The following table reflects the components of non-interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Non-Interest Expense 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Change from Prior Year 2022 2021 Amount Percent Salaries and employee benefits 20,316 18,980 1,336 7.0 Occupancy and equipment expense 3,252 3,290 (38) (1.2) Data processing and network administration 2,303 2,203 100 4.5 State franchise taxes 2,036 1,983 53 2.7 Audit, legal and consulting fees 1,210 1,489 (279) (18.7) Merger and acquisition expense 125 1,445 (1,320) (91.3) Loan related expenses 555 1,247 (692) (55.5) FDIC insurance 620 770 (150) (19.5) Marketing, business development and advertising 483 220 263 119.5 Director fees 668 651 17 2.6 Postage, courier and telephone 181 190 (9) (4.7) Internet banking 645 542 103 19.0 Dues, memberships publications 194 174 20 11.5 Bank insurance 453 411 42 10.2 Printing and supplies 147 104 43 41.3 Bank charges 90 118 (28) (23.7) State assessments 161 167 (6) (3.6) Core deposit intangible amortization 262 305 (43) (14.1) Gain on sale of other real estate owned (236) 236 (100.0) Tax credit amortization 126 126 100.0 Other operating expenses 633 487 146 30.0 Total non interest expense 34,460 34,540 (80) (0.2) 
 Noninterest expense includes, among other things, salaries and benefits, occupancy and equipment costs, professional fees, data processing, insurance and miscellaneous expenses. Noninterest expense was 34.5 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Salaries and benefits expense increased 1.3 million to 20.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 19.0 million for the same period in 2021, which was primarily related to business development staff expansion in addition to market rate adjustments to employee compensation during 2022. Merger-related expenses associated with our proposed merger with Blue Ridge totaled 125 thousand and 1.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Audit, legal and consulting fees decreased 279 thousand to 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period of 2021, primarily as a result of expenses incurred in 2021 for our membership interest purchase of ACM in 2021. Loan related expenses decreased 692 thousand to 555 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, as loan workout expense decreased during 2022. 
 During 2021, we sold our OREO property which resulted in a gain of 236 thousand. No such gain or loss was recorded during 2022. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 We recorded a provision for income tax expense of 6.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 276 thousand compared to 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our effective tax rate for December 31, 2022 was 19.4 , compared to 22.2 for 2021. Our effective tax rates for 2022 and 2021 are less than our combined federal and state statutory rate of 22.5 because of discrete tax benefits recorded as a result of nonqualified option exercises during the aforementioned periods. 
 
 Dis cussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
 Overview 
 At December 31, 2022, total assets were 2.34 billion, an increase of 6 , or 141.4 million, from 2.20 billion at December 31, 2021. Total loans receivable, net of deferred fees and costs, increased 22 , or 336.6 million, to 1.84 billion at December 31, 2022, from 1.50 billion at December 31, 2021. Total investment securities decreased by 79.7 million, or 22 , to 278.3 million at December 31, 2022, from 358.0 million at December 31, 2021. Total deposits decreased 3 , or 53.6 million, to 1.83 billion at December 31, 2022, from 1.88 billion at December 31, 2021. From time to time, we may utilize other borrowed funds such as federal funds purchased and FHLB advances as an additional funding source for the Bank. For December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 30.0 million and 0 federal funds purchased, respectively. The Bank had FHLB advances outstanding of 235.0 million and 25.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Subordinated debt, net of unamortized issuance costs, totaled 19.6 million and 19.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We review our balance sheet and interest rate sensitivity on an ongoing basis as part of our asset/liability risk management process. During February 2023, with the expectation that short-term interest rates would continue to increase during 2023, we modeled various scenarios to improve balance sheet efficiency, reduce our cost of funds, improve margin and our capital ratios. As a result, we executed a de-lever strategy through the sale of a portion of U.S. government agency low-yielding mortgage-backed investment securities available-for-sale at a one-time loss. The proceeds of this strategy were used to paydown high cost short-term FHLB advances and assist in the funding of higher yielding newly originated commercial loans. During late February, we sold 40.3 million in investment securities available-for-sale, or 12 of the portfolio, for an after-tax loss of 3.6 million, which will be recorded in our March 31, 2023 quarterly results. This transaction was neutral to shareholders equity and tangible book value, as the loss recorded was already reflected in our accumulated other comprehensive loss. Tangible common equity to total assets is expected to improve approximately 7 basis points as a result of the reduction in total assets. From an earnings perspective, the balance sheet re-positioning is expected to be accretive to net interest income, net interest margin and return on average assets in future periods. Our model results indicate that net interest margin is expected to improve 9 basis points as a result of this de-leverage strategy. 
 Additionally, during the first quarter, we fixed 150 million of our wholesale funding through the execution of pay-fixed/receive-floating interest rate swaps. The interest rate swaps have a weighted average rate of 3.50 , have a maturity of five years, and are designated against a mix of FHLB advances and brokered certificates of deposits. Classified as cash flow hedges, the market value fluctuations will not impact future earnings, but will impact accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 Loans Receivable, Net 
 Total loans receivable, net of deferred fees and costs, were 1.84 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 336.6 million, or 22 , compared to 1.50 billion at December 31, 2021. Excluding PPP loans, which decreased 26.2 million as a result of loan forgiveness, net loan growth was 362.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Loans outstanding under our warehouse facility with ACM totaled 42.7 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 29.3 million, or 41 , from 72 million at December 31, 2021, which is consistent with the slowdown of residential mortgage loan demand in our market. 
 PPP loans, net of deferred fees and costs, totaled 2.0 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease from 28.1 million at December 31, 2021. Net deferred fees associated with PPP loans totaled 37 thousand at December 31, 2022. 
 Commercial real estate loans totaled 1.10 billion at December 31, 2021, or 60 of total loan receivable, compared to 906.1 million at December 31, 2021, an increase of 194.1 million, or 21 . Owner-occupied commercial real estate loans were 206.8 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 191.8 million at December 31, 2021. Nonowner-occupied 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 commercial real estate loans were 893.2 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 714.3 million at December 31, 2021. Commercial construction loans totaled 147.9 million at December 31, 2022, or 8 of total loans receivable. Of the 147.9 million in construction loans, 43.8 million are collateralized by land, and lot acquisition and development loans (which have a higher degree of credit risk than the remaining portion of the construction portfolio) totaled 6.4 million at December 31, 2022. Our commercial real estate portfolio, including construction loans, is diversified by asset type and geographic concentration. We plan to manage this portion of our portfolio in a disciplined manner. We have comprehensive policies to monitor, measure, and mitigate our loan concentrations within this portfolio segment, including rigorous credit approval, monitoring and administrative practices. 
 Commercial and industrial loans, excluding PPP loans, increased 69.2 million to 243.2 million at December 31, 2022, from 174.1 million at December 31, 2021. Consumer residential loans increased 139.0 million to 339.6 million at December 31, 2022, from 200.6 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in residential loans was primarily a result of purchasing ACM originated mortgages, which were portfolio product offered by the Bank and which met our underwriting criteria. 
 The following table sets forth the repricing characteristics and sensitivity to interest rate changes of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 Loan Maturities and Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 At December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 One Year or Less Between One and Five Years Between Five and Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total Commercial real estate 55,428 522,217 519,116 3,500 1,100,261 Commercial and industrial 41,670 120,783 26,815 53,964 243,232 Paycheck protection program 1,988 1,988 Commercial construction 68,003 64,615 15,321 147,939 Consumer residential 25,920 56,536 71,659 185,476 339,591 Consumer nonresidential 3,581 2,162 858 1,084 7,685 Total loans receivable 194,602 768,301 633,769 244,024 1,840,696 Fixed rate loans 99,530 517,069 379,594 150,321 1,146,514 Floating rate loans 95,072 251,232 254,175 93,703 694,182 Total loans receivable 194,602 768,301 633,769 244,024 1,840,696 
 ________________________ 
 Payments due by period are based on the repricing characteristics and not contractual maturities. 
 Asset Quality 
 Nonperforming assets, defined as nonaccrual loans, loans contractually past due 90 days or more as to principal or interest and still accruing, and OREO at December 31, 2022 were 4.5 million compared to 3.5 million at December 31, 2021. Our ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets was 0.19 at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.16 at December 31, 2021. TDRs, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaled 830 thousand and 92 thousand, respectively. 
 Nonperforming loans, which are primarily commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans, increased 1.0 million during 2022 as compared to 2021. Loans that we have classified as nonperforming are a result of customer specific deterioration, mostly financial in nature, and not a result of economic, industry, or environmental causes that we might see as a pattern for possible future losses within our loan portfolio. For each of our criticized assets, we conduct an impairment analysis to determine the level of additional or specific reserves required for any portion of the loan that may result in a loss. As a result of the analysis completed, we had specific reserves totaling 86 thousand and 186 thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Because these loans are individually evaluated for impairment, no general reserve was assessed for valuation purposes. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 We categorize loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as current financial information, historical payment experience, collateral adequacy, credit documentation, and current economic trends, among other factors. We analyze loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis includes, larger non-homogeneous loans such as commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans. This analysis is performed on an ongoing basis as new information is obtained. At December 31, 2022, we had 10.4 million in loans identified as special mention within the originated loan portfolio, an increase from 3.0 million as of December 31, 2021. Special mention rated loans are loans that have a potential weakness that deserves management's close attention; however, the borrower continues to pay in accordance with their contract. These loans do not have a specific reserve and are considered well-secured. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 4.1 million in loans identified as substandard within the originated loan portfolio, a decrease from 19.0 million as of December 31, 2021 due to a combination of loan payoffs and risk rating improvements during the current year. Substandard rated loans are loans that are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. For each of these substandard loans, a liquidation analysis is completed. At December 31, 2022, specific reserves on originated and acquired loans totaling 86 thousand, have been allocated within the allowance for loan losses to supplement any shortfall of collateral. 
 We recorded annualized net charge-offs of 0.03 and 0.04 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following tables provide additional information on our asset quality for the periods presented. 
 Nonperforming Assets 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Nonperforming assets: Nonaccrual loans 3,150 3,485 Loans contractually past due 90 days or more 1,343 23 Total nonperforming loans (NPLs) 4,493 3,508 Other real estate owned (OREO) Total nonperforming assets (NPAs) 4,493 3,508 Performing troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) 830 92 NPLs/Total Assets 0.19 0.16 NPAs/Total Assets 0.19 0.16 NPAs and TDRs/Total Assets 0.23 0.16 Allowance for loan losses/NPLs 357.00 394.21 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no performing loans considered a potential problem loan. Potential problem loans are defined as loans that are not included in the 90 day past due, nonaccrual or adversely classified or restructured categories, but for which known information about possible credit problems causes management to be uncertain as to the ability of the borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms which may in the future result in disclosure in the past due, nonaccrual or restructured loan categories. We take a conservative approach with respect to risk rating loans in our portfolio. Based upon the status as a potential problem loan, these loans receive heightened scrutiny and ongoing intensive risk management. Additionally, our loan loss allowance methodology incorporates increased reserve factors for certain loans that are adversely rated but not impaired as compared to the general portfolio. 
 We have evaluated our exposure to credit risks directly related to the COVID-19 pandemic. During 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented loan payment deferral programs to allow customers who were required to close or reduce business operations to defer loan principal and interest payments primarily for 90 days. During the first and second quarters of 2020, we modified 277 loans for a total outstanding principal balance of 360.2 million, or 24 of the total loan portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, there were no remaining loans on payment deferral related to the pandemic. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had no OREO. 
 While our loan growth has continued to be strong, unexpected changes in economic growth could adversely affect our loan portfolio, including causing increases in delinquencies and default rates, which would adversely impact our charge-offs and provision for loan losses. Deterioration in real estate values, employment data and household incomes may also result in higher loan losses for us. Also, in the ordinary course of business, we may also be subject to a concentration of credit risk to a particular industry, counterparty, borrower or issuer. At December 31, 2022, our commercial real estate portfolio, net of fees (including construction lending) was 68 of our total loan portfolio. A deterioration in the financial condition or prospects of a particular industry or a failure or downgrade of, or default by, any particular entity or group of entities could negatively impact our business, perhaps materially, and the systems by which we set limits and monitor the level of our credit exposure to individual entities and industries, may not function as we have anticipated. 
 See "Critical Accounting Policies" above for more information on our allowance for loan losses methodology. 
 The following tables present additional information pertaining to the activity in and allocation of the allowance for loan losses by loan type and the percentage of the loan type to the total loan portfolio. The allocation of the allowance for loan losses to a category of loans is not necessarily indicative of future losses or charge-offs, and does not restrict the use of the allowance to any specific category of loans. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Net (charge-offs) recoveries Percentage of net charge-offs (annualized) to average loans outstanding during the year Net (charge-offs) recoveries Percentage of net charge-offs (annualized) to average loans outstanding during the year Commercial real estate (453) (0.03) Commercial and industrial (396) (0.02) (117) (0.01) Consumer residential 1 35 Consumer nonresidential (23) (94) (0.01) Total (418) (0.03) (629) (0.04) Average loans outstanding during the period 1,618,077 1,463,829 Allowance for loan losses to loans receivable, net of fees 0.87 0.92 Allowance for loan losses to loans receivable, net of fees, excluding PPP 0.87 0.94 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Allocation of Total 
 Allocation of Total 
 Commercial real estate 10,777 59.77 8,995 60.11 Commercial and industrial 2,623 13.21 1,827 11.55 Paycheck protection program 0.11 1.90 Commercial construction 1,499 8.04 2,009 12.45 Consumer residential 1,044 18.45 781 13.31 Consumer nonresidential 97 0.42 217 0.68 Total allowance for loan losses 16,040 100.00 13,829 100.00 
 
 ___________________ 
 Percentage of loan type to the total loan portfolio. 
 Investment Securities 
 Our investment securities portfolio is used as a source of income and liquidity. The investment portfolio consists of investment securities available-for-sale and investment securities held-to-maturity. Investment securities available-for-sale are those securities that we intend to hold for an indefinite period of time, but not necessarily until maturity. These securities are carried at fair value and may be sold as part of an asset/liability strategy, liquidity management or regulatory capital management. Investment securities held-to-maturity were 264 thousand at each of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and are those securities that we have the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are carried at amortized cost. Our investment securities portfolio was 278.3 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 358.0 million at December 31, 2021. Investment securities decreased 79.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of principal paydowns of 37.1 million and a 49.0 million decrease in the market value of the available-for-sale portfolio during 2022. The decrease in market value is due to the current increasing rate environment and not a result of any credit deterioration of the portfolio. These purchases were primarily funded through our increase in deposits and PPP loan forgiveness to deploy excess liquidity and optimize net interest margin. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the majority of the investment securities portfolio consisted of securities rated AAA by a leading rating agency. Investment securities that carry a AAA rating are judged to be of the best quality and carry the smallest degree of investment risk. All of our mortgage-backed securities are guaranteed by either the Federal National Mortgage Association, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, or the Government National Mortgage Association. Investment securities that were pledged to secure public deposits totaled 108.7 million and 85.6 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 We complete reviews for other-than-temporary impairment at least quarterly. Investment securities with unrealized losses are a result of pricing changes due to recent rising rate conditions in the current market environment and not as a result of permanent credit impairment. Contractual cash flows for the agency mortgage-backed securities are guaranteed and/or funded by the U.S. government. Municipal securities have third party protective elements and there are no negative indications that the contractual cash flows will not be received when due. We do not intend to sell nor do we believe we will be required to sell any of our temporarily impaired securities prior to the recovery of the amortized cost. 
 No other-than-temporary impairment has been recognized for the securities in our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 We hold restricted investments in equities of the FRB and FHLB. At December 31, 2022, we owned 11.1 million in FHLB stock and 4.4 million in FRB stock. At December 31, 2021, we owned 1.8 million in FHLB stock and 4.4 million in FRB stock. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the weighted average yields of our investment portfolio for each of the maturity ranges at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Investment Securities by Stated Maturity 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 Within One Year One to Five Years Five to Ten Years Over Ten Years Total Weighted Average Yield Weighted Average Yield Weighted Average Yield Weighted Average Yield Weighted Average Yield Held to maturity Securities of state and local municipalities tax exempt 2.32 2.32 Total held to maturity securities 2.32 2.32 Available for sale Securities of U.S. government and federal agencies 1.49 1.49 Securities of state and local municipalities 2.25 2.92 2.43 Corporate bonds 6.02 4.09 4.27 Mortgaged backed securities 2.09 2.48 1.57 1.62 Total available for sale securities 3.73 2.84 1.57 1.79 Total investment securities 3.65 2.51 1.57 1.79 
 2021 Within One Year One to Five Years Five to Ten Years Over Ten Years Total Weighted Average Yield Weighted Average Yield Weighted Average Yield Weighted Average Yield Weighted Average Yield Held to maturity Securities of state and local municipalities tax exempt 2.32 2.32 Total held to maturity securities 2.32 2.32 Available for sale Securities of U.S. government and federal agencies 1.49 1.49 Securities of state and local municipalities 2.25 2.92 2.45 Corporate bonds 3.98 4.15 4.12 Mortgaged backed securities 2.21 1.53 1.57 Total available for sale securities 3.27 2.51 1.53 1.68 Total investment securities 3.27 2.51 1.53 1.68 
 Deposits and Other Borrowed Funds 
 The following table sets forth the average balances of deposits and the percentage of each category to total average deposits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Average Balance (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Noninterest-bearing demand 501,962 27.77 527,675 31.29 Interest-bearing deposits Interest checking 724,881 40.10 587,151 34.82 Savings and money markets 315,653 17.46 303,317 17.99 Certificate of deposits, 100,000 to 249,999 51,490 2.85 58,453 3.47 Certificate of deposits, 250,000 or more 152,229 8.42 172,215 10.21 Other time deposits 61,478 3.39 37,657 2.22 Total 1,807,693 100.00 1,686,468 100.00 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Total deposits were 1.83 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 53.6 million, or 3 , from 1.88 billion at December 31, 2021. Noninterest-bearing deposits totaled 438.3 million at December 31, 2022, comprising 24 of total deposits. Wholesale deposits increased to 248.0 million at December 31, 2022 from 35.0 million at December 31, 2021, which offset the year-over-year declines in all other deposit categories, which was a result of customers using their excess liquidity to fund their business activity, and decreases in escrow funds from title and real estate companies due to the slowdown in real estate activity in the market. 
 We are a member of the IntraFi Network ("IntraFi"), which gives us the ability to offer Certificates of Deposit Account Registry Service ("CDARS"), and Insured Cash Sweep ("ICS"), products to our customers who seek to maximize FDIC insurance protection. When a customer places a large deposit with us for IntraFi, funds are placed into certificates of deposit or other deposit products with other banks in the CDARS and ICS networks in increments of less than 250 thousand so that principal and interest are eligible for FDIC insurance protection. These deposits are part of our core deposit base. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had 117.6 million and 186.0 million, respectively, in either CDARS reciprocal or ICS reciprocal products. The decrease from December 31, 2021 is a result of certain customers utilizing excess liquidity for their day-to-day operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated amount of total uninsured deposits were 727.3 million and 901.1 million, respectively. The estimate of uninsured deposits generally represents the portion of deposit accounts that exceed the FDIC insurance limit of 250 thousand and is calculated based on the same methodologies and assumptions used for purposes of the Bank's regulatory reporting requirements. The following table reports maturities of the estimated amount of uninsured certificates of deposit at December 31, 2022. 
 Certificates of Deposit Greater than 250,000 
 At December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 Three months or less 38,589 Over three months through six months 45,366 Over six months through twelve months 51,820 Over twelve months 23,747 159,522 
 Other borrowed funds, which include federal funds purchased, FHLB advances, and our subordinated notes, were 284.6 million at December 31, 2022, and 44.5 million at December 31, 2021. For December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 235.0 million and 25.0 million, respectively, in FHLB advances. The increase in FHLB advances was a result of the aforementioned decrease in customer deposits and to assist in funding loan origination activity. Subordinated debt, net of unamortized issuance costs, totaled 19.6 million and 19.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 30.0 million and 0 federal funds purchased, respectively. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 Capital adequacy is an important measure of financial stability and performance. Our objectives are to maintain a level of capitalization that is sufficient to sustain asset growth and promote depositor and investor confidence. 
 Regulatory agencies measure capital adequacy utilizing a formula that takes into account the individual risk profile of the financial institution. The minimum capital requirements are: (i) CET1 capital ratio of 4.5 ; (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 6 ; (iii) a total risk based capital ratio of 8 ; and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 . Additionally, a capital conservation buffer requirement of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress and is applicable to our CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital ratios. Including the conservation buffer, we currently consider our minimum capital ratios to be as follows: 7.00 for CET1; 8.50 for Tier 1 capital; and 10.50 for Total capital. Banking institutions with a ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets above the minimum but below the minimum plus the conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases, and compensation. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 On January 1, 2020, the federal banking agencies adopted a CBLR, which is calculated by dividing tangible equity capital by average consolidated total assets. If a "qualified community bank," generally a depository institution or depository institution holding company with consolidated assets of less than 10 billion, opts into the CBLR framework and has a leverage ratio that exceeds the CBLR threshold, which was initially set at 9 , then such bank will be considered to have met all generally applicable leverage and risk based capital requirements under Basel III, the capital ratio requirements for "well capitalized" status under Section 38 of the FDIA, and any other leverage or capital requirements to which it is subject. A bank or holding company may be excluded from qualifying community bank status base on its risk profile, including consideration of its off-balance sheet exposures; trading assets and liabilities; total notional derivatives exposures and such other facts as the appropriate federal banking agencies determine to be appropriate. At January 1, 2020, we qualified for and adopted this simplified capital structure. Effective September 30, 2022, we opted out of the CBLR framework. A banking organization that opts out of the CBLR framework can subsequently opt back into the CBLR framework if it meets the criteria listed above. We believe that the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Stockholders' equity at December 31, 2022 was 202.4 million, a decrease of 7.4 million, compared to 209.8 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in shareholders' equity was attributable to a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of 34.5 million, which was primarily related to the decrease in the market value of the Company's available-for-sale investment securities portfolio, offset by net income recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaling 25.0 million. 
 Total stockholders' equity to total assets for December 31, 2022 was 8.6 and for December 31, 2021 was 9.5 . Tangible book value per share (a non-GAAP financial measure which is defined in the table below) at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 11.14 and 11.76, respectively. 
 As noted below, regulatory capital levels for the bank meets those established for "well capitalized" institutions. While we are currently considered "well capitalized," we may from time to time find it necessary to access the capital markets to meet our growth objectives or capitalize on specific business opportunities. 
 As the Company is a bank holding company with less than 3 billion in assets, and which does not (i) conduct significant off balance sheet activities, (ii) engage in significant non-banking activities, and (iii) have a material amount of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), it is not currently subject to risk-based capital requirements adopted by the Federal Reserve, pursuant to the small bank holding company policy statement. The Federal Reserve has not historically deemed a bank holding company ineligible for application of the small bank holding company policy statement solely because its common stock is registered under the Exchange Act. There can be no assurance that the Federal Reserve will continue this practice. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables shows the minimum capital requirement and our capital position at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 for the Bank. 
 Capital Components 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Actual Minimum Capital Requirement Minimum to be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Amount Ratio Amount Ratio (1) 
 Amount Ratio At December 31, 2022 Total risk-based capital 256,898 13.28 203,113 > 10.50 193,441 > 10.00 Tier 1 risk-based capital 240,858 12.45 164,425 > 8.50 154,753 > 8.00 Common equity tier 1 capital 240,858 12.45 135,409 > 7.00 125,737 > 6.50 Leverage capital ratio 240,858 10.75 87,894 > 4.00 109,867 > 5.00 At December 31, 2021 Total risk-based capital 222,871 13.54 177,069 > 10.50 168,638 > 10.00 Tier 1 risk-based capital 214,442 12.72 143,342 > 8.50 134,910 > 8.00 Common equity tier 1 capital 214,442 12.72 118,046 > 7.00 109,614 > 6.50 Leverage capital ratio 214,442 10.55 81,712 > 4.00 102,140 > 5.00 
 (1) Ratios include capital conservation buffer. 
 Reconciliation of Book Value (GAAP) to Tangible Book Value (non-GAAP) 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 Total stockholders' equity (GAAP) 202,382 209,796 Less: goodwill and intangibles, net (7,790) (8,052) Tangible Common Equity (non-GAAP) 194,592 201,744 Book value per common share (GAAP) 11.58 12.23 Less: intangible book value per common share (0.44) (0.47) Tangible book value per common share (non-GAAP) 11.14 11.76 
 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity in the banking industry is defined as the ability to meet the demand for funds of both depositors and borrowers. We must be able to meet these needs by obtaining funding from depositors or other lenders or by converting non-cash items into cash. The objective of our liquidity management program is to ensure that we always have sufficient resources to meet the demands of our depositors and borrowers. Stable core deposits and a strong capital position provide the base for our liquidity position. We believe we have demonstrated our ability to attract deposits because of our convenient branch locations, personal service, technology and pricing. 
 In addition to deposits, we have access to the different wholesale funding markets. These markets include the brokered certificate of deposit market and the federal funds market. We are a member of the IntraFi Network, which allows banking customers to access FDIC insurance protection on deposits through our Bank which exceed FDIC insurance limits. We also have one-way authority with IntraFi for both their CDARs and ICS products which provides the Bank the ability to access additional wholesale funding as needed. We also maintain secured lines of credit with the FRB and the FHLB for which we can borrow up to the allowable amount for the collateral pledged. Having diverse funding alternatives reduces our reliance on any one source for funding. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Cash flow from amortizing assets or maturing assets also provides funding to meet the needs of depositors and borrowers. 
 We have established a formal liquidity contingency plan which establishes a liquidity management team and provides guidelines for liquidity management. For our liquidity management program, we first determine our current liquidity position and then forecast liquidity based on anticipated changes in the balance sheet. In this forecast, we expect to maintain a liquidity cushion. We also stress test our liquidity position under several different stress scenarios, from moderate to severe. Guidelines for the forecasted liquidity cushion and for liquidity cushions for each stress scenario have been established. We believe that we have sufficient resources to meet our liquidity needs. 
 Our primary and secondary sources of liquidity remain strong. Liquid assets, which include cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and investment securities available for sale, totaled 359.6 million at December 31, 2022, or 15 of total assets, a decrease from 598.7 million, or 27 , at December 31, 2021. To maintain ready access to the Bank's secured lines of credit, the Bank has pledged a portion of its commercial real estate and residential real estate loan portfolios to the FHLB and FRB. Additional borrowing capacity at the FHLB at December 31, 2022 was approxim ately 138.5 million. Borrowing capacity with the FRB was approximatel y 94.2 million at December 31, 2022. These facilities are subject to the FHLB and the FRB approving disbursement to us. We also have unsecured federal funds purchased lines of approximately 265.0 million available to us of which 30.0 million was advanced as of December 31, 2022. We anticipate maintaining liquidity at a level sufficient to protect depositors as we endure through this pandemic, provide for reasonable growth, and fully comply with all regulatory requirements. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. Our liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access the capital markets or by unforeseen outflows of cash, including deposits. This situation may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as general market disruption, negative views about the financial services industry generally, or an operational problem that affects a third party or us. Our ability to borrow from other financial institutions on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital markets or other events. While we believe we have a healthy liquidity position and do not anticipate the loss of deposits of any of the significant deposit customers, any of the factors discussed above could materially impact our liquidity position in the future. 
 
 Financial Instruments with Off-Balance-Sheet Risk and Credit Risk 
 We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. 
 The Bank's maximum exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Bank uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. We evaluate each customer's credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis and require collateral to support financial instruments when deemed necessary. The amount of collateral obtained upon extension of credit is based on management's evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held varies but may include deposits held by us, marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, and income-producing commercial properties. 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates up to one year or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. These instruments represent obligations to extend credit or guarantee borrowings and are not recorded on the consolidated statements of financial condition. The rates and terms of these instruments are competitive with others in the market in which we do business. 
 Unfunded commitments under lines of credit are commitments for possible future extensions of credit to existing customers. Those lines of credit may not be drawn upon to the total extent to which we have committed. 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments we issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. We hold certificates of deposit, deposit accounts, and real estate as collateral supporting those commitments for which collateral is deemed necessary. 
 With the exception of these off-balance sheet arrangements, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, changes in financial condition, revenue, expenses, capital expenditures, or capital resources, that is material to the business of the Company. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, unused commitments to fund loans and lines of credit totaled 235.6 million and 183.1 million, respectively. Commercial and standby letters of credit totaled 6.5 million and 8.9 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Not required. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 FVCBankcorp, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Fairfax, Virginia 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL REPORT 
 December 31, 2022 
 CONTENTS 
 Page REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 64 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated statements of condition 
 65 
 Consolidated statements of income 
 66 
 Consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) 
 67 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows 
 68 
 Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity 
 69 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 70 - 109 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors 
 FVCBankcorp, Inc. 
 Fairfax, Virginia 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of condition of FVCBankcorp, Inc. and its subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and changes in stockholders equity for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2007. 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 FVCBankcorp, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Condition 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits at other financial institutions Securities held-to-maturity (fair value of million for both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively), at amortized cost 
 Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Restricted stock, at cost Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Premises and equipment, net Accrued interest receivable Prepaid expenses Deferred tax assets, net Goodwill and intangibles, net Bank owned life insurance (BOLI) Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Liabilities Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing checking, savings and money market Time deposits Total deposits Federal funds purchased FHLB advances Subordinated notes, net of issuance costs Accrued interest payable Operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingent Liabilities Stockholders' Equity 2022 2021 Preferred stock, par value 
 Shares authorized Shares issued and outstanding Common stock, par value 
 Shares authorized Shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 FVCBankcorp, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 Interest and Dividend Income Interest and fees on loans Interest and dividends on securities held-to-maturity Interest and dividends on securities available-for-sale Dividends on restricted stock Interest on deposits at other financial institutions Total interest and dividend income Interest Expense Interest on deposits Interest on federal funds purchased Interest on short-term debt Interest on subordinated notes Total interest expense Net Interest Income Provision for (reversal of) loan losses ) Net interest income after provision for (reversal of) loan losses Noninterest Income Service charges on deposit accounts BOLI income (Loss) income from minority membership interest ) Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest Expenses Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment expense Data processing and network administration State franchise taxes Audit, legal and consulting fees Merger and acquisition expense Loan related expenses FDIC insurance Director fees Core deposit intangible amortization Gain on sale of other real estate owned ) Tax credit amortization Other operating expenses Total noninterest expenses Net income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Earnings per share, basic Earnings per share, diluted 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 FVCBankcorp, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: Unrealized loss on securities available for sale, net of tax benefit of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 ) ) Unrealized gain on interest rate swaps, net of tax expense of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 FVCBankcorp, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 2021 Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Provision for (reversal of) loan losses ) Net amortization of premium of securities Net accretion of deferred loan fees, costs, and purchase premiums ) ) Net accretion of acquisition accounting adjustments ) ) Gain on sale of other real estate owned ) Amortization of subordinated debt issuance costs Core deposits intangible amortization Amortization of tax credits Equity-based compensation expense BOLI income ) ) Loss (income) from minority membership interest ) Deferred income tax expense Changes in assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets ) Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities Decrease (increase) in interest-bearing deposits at other financial institutions ) Purchases of securities available-for-sale ) ) Proceeds from maturities and calls of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from paydowns of securities available-for-sale (Increase) decrease in restricted stock ) Net increase in loans ) ) Purchase of bank-owned life insurance ) Distribution received from minority owned investment Proceeds from sale of OREO Purchase of minority membership interest ) Purchases of premises and equipment, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities Net (decrease) increase in noninterest-bearing, interest-bearing checking, savings, and money market deposits ) Net increase (decrease) in time deposits ) Redemption of subordinated debt, net ) ) Increase in federal funds purchased Net increase in FHLB advances Repurchase of shares of common stock ) Common stock issuance Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 FVCBankcorp, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands) 
 Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Net income Other comprehensive income ) ) Common stock issuance for options exercised Vesting of restricted stock grants Stock-based compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Common stock issuance for options exercised Vesting of restricted stock grants 5-for-4 stock split ) Stock-based compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Note 1. 
 million to obtain a ownership interest in ACM. This ownership interest is subject to an earnback option of up to over the next . As of December 31, 2022, our percentage ownership had decreased to . In addition, the Bank provides a warehouse lending facility to ACM, which includes a construction-to-permanent financing line, and has developed portfolio mortgage products to diversify the Bank's held to investment loan portfolio. The investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 On December 15, 2022, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved a five-for-four split of the Company's common stock in the form of a stock dividend for shareholders of record on January 9, 2023, payable on January 31, 2023. Earnings per share and all other per share information reflected in the Company's consolidated financial statements have been adjusted for the five-for-four split of the Company's common stock for comparative purposes. 
 In February 2023 as part of the Company s asset/liability management process, the Bank sold million of investment securities available-for-sale at an after-tax loss of million to de-leverage its balance sheet and invest funds in higher-yielding assets. Also during the first quarter of 2023 as part of the Bank s asset/liability management process, the Bank fixed million of wholesale funding through the execution of pay-fixed/receive-floating interest rate swaps with a weighted-average rate of and maturity of . For a full discussion of these transactions, please see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, "Discussion of Analysis of Financial Condition , Overview ," above. 
 
 Note 2. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

allowance for loan losses. The Company 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 72 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 . 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans . The Company makes commercial loans to qualified businesses within its market area. The commercial lending portfolio consists primarily of commercial and industrial loans for a variety of business purposes, including working capital and the financing of accounts receivable, property, plant and equipment. The Company has a government contract lending group which provides secured lending to government contracting firms and businesses based primarily on receivables from the federal government. 
 Commercial and industrial loans generally have a higher degree of risk than other certain types of loans. Commercial loans typically are made on the basis of the borrower's ability to repay the loan from the cash flow from its business and are secured by business assets, such as commercial real estate, accounts receivable, equipment and inventory, the values of which may fluctuate over time and generally cannot be appraised with as much precision as residential real estate. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial loans may be substantially dependent upon the commercial success of the business itself. To manage these risks, the Company's policy is to secure commercial loans originated with both the assets of the business, which are subject to the risks described above, and other additional collateral and guarantees that may be available. 
 Commercial Construction Loans . The Company's commercial construction loan portfolio consists of acquisition, development, and construction of commercial real estate, including multi-family properties. Our typical commercial construction loan involves property that will ultimately be leased to a non-owner occupant. Construction lending entails significant additional risks as they often involve larger loan balances concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. Construction loans also involve additional risks since funds are advanced while the property is under construction, which property has uncertain value prior to the completion of construction. Thus, it is more difficult to accurately evaluate the total loan funds required to complete a project and related loan-to-value ratios. To reduce the risks associated with construction lending, the Company generally limits loan-to-value ratios to of when-completed appraised values for owner-occupied residential or commercial properties and for investor-owned residential or commercial properties. Construction loan agreements may include provisions which allow for the payment of contractual interest from an interest reserve. Amounts drawn from an interest reserve increase the amount of the outstanding balance of the construction loan. This is an industry standard practice. 
 Consumer Residential . This portfolio consists primarily of home equity lines of credit ("HELOCs") that we originate in our market areas. Our HELOCs generally have a maximum loan to value of up to , however, actual loan to values are typically lower than the maximum. We have also purchased portfolios of 1-4 family residential first mortgage loans on properties located in our market area for yield and diversification. 
 Consumer Nonresidential . The Company's consumer nonresidential loans consist primarily of installment loans made to individuals for personal, family and household purposes. In addition, we have purchased pools of unsecured consumer loans and student loans from a third party for yield and diversification. 
 Consumer loans may entail greater risk than certain other types of loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans that are unsecured or secured by rapidly depreciable assets, such as automobiles. 
 The Company's policy for consumer loans is to accept moderate risk while minimizing losses, primarily through a careful credit and financial analysis of the borrower. In evaluating consumer loans, the Company requires its lending officers to review the borrower's collateral and stability of income, past credit history, amount of debt currently outstanding and the impact of these factors on the ability of the borrower to repay the loan in a timely manner. 
 The Company's allowance for loan losses is based first on a segmentation of its loan portfolio by general loan type, or portfolio segments. For originated loans, certain portfolio segments are further disaggregated and evaluated collectively for impairment based on loan segments, which are largely based on the type of collateral underlying each loan. For purposes of this analysis, the Company categorizes loans into one of five categories: commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, commercial construction, consumer residential, and consumer nonresidential loans. Typically, financial institutions use their historical loss experience and trends in losses for each loan category which are then adjusted for portfolio trends and economic and environmental factors in determining their allowance for loan losses. Since the Bank's inception in 2007, the Bank has experienced minimal loss history within its loan portfolio. Because of this, the allowance model uses the average 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line method over the useful lives of the improvements or the lease term, whichever is shorter. Purchased computer software which is capitalized is amortized over estimated useful lives of one to . 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 lease agreements. 
 The Company's leases offer the option to extend the lease term. For each of the leases, the Company is reasonably certain it will exercise the options and has included the additional time and lease payments in the calculation of the lease liability. None of the Company's leases provide for residual value guarantees and none provide restrictions or covenants that would impact dividends or require incurring additional financial obligations. 
 
 impairment was recorded for 2022 and 2021. 

75 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

401(k) plan expense was thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 77 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 78 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

79 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 3. 
 ) Total Held-to-maturity Securities ) Available-for-sale Securities of U.S. government and federal agencies 
 ) Securities of state and local municipalities tax exempt ) Securities of state and local municipalities taxable ) Corporate bonds ) SBA pass-through securities ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total Available-for-sale Securities ) 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 (Losses) 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Held-to-maturity Securities of state and local municipalities tax exempt Total Held-to-maturity Securities Available-for-sale Securities of U.S. government and federal agencies ) Securities of state and local municipalities tax exempt Securities of state and local municipalities taxable ) Corporate bonds ) SBA pass-through securities Mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total Available-for-sale Securities ) 
 The Company had securities with a market value of million and million pledged with the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond (the "FRB") for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company had securities with a market value of million and million pledged with the Treasury Board of Virginia at the Community Bankers' Bank for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The following table shows fair value and gross unrealized losses for available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

0 ) ) Securities of state and local municipalities tax exempt ) ) Securities of state and local municipalities taxable ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) SBA pass-through securities ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total At December 31, 2021 
 Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Securities of U.S. government and federal agencies ) ) Securities of state and local municipalities taxable ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 Securities of U.S. government and federal agencies: The unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities were caused by interest rate increases. The contractual terms of these investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments. 
 Securities of state and local municipalities tax-exempt: The unrealized losses on of the investments in securities of state and local municipalities were caused by interest rate increases. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments. These investments carry an S P investment grade rating of AA+ and AA. 
 Securities of state and local municipalities taxable: The unrealized loss on of the investment in securities of state and local municipalities were caused by interest rate increases. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments. The investment carries an S P investment grade rating of AAA. 
 Corporate bonds: The unrealized losses on the Company's investments on corporate bonds were caused by interest rate increases. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments. of these investments carry an S P investment grade rating of BBB and BBB+. The remaining thirteen investments do not carry a rating. 
 SBA pass-through securities: The unrealized losses on available-for-sale security was caused by interest rate increases. The contractual terms of these investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 CMOs was caused by interest rate increases. The contractual cash flows of these investments are guaranteed by an agency of the U.S. Government. Accordingly, it is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the Company's investments. Because the decline in market value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 After 5 years through 10 years After 10 years Total 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, proceeds from principal repayments of securities were million and million, respectively. securities were sold during 2022 and 2021. There were realized gains or losses in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table discloses the types of investments included in other investments: 
 2022 2021 Federal Reserve stock FHLB stock Community Bankers' Bank stock Atlantic Bankers' Bank stock Total 
 As a member of the FRB and the FHLB, the Bank is required to hold stock in these entities. Stock membership in Community Bankers' Bank allows the Company to secure overnight funding and participate in other services offered by this institution. These investments are carried at cost since no active trading markets exist. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 4. 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Consumer real estate Consumer nonresidential Less: Allowance for loan losses Unearned income and (unamortized premiums), net Loans, net 
 During 2018, as a result of the Company's acquisition of Colombo, the loan portfolio was segregated between loans initially accounted for under the amortized cost method (referred to as "originated" loans) and loans acquired (referred to as "acquired" loans). 
 Carrying amount Other acquired loans Outstanding principal balance Carrying amount Total acquired loans Outstanding principal balance Carrying amount 
 2021 Purchased credit impaired acquired loans evaluated individually for future credit losses Outstanding principal balance Carrying amount Other acquired loans Outstanding principal balance Carrying amount Total acquired loans Outstanding principal balance Carrying amount 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Accretion ) Reclassification of nonaccretable difference due to improvement in expected cash flows Other changes, net Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Balance at January 1, 2021 Accretion ) Reclassification of nonaccretable difference due to improvement in expected cash flows Other changes, net ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (reversal) ) ) Ending Balance 
 Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Commercial Construction Consumer Real Estate Consumer Nonresidential Total 2021 Allowance for loan losses: Beginning Balance Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (reversal) ) ) ) Ending Balance 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Purchased credit impaired Collectively evaluated for impairment Loans Receivable Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Commercial Construction Consumer Real Estate Consumer Nonresidential Total 2022 Financing receivables: Ending Balance Individually evaluated for impairment Purchased credit impaired loans Collectively evaluated for impairment 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Purchased credit impaired loans Collectively evaluated for impairment Loans Receivable Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Commercial Construction Consumer Real Estate Consumer Nonresidential Total 2021 Financing receivables: Ending Balance Individually evaluated for impairment Purchased credit impaired loans Collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Consumer real estate Consumer nonresidential 2022 With no related allowance: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Consumer real estate Consumer nonresidential 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Consumer real estate Consumer nonresidential 2021 With no related allowance: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Consumer real estate Consumer nonresidential 
 
 There were impaired loans in the acquired loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 No additional funds are committed to be advanced in connection with the impaired loans. There were no nonaccrual loans excluded from the impaired loan disclosure. 
 The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as current financial information, historical payment experience, collateral adequacy, credit documentation, and current economic trends, among other factors. The Company analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis typically includes larger, non-homogeneous loans such as commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans. This analysis is performed on an ongoing basis as new information is obtained. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 
 Pass Loans listed as pass include larger non-homogeneous loans not meeting the risk rating definitions below and smaller, homogeneous loans not assessed on an individual basis. 
 Special Mention Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management's close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution's credit position at some future date. 
 Substandard Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the enhanced possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 Doubtful Loans classified as doubtful include those loans which have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, based on currently known facts, conditions and values, improbable. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total 
 2022 Acquired Loan Portfolio 
 Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Commercial 
 Construction 
 Consumer Real 
 Estate 
 Consumer 
 Nonresidential 
 Total Grade: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total 
 2021 Originated Loan Portfolio 
 Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Commercial 
 Construction 
 Consumer Real 
 Estate 
 Consumer 
 Nonresidential 
 Total Grade: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total 
 2021 Acquired Loan Portfolio 
 Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Commercial 
 Construction 
 Consumer Real 
 Estate 
 Consumer 
 Nonresidential 
 Total Grade: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 million in loans identified as special mention within the originated loan portfolio, an increase of million from December 31, 2021. Special mention rated loans are loans that have a potential weakness that deserves management's close attention; however, the borrower continues to pay in accordance with their contract. These loans do not have a specific reserve and are considered well-secured. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had million in loans identified as substandard within the originated loan portfolio, a decrease of million from December 31, 2021. Substandard rated loans are loans that are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. For each of these substandard loans, a liquidation analysis is completed. As of December 31, 2022, specific reserves on originated and acquired loans totaling million, has been allocated within the allowance for loan losses to supplement any shortfall of collateral. 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Consumer real estate Consumer nonresidential Total 
 2022 Acquired Loan Portfolio 
 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past 
 due 
 90 days or more 
 past due 
 Total past due Current Total loans 90 days past due and still accruing Nonaccruals Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Consumer real estate Consumer nonresidential Total 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Consumer real estate Consumer nonresidential Total 
 2021 Acquired Loan Portfolio 
 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past 
 due 
 90 days or more 
 past due 
 Total past due Current Total loans 90 days past due and still accruing Nonaccruals Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Consumer real estate Consumer nonresidential Total 
 There were overdrafts of million and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which have been reclassified from deposits to loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans with a carrying value of million and million were pledged to the FHLB. 
 There were no defaults of TDRs where the default occurred within twelve months of the restructuring during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Total 
 TDRs were originated during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 For each of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a recorded investment in TDRs of thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 5. 
 OREO property at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. There was OREO activity during 2022 and million was sold during 2021 where the Company recognized a gain on sale of OREO of thousand. There were foreclosed residential real estate properties recorded in OREO as a result of obtaining physical possession of the property at December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recorded impairment charges during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Note 6. 
 2021 activity: 
 1st Commonwealth amortization Colombo Bank amortization Balance at December 31, 2021 
 2022 activity: 
 1st Commonwealth amortization Colombo Bank amortization Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 thousand for 2022 and thousand for 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated amortization expense for the next five years and thereafter is as follows: 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 7. 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment Computer software Land Buildings Vehicles Premises and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation Premises and equipment, net 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation expense was thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 The Company has entered into operating leases for office space over various terms. The leases cover an agreed upon period of time and generally have options to renew and are subject to annual increases as well as allocations for real estate taxes and certain operating expenses. 
 Lease Liability Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (Years) Weighted Average discount rate 
 Cash paid for amounts included in lease liabilities Modification of right-of-use assets and lease liability Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less: discount ) 

Note 8. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Total time deposits greater than 250,000 were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had customer relationship whose related balance on deposit exceeded 5 of outstanding deposits. This customer relationship comprises of outstanding deposits at December 31, 2022 and of outstanding deposits at December 31, 2021. 
 Brokered deposits totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 9. 
 Maximum balance at any month end during the year Average balance for the year Weighted average rate on borrowings for the year ended 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 million and million of FHLB advances at each of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. million of FHLB advances outstanding at December, 31, 2022 mature during the first quarter of 2023 while the remaining million represents a daily rate borrowing that matures in December 2023. At December 31, 2022, 1-4 family residential loans with a lendable value of million, multi-family residential loans with a lendable value of million, home equity lines of credit with a lendable value of million and commercial real estate loans with a lendable value of million were pledged against an available line of credit with the FHLB totaling million as of December 31, 2022. The lendable collateral value excess at December 31, 2022 totaled million. 
 The Company has unsecured lines of credit with correspondent banks totaling million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, available for overnight borrowing. At December 31, 2022, the Company had an advance of million with one of the correspondent banks and in 2021. 
 On June 20, 2016, the Company issued million in fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due June 30, 2026 in a private placement transaction. Interest was payable at per annum, from and including June 20, 2016 to, but excluding June 30, 2021, payable semi-annually in arrears. From and including June 30, 2021 to the early redemption date, the interest rate was to reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month LIBOR rate plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. 
 The Company had the option, on any scheduled interest payment date on or after June 30, 2021, to redeem the subordinated notes, in whole or in part, upon not fewer than nor greater than days' notice to holders, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the subordinated notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. In August 2021, the Company provided a redemption notice to each holder of the subordinated notes that the notes would be redeemed in full on September 30, 2021 or such later date as the holder returned its note to the Company. million of principal was redeemed and paid during the year ended December 31, 2021. The remaining principal balance of million as of December 31, 2021 is included in other liabilities. The remaining note holders redeemed their notes in February 2022. The notes stopped accruing interest effective as of September 30, 2021 redemption date. 
 million of its fixed-to-floating subordinated notes due 2030 (the "Notes") to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors. The Notes have a maturity date of October 15, 2030 and carry a fixed rate of interest of for the first . Thereafter, the Notes will pay interest at the then current three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus basis points, resetting quarterly. The Notes include a right of prepayment without penalty on or after October 15, 2025. The Company used the proceeds from the placement of the Notes for general corporate purposes, including to support capital ratios at the Bank, and the repayment of the million outstanding subordinated debt called in August 2021. The Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for the Company to the fullest extent permitted under the Basel III capital rules. When contributed to the capital of the Bank, the proceeds of the subordinated notes may be included in Tier 1 capital for the Bank. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 10. 
 Net operating loss carryforward federal and state Bank premises and equipment Nonqualified stock options and restricted stock Organizational and start-up expenses Acquisition accounting adjustments Non-accrual loan interest Deferred loan costs Lease liability Unrealized loss on securities available for sale Unrealized loss on interest rate swap Deferred Tax Liabilities: Right-of-use assets ) ) Unrealized gain on interest rate swap ) ) ) Net Deferred Tax Assets 
 Deferred tax expense 
 Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from: State income tax expense Non-deductible expense Tax free income ) ) Tax benefits from exercise of stock options ) ) Other ) 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal examination by tax authorities for years prior to 2019. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 million of net operating loss carryforwards acquired from Colombo which can be offset against future taxable income. The carryforwards expire through December 31, 2037. The full realization of tax benefits associated with carryforwards depends predominately upon the recognition of ordinary income during the carryforward period. The federal portion of net operating loss carryforwards available to offset taxable income is limited to thousand annually under Internal Revenue Code section 382. The Company believes it will generate sufficient future taxable income to fully utilize the remaining deferred tax assets. 
 
 Note 11. 
 interest rate swap agreements which were collateralized by thousand in cash. As of December 31, 2021, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements which were collateralized by million in cash. 
 Pay Fixed/Receive Variable Swaps ) 
 December 31, 2021 Notional Amount Fair Value Interest Rate Swap Agreements Receive Fixed/Pay Variable Swaps Pay Fixed/Receive Variable Swaps ) 
 Interest Rate Risk Management Cash Flow Hedging Instruments 
 The Company uses FHLB advances and other wholesale funding from time to time as a source of funds for use in the Company's lending and investment activities and other general business purposes. This wholesale funding exposes the Company to increased interest rate risk as a result of the variability in cash flows (future interest payments). The Company believes it is prudent to reduce this interest rate risk. To meet this objective, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements whereby the Company reduces the interest rate risk associated with the Company's variable rate advances (or other wholesale funding) from the designation date and going through the maturity date. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Weighted average pay rate Weighted average receive rate Weighted average maturity in years Unrealized gain/(loss) relating to interest rate swaps ) 
 These agreements provided for the Company to receive payments determined by a specific index in exchange for making payments at a fixed rate. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unrealized loss or gain relating to interest rate swaps designated as hedging instruments of the variability of cash flows associated with wholesale funds are reported in other comprehensive income (loss). These amounts are subsequently reclassified into interest expense as a yield adjustment in the same period in which the related interest on the advance affects earnings. The Company measures cash flow hedging relationships for effectiveness on a monthly basis, and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the hedges were highly effective and the amount of ineffectiveness reflected in earnings was de minimus. 
 
 Note 12. 
 Unused commitments to fund loans and lines of credit Commercial and standby letters of credit 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The commitments for equity lines of credit may expire without being drawn upon. Therefore, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The amount of collateral obtained, if it is deemed necessary by the Company, is based on management's credit evaluation of the customer. 
 Unfunded commitments under commercial lines of credit, revolving credit lines and overdraft protection agreements are commitments for possible future extensions of credit to existing customers. These lines of credit usually do not contain a specified maturity date and may not be drawn upon to the total extent to which the Company is committed. The amount of collateral obtained, if it is deemed necessary by the Company, is based on management's credit evaluation of the customer. 
 Commercial and standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those letters of credit are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. Substantially all letters of credit issued have expiration dates within . The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Company generally holds collateral supporting those commitments, if deemed necessary. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 13. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 > Tier 1 risk-based capital > Common equity tier 1 capital > Leverage capital ratio > At December 31, 2021 Total risk-based capital > Tier 1 risk-based capital > Common equity tier 1 capital > Leverage capital ratio > 
 (1) Ratios include capital conservation buffer. 
 Dividend Restrictions The Company's principal source of funds for dividend payments is dividends received from the Bank. Banking regulations limit the amounts of dividends that may be paid without approval of regulatory agencies. As of December 31, 2022, million of retained earnings is available to pay dividends. 
 
 Note 14. 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with the Company. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, total principal additions were million and million, respectively, and total principal payments were million and million, respectively. 
 Related party deposits amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 15. 
 shares. 
 The maximum number of shares with respect to which awards may be made is shares of common stock, subject to adjustment for certain corporate events. Option awards are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company's stock at the date of grant, generally vest annually over of continuous service and have contractual terms. At December 31, 2022, shares were available to grant under the Plan. 
 options were granted during 2022 and 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, shares were withheld from issuance upon exercise of options in order to cover the cost of the exercise by the participant. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there were shares withheld from issuance upon exercise of options in order to cover the cost of the exercise by the participant. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding and Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 ________________________ 
 (1) The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the amount by which the current market value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the option) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2022. This amount changes based on changes in the market value of the Company's stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, all outstanding shares of the Plan are fully vested and amortized. Tax benefits recognized for qualified and non-qualified stock option exercises during 2022 and 2021 totaled thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The compensation cost that has been charged to income for the plan was million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted shares granted under the Plan. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of months. 
 
 Note 16. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 101 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Securities of state and local municipalities tax exempt Securities of state and local municipalities taxable Corporate bonds SBA pass-through securities Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Total Available-for-Sale Securities Derivative assets - interest rate swaps Derivative assets - cash flow hedge Liabilities Derivative liabilties - interest rate swaps 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Securities of state and local municipalities tax exempt Securities of state and local municipalities taxable Corporate bonds SBA pass-through securities Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Total Available-for-Sale Securities Derivative assets - interest rate swaps Liabilities Derivative liabilties - interest rate swaps Derivative liabilties - cash flow hedge 
 Certain financial assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP. Adjustments to the fair value of these assets usually result from the application of lower of cost or market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 
 The following describes the valuation techniques used by the Company to measure certain financial assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in the financial statements: 
 Impaired Loans: Loans are designated as impaired when, in the judgment of management based on current information and events, it is probable that all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected. The measurement of loss associated with impaired loans can be based on either the observable market price of the loan or the fair value of the collateral. Fair value is measured based on the value of the collateral securing the loans. Collateral may be in the form of real estate or business assets including equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable. The vast majority of the collateral is real estate. The value of real estate collateral is determined utilizing a market valuation approach based on an appraisal conducted by an independent, licensed appraiser outside of the Company using observable market data (Level 2). However, if the collateral is a house or building in the process of construction, has the value derived by discounting comparable sales due to lack of similar properties, or is discounted by the Company due to marketability, then the fair value is considered Level 3. The value of business equipment is based upon an outside appraisal if deemed significant, or the net book value on the applicable business's financial statements if not considered significant using observable market data. Likewise, values for inventory and accounts receivables collateral are based on financial statement balances or aging reports (Level 3). Impaired loans allocated to the Allowance for Loan Losses are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred as provision for loan losses on the Statements of Income. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Total Impaired loans 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Using 
 Balance as of 
 December 31, 2021 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs Description (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets Impaired loans Commercial and industrial Consumer residential Total Impaired loans 
 Discounted appraised value Marketability/Selling costs - 
 
 Quantitative information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements for December 31, 2021 
 Assets Fair Value Valuation Technique(s) Unobservable input Range 
 (Avg.) Impaired loans Commercial and industrial Discounted appraised value Marketability/Selling costs - 
 Consumer residential Discounted appraised value Marketability/Selling costs - 
 Total Impaired loans Discounted appraised value Marketability/Selling costs - 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Interest-bearing deposits at other institutions Securities held-to-maturity Securities available-for-sale Restricted stock Loans, net Bank owned life insurance Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets - interest rate swaps Derivative assets - cash flow hedge Financial liabilities: Checking, savings and money market accounts Time deposits Fed Funds Purchased FHLB advances Subordinated notes Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilties - interest rate swaps 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Interest-bearing deposits at other institutions Securities held-to-maturity Securities available-for-sale Restricted stock Loans, net Bank owned life insurance Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets - interest rate swaps Financial liabilities: Checking, savings and money market accounts Time deposits FHLB advances Subordinated notes Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilties - interest rate swaps Derivative liabilties - cash flow hedge 
 
 Note 17. 
 anti-dilutive shares for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Weighted average shares - basic Effect of dilutive securities Weighted average shares - diluted Basic EPS Diluted EPS 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 18. 
 Income taxes Noncash investing and financing activities: Unrealized loss on securities available-for-sale ) ) Unrealized gain on interest rate swaps Right-of-use assets obtained in the exchange for lease liabilities during the current period Modification of right-of-use assets and lease liability 
 
 Note 19. 
 components of AOCI, which are available-for-sale securities and cash flow hedges, for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 2022 Available-for- Sale Securities Cash Flow Hedges Total Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) Net unrealized (losses) gains during the period ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) 
 2021 Available-for- Sale Securities Cash Flow Hedges Total Balance, beginning of period ) Net unrealized gains (losses) during the period ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) 
 There were reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to realized gains or losses for both of the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 20. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Fees, Exchange, and Other Service Charges Other income Noninterest Income (in-scope of Topic 606) Noninterest Income (out-scope of Topic 606) Total Noninterest Income 
 Contract Balances 
 A contract asset balance occurs when an entity performs a service for a customer before the customer pays consideration (resulting in a contract receivable) or before payment is due (resulting in a contract asset). A contract liability 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 in 2022 and thousand in 2021. Gain on sale of other real estate owned is reflected in the consolidated statements of income under Noninterest Expense and is not reflected in the table above. 
 
 Note 21. 
 Securities available-for-sale Investment in subsidiary Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Subordinated notes Other liabilities Total liabilities Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

109 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Income from minority membership interest Dividend income Total income Expense: Interest on subordinated notes Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Audit, legal and consulting fees Other operating expenses Total expense Net income (loss) before income tax benefit and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary ) Income tax benefit ) ) Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary Net income 
 
 Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary ) ) Amortization of subordinated debt issuance costs Stock-based compensation expense Change in other assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash Flows From Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities Cash Flows From Financing Activities Repayment of subordinated notes, net ) ) Repurchase of shares of common stock ) Common stock issuance Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 No changes in the Company's independent registered public accounting firm or disagreements on accounting and financial disclosure required to be reported hereunder have taken place. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on the evaluation, the aforementioned officers concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of such period. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Company's financial reporting and the preparation of published financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the 2013 criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control-Integrated Framework . Based on management's assessment, management believes that as of December 31, 2021, the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective based on criteria set forth by COSO in its 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework . 
 The Company's annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, Yount, Hyde Barbour. P.C. ("YHB", Auditor Firm ID: ), regarding internal control over financial reporting under Public Company Accounting Oversight Board standards. Management's report was not subject to attestation by YHB pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management's report in its annual report. 
 The 2022 consolidated financial statements have been audited by the independent registered public accounting firm of YHB. Personnel from YHB were given unrestricted access to all financial records and related data, including minutes of all meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees thereof. Management believes that all representations made to the independent registered public accounting firm were valid and appropriate. The resulting report from YHB accompanies the consolidated financial statements. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation of internal controls that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 None. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information contained under the captions "Election of Directors," "Executive Officers," "Ownership of Company Securities Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" and "Corporate Governance and The Board of Directors" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information contained under the captions "Executive Compensation," "Corporate Governance and The Board of Directors Director Compensation" and "Corporate Governance and The Board of Directors "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information contained under the caption "Ownership of Company Securities - Security Ownership of Directors, Executive Officers and Certain Beneficial Owners" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information. The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to compensation plans under which shares of our Common Stock are authorized for issuance. 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to Be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans(1) Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Stockholders: Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Plan 1,621,920 6.82 157,263 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Stockholders (2) Total 1,621,920 6.82 157,263 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Amounts exclude any securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights. 
 (2) The Company does not have any equity compensation plans that have not been approved by stockholders. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information contained under the captions "Executive Compensation Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" and "Corporate Governance and The Board of Directors Director Independence" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information contained under the captions "Audit information Fees of Independent Registered Public Accountants" and "Audit Information Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Exhibits 
 Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of FVCBankcorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2018 (Registration No. 333-226942)) 
 3.2 Amendment, dated May 11, 2018, to Articles of Incorporation of FVCBankcorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2018 (Registration No. 333-226942)) 
 3.3 Bylaws of FVCBankcorp, Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2020) 
 4.1 Specimen Certificate for Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2018 (Registration No. 333-226942)) 
 4.2 Form of Subordinated Note due October 15, 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2020) 
 4.3 Description of FVCBankcorp, Inc.'s Securities 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2021, by and among FVCBankcorp, Inc., FVCbank and David W. Pijor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2018 (Registration No. 333-226942)) 
 10.2 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2021, by and among FVCBankcorp, Inc., FVCbank and Patricia A. Ferrick (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2018 (Registration No. 333-226942)) 
 10.3 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement, dated June 7, 2022, between FVCBankcorp, Inc. and David W. Pijor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2022). 
 10.4 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement, dated June 7, 2022, between FVCBankcorp, Inc. and Patricia A. Ferrick (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2022). 
 10.5 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement, dated June 7, 2022, between FVCBankcorp, Inc. and Jennifer L. Deacon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2022). 
 10.6 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement, dated June 7, 2022, between FVCBankcorp, Inc. and William G. Byers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2022). 
 10.7 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement dated October 13, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2020) 
 10.8 FVCBankcorp, Inc. Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on May 18, 2022, filed on April 8, 2022) 
 10.9 1st Commonwealth Bank of Virginia 2009 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2018 (Registration No. 333-226942)) 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Yount, Hyde Barbour, P.C. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Statement of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 32.2 Statement of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-T (i) Consolidated Statements of Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (ii) Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (iii) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 (iv) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (v) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 104 The cover page from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (included with Exhibit 101). 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 and 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 FVCBankcorp, Inc. March 24, 2023 By: /s/ David W. Pijor Name: David W. Pijor Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 24, 2023. 
 Signatures Titles /s/ David W. Pijor Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Name: David W. Pijor /s/ Jennifer L. Deacon Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Name: Jennifer L. Deacon /s/ Patricia A. Ferrick President and Director Name: Patricia A. Ferrick /s/ Marc N. Duber Director Name: Marc N. Duber /s/ L. Burwell Gunn Director Name: L. Burwell Gunn /s/ Meena Krishnan Director Name: Meena Krishnan /s/ Scott Laughlin Director Name: Scott Laughlin /s/ Thomas L. Patterson Director Name: Thomas L. Patterson /s/ Devin Satz Director Name: Devin Satz /s/ Lawrence W. Schwartz Director Name: Lawrence W. Schwartz /s/ Sidney G. Simmonds Director Name: Sidney G. Simmonds /s/ Daniel M. Testa Director Name: Daniel M. Testa /s/ Philip R. Wills III Director Name: Philip R. Wills III /s/ Steven M. Wiltse Director Name: Steven M. Wiltse 
 116 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 fvcb-20221231xex4d3.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF FVCBANKCORP, INC. S SECURITIES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the common stock of FVCBankcorp, Inc. FVCB was the only class of its securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The following summary description of the material features of the common stock of FVCB does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, FVCB s articles of incorporation and bylaws, each as amended. For more information, refer to FVCB s articles of incorporation and bylaws and any applicable provisions of relevant law, including the Virginia Stock Corporation Act VSCA and federal laws governing banks and bank holding companies. 
 
 General 
 
 FVCB is authorized to issue 20,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. Each share of FVCB common stock has the same relative rights as, and is identical in all respects with, each other share of FVCB common stock. FVCB s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol FVCB. The transfer agent for FVCB s common stock is Computershare, Inc., 250 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 FVCB s shareholders are entitled to receive dividends or distributions that its board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for those payments. The payment of distributions by FVCB is subject to the restrictions of Virginia law applicable to the declaration of distributions by a corporation. A Virginia corporation generally may not authorize and make distributions if, after giving effect to the distribution, it would be unable to meet its debts as they become due in the usual course of business or if the corporation s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if it were dissolved at that time, to satisfy the preferential rights of shareholders whose rights are superior to the rights of those receiving the distribution. In addition, the payment of distributions to shareholders is subject to any prior rights of outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 As a bank holding company, FVCB s ability to pay dividends is affected by the ability of FVCbank, its bank subsidiary, to pay dividends to the holding company. The ability of FVCbank, as well as FVCB, to pay dividends is influenced by bank regulatory requirements and capital guidelines. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of FVCB, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of FVCB common stock are entitled to share ratably in all remaining assets of FVCB available for distribution after satisfaction in full of all liabilities and subject to the prior rights to distributions of holders of outstanding shares of preferred stock, if any. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of FVCB common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to shareholders. There are no cumulative voting rights in the election of directors or preemptive rights to purchase additional shares of any class of FVCB s capital stock. Holders of FVCB common stock have no conversion or redemption rights. All of the outstanding shares of FVCB common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 FVCB s board of directors may, from time to time, by action of a majority, issue shares of the authorized, undesignated preferred stock in one or more classes or series. In connection with any such issuance, the Board may by resolution determine the designation, voting rights, conversion, dividend, or other special rights or powers, and the limitations, qualifications, and restrictions of such shares of preferred stock. The existence of shares of authorized, undesignated preferred stock would enable FVCB 
 1 

to meet possible contingencies or opportunities in which the issuance of shares of preferred stock may be advisable, such as in the case of acquisition or financing transactions. Having shares of preferred stock available for issuance gives FVCB flexibility in that it would allow it to avoid the expense and delay of calling a meeting of shareholders at the time the contingency or opportunity arises. Any issuance of preferred stock with voting rights or which is convertible into voting shares could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of FVCB common stock. 
 
 The existence of authorized shares of preferred stock could have the effect of rendering more difficult or discouraging hostile takeover attempts or of facilitating a negotiated acquisition. Such shares, which may be convertible into shares of common stock, could be issued to shareholders or to a third party in an attempt to frustrate or render a hostile acquisition more expensive. 
 
 Certain Provisions of FVCB s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. 
 
 Voting Requirements for Extraordinary Transactions. FVCB s articles of incorporation do not contain any provisions which would require a greater or lesser than normal vote of shareholders, or any provisions which impose special approval or other requirements on corporate transactions or other matters. In general, extraordinary transactions such as mergers, acquisitions, share exchanges and amendment of the articles of incorporation, would require approval by the holders of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Consideration of Other Constituencies. FVCB s articles of incorporation contain a provision which requires the board of directors, when evaluating any offer of another party, to (i) make a tender or exchange offer for its equity securities, (ii) merge or consolidate with another corporation, (iii) purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all of its properties and assets, or (iv) engage in any transaction similar to, or having similar effects as, any of the foregoing transactions to give due consideration to all relevant factors, including, without limitation, the social and economic effects of the proposed transaction on the depositors, employees, customers, and other constituents of FVCB and its subsidiaries and of the communities in which they operate or are located, the business reputation of the other party, and the board of directors evaluation of the then value of FVCB in a freely negotiated sale and of FVCB s future prospects as an independent entity. This provision, which requires the board to consider noneconomic factors, could be deemed to have an antitakeover effect. 
 
 Shareholder Action by Written Consent. Under FVCB s bylaws and the VSCA, any action that, under any provision of the VSCA, may be taken at a meeting of the shareholders, may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of all of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the matter. 
 
 Call of a Special Meeting of Shareholders. FVCB s bylaws provide that special meetings of shareholders may only be c alled by FVCB s board, by the chairman of the board or by FVCB s president. 
 
 Amendment of the Bylaws . FVCB s bylaws provide that, except where law or the articles of incorporation reserve the right for the shareholders, the bylaws may be amended or repealed, or new bylaws may be adopted by, the board of directors the affirmative vote of a majority of the board of directors. FVCB s articles of incorporation and Virginia law are silent on the reservation of the authority to amend the articles to the shareholders. 
 
 Elimination of Liability . FVCB s articles of incorporation provide that to the full extent that the VSCA permits the limitation or elimination of the liability of directors or officers, a director or officer of FVCB will not be liable to FVCB or its shareholders for monetary damages. In general, under the VSCA, a corporation may limit or eliminate a director s or an officer s personal liability for monetary damages in any proceeding brought by or in the right of a corporation or brought by or on behalf of shareholders, except for liability resulting from such director s or officer s willful misconduct or a knowing violation of criminal law or any federal or state securities law. 
 
 Advance Notice Provisions for Shareholder Nominations and Shareholder Proposals. FVCB s bylaws provide that shareholders must provide advance notice of any proposal or nomination for election 
 2 

as director which a shareholder desires to bring before a meeting of shareholders. Such requirements will be in addition to any requirements under SEC Rule 14a-8 for shareholder proposals sought to be included in FVCB s proxy materials. 
 
 Certain Provisions of Virginia Law 
 
 The VSCA contains provisions which could be deemed to have an antitakeover effect. The discussion of the following provisions is not exhaustive, and is not intended to imply that all material provisions of either the Articles of Incorporation or the VSCA are enumerated herein. 
 
 Affiliated Transactions. The VSCA contains provisions governing affiliated transactions. These include various transactions such as mergers, share exchanges, sales, leases, or other material dispositions of assets, issuances of securities, dissolutions, and similar transactions with an interested shareholder. An interested shareholder is generally the beneficial owner of more than 10 of any class of a corporation s outstanding voting shares. During the three years following the date a shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, any affiliated transaction with the interested shareholder must be approved by both a majority of the disinterested directors (those directors who were directors before the interested shareholder became an interested shareholder or who were recommended for election by a majority of disinterested directors) and by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the corporation s voting shares other than shares beneficially owned by the interested shareholder. These requirements do not apply to affiliated transactions if, among other things, a majority of the disinterested directors approve the interested shareholder s acquisition of voting shares making such a person an interested shareholder before such acquisition. Beginning three years after the shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, the corporation may engage in an affiliated transaction with the interested shareholder if 
 
 the transaction is approved by the holders of two-thirds of the corporation s voting shares, other than shares beneficially owned by the interested shareholder 
 
 the affiliated transaction has been approved by a majority of the disinterested directors or 
 
 subject to certain additional requirements, in the affiliated transaction the holders of each class or series of voting shares will receive consideration meeting specified fair price and other requirements designed to ensure that all shareholders receive fair and equivalent consideration, regardless of when they tendered their shares. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions. Under the VSCA s control share acquisitions law, voting rights of shares of stock of a Virginia corporation acquired by an acquiring person or other entity at ownership levels of 20 , 33 1 3 , and 50 of the outstanding shares may, under certain circumstances, be denied. The voting rights may be denied 
 
 unless conferred by a special shareholder vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote for directors, other than shares held by the acquiring person and officers and directors of the corporation or 
 
 among other exceptions, unless such acquisition of shares is made pursuant to an affiliation agreement with the corporation or the corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws permit the acquisition of such shares before the acquiring person s acquisition thereof. 
 
 If authorized in the corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws, the statute also permits the corporation to redeem the acquired shares at the average per share price paid for them if the voting rights are not approved or if the acquiring person does not file a control share acquisition statement with the corporation within 60 days of the last acquisition of such shares. If voting rights are approved for control shares comprising more than 50 of the corporation s outstanding stock, objecting shareholders may have the right to have their shares repurchased by the corporation for fair value. The provisions of the Affiliated Transactions Statute and the Control Share Acquisition Statute are only applicable to public corporations that have more than 300 shareholders. Corporations may provide in their articles of incorporation or bylaws to opt-out of the Control Share Acquisition Statute, but FVCB has not done so. 
 3 

4 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21>
 3
 fvcb-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of FVCBankcorp, Inc. 
 Name of Subsidiary State of Incorporation FVCbank Virginia 
 
 1 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 fvcb-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements (No. 333-228985 and No. 333-227470) on Form S-8 of FVCBankcorp, Inc. of our report dated March 24, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FVCBankcorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s YOUNT, HYDE & BARBOUR, P.C. 
 
 Winchester, Virginia 
 March 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 fvcb-20221231xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, David W. Pijor, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FVCBankcorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 24, 2023 
 s David W. Pijor David W. Pijor Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 fvcb-20221231xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jennifer L. Deacon, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FVCBankcorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 24, 2023 
 s Jennifer L. Deacon Jennifer L. Deacon Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 fvcb-20221231xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 STATEMENT OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of FVCBankcorp, Inc., I, David W. Pijor, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (a) the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (b) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries as of, and for, the periods presented in the Form 10-K. 
 Date March 24, 2023 
 s David W. Pijor David W. Pijor Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 fvcb-20221231xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 STATEMENT OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of FVCBankcorp, Inc., I, Jennifer L. Deacon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (a) the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (b) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries as of, and for, the periods presented in the Form 10-K. 
 Date March 24, 2023 
 s Jennifer L. Deacon Jennifer L. Deacon Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 fvcb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 fvcb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 fvcb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 fvcb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 fvcb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

