<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1281895_0001140361-23-009252.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12039429</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>518906</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1959645</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3682369</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3082662</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2354141</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-009252.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228173133
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-009252
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ROCKET PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001281895
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36829
		FILM NUMBER:		23687661

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 7530
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10118
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-440-9100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 7530
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INOTEK PHARMACEUTICALS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040226

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-009252.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 brhc10048995_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code)

) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
 pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
 reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
 complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the
 effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check
 mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that
 required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of
 the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately million, based upon the closing price on the
 NASDAQ Global Market reported for such date.

As of February 22, 2023, there were 
 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference

Part III of this annual report on Form 10-K incorporates by reference information (to the extent specific sections are referred to
 herein) from the registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ). The Proxy Statement will be filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the end
 of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Table of Contents 

PART I.

Page

Item 1.

Business 

5

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

32 

Item 1B.

Unresolved SEC Comments 

62 

Item 2.

Properties 

62 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

63 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

63 

PART II.

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

63 

Item 6.

Reserved 

64 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

64 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

73 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

73 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

73 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

73

Item 9B.

Other Information 

74 

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

74 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

74 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

74 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

74

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

75 

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

75 

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

77 

Signatures 

79 

2 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove
 incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. We make such forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
 Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words
 such as aim, anticipate, believe, can, contemplate, continue, could, design, estimate, expect, future, intend, likely, may, plan, potential, predict, project, pursue, seek, should, strategy, target, 
 will, would, or the negative of these words or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about:

our ability to meet our anticipated milestones for our various drug candidates with respect to the initiation and timing of clinical studies;

federal, state, and non-U.S. regulatory requirements, including regulation of our current or any other future product candidates by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA 

the timing of and our ability to submit regulatory filings with the FDA and to obtain and maintain FDA or other regulatory authority approval of, or other action with respect to, our product candidates;

our competitors activities, including decisions as to the timing of competing product launches, pricing and discounting;

whether safety and efficacy results of our clinical trials and other required tests for approval of our product candidates provide data to warrant progression of clinical trials, potential regulatory approval or further development
 of any of our product candidates;

our ability to develop, acquire and advance product candidates into, enroll a sufficient number of patients into, and successfully complete, clinical studies, and our ability to apply for and obtain regulatory approval for such
 product candidates, within currently anticipated timeframes, or at all;

our ability to establish key collaborations and vendor relationships for our product candidates and any other future product candidates;

our ability to develop our sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market any of our product candidates;

our ability to obtain additional funding to conduct our planned research and development efforts;

Our integration of an acquired business involves a number of risks, including the possibility that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees; the disruption of our ongoing business; or inconsistencies in
 standards, controls, procedures, or policies, in each case, that could adversely affect our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition.

our ability to successfully develop and commercialize any technology that we may in-license or products we may acquire;

unanticipated delays due to manufacturing difficulties, including the development of our direct manufacturing capabilities for our AAV programs, and any supply constraints or changes in the regulatory environment; our ability to
 successfully operate in non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we currently or in the future do business, including compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and laws;

uncertainties associated with obtaining and enforcing patents to protect our product candidates, and our ability to successfully defend ourselves against unforeseen third-party infringement claims;

anticipated trends and challenges in our business and the markets in which we operate;

natural and manmade disasters, including pandemics such as COVID-19, and other force majeures, which could impact our operations, and those of our partners and other participants in the health care industry, and which could adversely
 impact our clinical studies, preclinical research activities, and drug supply;

the impact of global economic and political developments on our business, including rising inflation and capital market disruptions, the current conflict in Ukraine, economic sanctions and economic slowdowns or recessions that may
 result from such developments which could harm our research and development efforts as well as the value of our common stock and our ability to access capital markets;

our estimates regarding our capital requirements; and

our ability to obtain additional financing and raise capital as necessary to fund operations or pursue business opportunities.

We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report.

Any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect our current views with respect to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
 factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual
 results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these
 forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future.

This Annual Report also contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for certain diseases, including data regarding the estimated size of those
 markets, and the incidence and prevalence of certain medical conditions. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events, or
 circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar
 data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources. Unless stated otherwise, references in this Annual Report to us, we, our, or our Company 
 and similar terms refer to Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

3 

Table of Contents 

SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should be aware of in evaluating our business. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following:

The outbreak of SARS-CoV-2, which causes COVID-19, has and may continue to adversely impact our business, including our preclinical and clinical studies.

If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market any of our product candidates, we may not be successful in commercializing those product candidates if and
 when they are approved.

If we fail to obtain additional funding to conduct our planned research and development efforts, we could be forced to delay, reduce, or eliminate our product development programs or commercial development efforts.

We have never generated any revenue from product sales and may never be profitable.

We may encounter substantial delays in commencement, enrollment or completion of our clinical trials or may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities, which could prevent us from
 commercializing our current and future product candidates on a timely basis, if at all.

If we have difficulty enrolling a sufficient number of patients to conduct our clinical trials as planned, we may need to delay, limit, or terminate planned clinical trials, the occurrence of any of which would harm our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

Initial or interim results in our ongoing clinical studies may not be indicative of results obtained when these studies are completed. Furthermore, success in early clinical studies may not be indicative of results obtained in later
 studies.

Even if we successfully complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, we cannot predict when, or if, we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize a product candidate and the approval may be for a narrower
 indication than we seek.

We may never obtain approval for any of our product candidates in the United States or the European Union, or other jurisdictions, which would limit our ability to realize our full market potential.

Even if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, we will remain subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory scrutiny.

Our product candidates may cause undesirable and unforeseen side effects or be perceived by the public as unsafe, which could delay or prevent their advancement into clinical trials or regulatory approval, limit the commercial
 potential or result in significant negative consequences.

We could experience production problems that result in delays in our development or commercialization programs, limit the supply of our products or otherwise harm our business.

We have limited experience in manufacturing, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully manufacture products.

Our manufacturing facilities are subject to significant government regulations and approvals, which are often costly and could result in adverse consequences to our business if we fail to comply with the regulations or maintain the
 approvals.

Our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates will substantially depend upon the availability of reimbursement funds for the costs of the resulting drugs and related treatments.

Even if approved, we may not successfully commercialize our product candidates.

We may not be successful in our efforts to expand our pipeline of additional product candidates.

The success of our research and development activities, clinical testing, and commercialization, upon which we primarily focus, is uncertain.

We expect to rely on third parties to conduct some or all aspects of our drug product manufacturing, research, and preclinical and clinical testing, and these third parties may not perform satisfactorily.

Our business could suffer if it loses the services of, or fails to attract, key personnel.

We may need to expand our organization and may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations.

Our employees, principal investigators, consultants, and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading which could
 harm our business.

Given our commercial relationships outside of the United States, in particular the European Union, a variety of risks associated with international operations could harm our business.

If we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate patent protection for products and related technology, our ability to successfully commercialize our products may be harmed.

If we breach our license agreements, it could have a material adverse effect on our commercialization efforts for our product candidates.

We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property.

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position may be harmed.

If we are unable to obtain or protect intellectual property rights related to our product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets.

We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of potential acquisitions or business combinations, such as the acquisition of Renovacor.

RTW Investments, LP, our largest stockholder, may have the ability to significantly influence matters submitted to stockholders for approval.

4 

Table of Contents 

The summary risk factors described above should be read together with the text of the full risk factors below and in the other information set forth in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial
 statements and the related notes, as well as in other documents that we file with the SEC. If any such risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and
 adversely affected. The risks summarized above or described in full elsewhere in this Annual Report are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial
 may also materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations.

PART I

Item 1. 

Business

Overview

We are a clinical-stage, multi-platform biotechnology company focused on the development of first, only and best-in-class gene therapies, with direct on-target mechanism of action and clear clinical endpoints,
 for rare and devastating diseases. We have three clinical-stage ex vivo lentiviral vector LV programs. These include programs for Fanconi Anemia FA ), a genetic defect in the bone marrow that reduces production of blood cells or promotes
 the production of faulty blood cells, Leukocyte Adhesion Deficiency-I LAD-I ), a genetic disorder that causes the immune system to malfunction and Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency PKD ), a rare red blood cell autosomal recessive disorder that
 results in chronic non-spherocytic hemolytic anemia. Of these, both the Phase 2 FA program and the Phase LAD-I program are in potentially registration-enabling studies in the United States U.S. and Europe EU ). Additional work on a gene
 therapy program for the less common FA subtypes C and G is ongoing. In the U.S., we also have a clinical stage in vivo adeno-associated virus AAV program for Danon disease, a multi-organ lysosomal-associated disorder leading to early death
 due to heart failure. The Danon program is currently in an ongoing Phase 1 trial. Additionally, we have an AAV vector program targeting Plakophilin-2 Arrhythmogenic Cardiomyopathy PKP2-ACM ), an inheritable cardiac disorder that is
 characterized by a progressive loss of cardiac muscle mass, severe right ventricular dilation, dysplasia, fibrofatty replacement of the myocardium and a high propensity to arrhythmias and sudden death. As a result of our acquisition of
 Renovacor, Inc. Renovacor ), we are now able to utilize recombinant AAV9-based gene therapy designed to slow or halt progression of BAG3 Dilated Cardiomyopathy DCM ), which is the most common form of cardiomyopathy and is characterized by
 progressive thinning of the walls of the heart resulting in enlarged heart chambers that are unable to pump blood. We have global commercialization and development rights to all of these product candidates under royalty-bearing license
 agreements.

Effective December 2021, a decision was made to no longer pursue Rocket-sponsored clinical evaluation of RP-L401; this program was returned to academic innovators. Although we believe that gene therapy may be
 beneficial to patients afflicted with this disorder, we have opted to focus available resources towards advancement of RP-A601, RP-A501, RP-L102, RP-L201, RP-L301, and BAG3-DCM based on the compelling clinical data to date and potential for
 therapeutic advancement in these severe disorders of childhood and young adulthood.

Gene Therapy Overview

Genes are composed of sequences of deoxyribonucleic acid DNA ), which provide the code for proteins that perform a broad range of physiologic functions in all living organisms. Although genes are passed on
 from generation to generation, genetic changes, also known as mutations, can occur in this process. These changes can result in the lack of production of proteins or the production of altered proteins with reduced or abnormal function, which
 can in turn result in disease.

Gene therapy is a therapeutic approach in which an isolated gene sequence or segment of DNA is administered to a patient, most commonly for the purpose of treating a genetic disease that is caused by genetic
 mutations. Currently available therapies for many genetic diseases focus on administration of large proteins or enzymes and typically address only the symptoms of the disease. Gene therapy aims to address the disease-causing effects of absent
 or dysfunctional genes by delivering functional copies of the gene sequence directly into the patient s cells, offering the potential for curing the genetic disease, rather than simply addressing symptoms.

We are using modified non-pathogenic viruses for the development of our gene therapy treatments. Viruses are particularly well suited as delivery vehicles because they are adept at penetrating cells and
 delivering genetic material inside a cell. In creating our viral delivery vehicles, the viral (pathogenic) genes are removed and are replaced with a functional form of the missing or mutant gene that is the cause of the patient s genetic
 disease. The functional form of a missing or mutant gene is called a therapeutic gene, or the transgene. The process of inserting the transgene is called transduction. Once a virus is modified by replacement of the viral genes with a
 transgene, the modified virus is called a viral vector. The viral vector delivers the transgene into the targeted tissue or organ (such as the cells inside a patient s bone marrow). We have two types of viral vectors in development, LV and
 AAV. We believe that our LV and AAV-based programs have the potential to offer a significant therapeutic benefit to patients that is durable (long-lasting).

The gene therapies can be delivered either (1) ex vivo (outside the body), in which case the patient s cells are extracted and the vector is delivered to these cells in
 a controlled, safe laboratory setting, with the modified cells then being reinserted into the patient, or (2) in vivo (inside the body), in which case the vector is injected directly into the patient,
 either intravenously IV or directly into a specific tissue at a targeted site, with the aim of the vector delivering the transgene to the targeted cells.

5 

Table of Contents 

We believe that scientific advances, clinical progress, and the greater regulatory acceptance of gene therapy have created a promising environment to advance gene therapy products as these products are being
 designed to restore cell function and improve clinical outcomes, which in many cases include prevention of death at an early age. The FDA approval of several gene therapies in recent years indicates that there is a regulatory pathway forward
 for gene therapy products.

Essential Terminology

Set forth below is an abbreviated index of certain key terms and optimal ranges of values used in the discussion of LV and AAV gene therapies.

Term

Definition

Optimal Ranges

LV Therapy (hematopoietic disorders)

CD34+ cell(s)

Hematopoietic Stem Cell (most CD34+ cells are not true stem cells, but this continues to be the most clinically useful measure)

Will depend on underlying disorder, generally > 1 million CD34+ cells/kg.

Vector copy number (VCN) [product]

The average number of gene copies per infused stem cell (as determined by DNA analysis; this is an average ratio, not a precise value)

0.5 to 2 has been target in some LV clinical studies (5.0 generally considered maximum)

Vector copy number (VCN) 

 [ in vivo , post-treatment]

The average number of gene copies per peripheral blood or bone marrow cell (as determined by DNA analysis; this is an average ratio, not a precise value)

Will depend on underlying disorder, but many disorders may be correctable with in vivo VCNs 

Pipeline Overview

The chart below shows the current phases of development of Rocket s programs and product candidates:

Cardiovascular Programs

Danon Disease

Danon disease DD is a multi-organ lysosomal-associated disorder leading to early death due to heart failure. DD is caused by mutations in the gene encoding lysosome-associated membrane
 protein 2 LAMP-2 ), a mediator of autophagy. This mutation results in the accumulation of autophagic vacuoles, predominantly in cardiac and skeletal muscle. Male patients often require heart transplantation and typically die in their teens or
 twenties from progressive heart failure. Along with severe cardiomyopathy, other DD-related manifestations can include skeletal muscle weakness and intellectual impairment. There are no specific therapies available for the treatment of DD and
 medications typically utilized for the treatment of congestive heart failure CHF are not believed to modify progression to end-stage CHF. Patients with end-stage CHF may undergo heart transplant, which currently is available to a minority
 of patients, is associated with significant short- and long-term complications and is not curative of the disorder in the long-term. RP-A501 is in clinical trials as an in vivo therapy for DD, which is
 estimated to have a prevalence of 15,000 to 30,000 patients in the U.S. and the EU.

6 

Table of Contents 

DD is an X-linked dominant, monogenic rare inherited disorder characterized by progressive cardiomyopathy which is almost universally fatal in males even in settings where cardiac transplantation
 is available. DD predominantly affects males early in life and is characterized by absence of LAMP2B expression in the heart and other tissues. Preclinical models of DD have demonstrated that
 AAV-mediated transduction of the heart results in reconstitution of LAMP2B expression and improvement in cardiac function.

We currently have one adeno-associated viral vector program targeting DD, RP-A501. We have treated seven patients in the RP-A501 Phase 1 clinical trial, which enrolled adult/older adolescent and
 pediatric male DD patients. This includes a first cohort evaluating a low-dose (6.7e13 genome copies (gc)/kilogram (kg)) in adult/older adolescent patients aged 15 or greater (n=3), a second cohort evaluating a higher dose (1.1e14 gc/kg) in
 adult/older adolescent patients aged 15 or greater (n=2), and a pediatric cohort at a low dose level (6.7e13 gc/kg; n=2). As previously disclosed, a patient receiving therapy on the high dose cohort (1.1e14 gc/kg dose) had progressive heart
 failure and underwent a heart transplant at month five following therapy. This patient had more advanced disease than the four other adult/older adolescent patients who received treatment in the low and high dose cohorts, as evidenced by
 diminished baseline left ventricle LV ejection fraction (35 on echocardiogram and markedly elevated LV filling pressure prior to treatment. The patient s clinical course was characteristic of DD progression. The patient is doing well
 post-transplant.

Based on the initial efficacy observed in the low dose cohort and to mitigate complement-mediated safety concerns observed in the high dose cohort (thrombotic microangiopathy TMA )) and in
 agreement with the FDA, we are focusing on the low dose (6.7e13 gc/kg) and we will no longer administer doses of 1.1e14 gc/kg or higher in this trial. Additional safety measures have been implemented and are reflected in the updated trial
 protocol. These measures include exclusion of patients with end-stage heart failure, and a refined immunomodulatory regimen involving transient B- and T-cell mediated inhibition, with emphasis on preventing complement activation, while also
 enabling lower steroid doses and earlier steroid taper, with all immunosuppressive therapy discontinued 2-3 months following administration of RP-A501.

We are conducting a variety of efficacy assessments in the Phase I clinical study to measure the prospect of benefit for patients. These assessments include the following:

New York Heart Association NYHA Functional Classification is the most commonly used heart failure classification system. NYHA Class II is where a patient exhibits a slight limitation of physical
 activity, is comfortable at rest, and ordinary physical activity results in fatigue, palpitation and/or dyspnea. Class I is where a patient exhibits no limitation of physical activity and ordinary physical activity does not cause undue
 fatigue, palpitation and/or dyspnea. Class III and IV are considered more severe or advanced heart failure.

Brain natriuretic peptide BNP is a blood-based evaluation and a key marker of heart failure with prognostic significance in CHF and cardiomyopathies. Elevations in BNP are strongly associated with
 worsening heart failure and poor outcomes in cardiovascular disease.

High sensitivity troponin I hsTnI is a blood-based evaluation and a key marker of cardiac injury, one that is (like BNP) frequently elevated in DD patients and has been shown to be markedly elevated
 in patients with advanced stage disease.

Echocardiographic measurements of heart thickness, most notably, left ventricular mass LVM and maximal left ventricular wall thickness MLVWT ), indicate the degree of hypertrophy present in the
 heart.

Kansas City Cardiovascular Questionnaire KCCQ is a validated, patient-reported outcomes assessment that measures a patients perception of their heart failure symptoms, impact of disease on physical
 and social function, and the impact of their heart failure on overall health status and quality of life. Assessment scores range from 0 (very poor health status) to 100 (excellent health status). Changes in KCCQ score of +/- 5 points
 are considered meaningful and have been shown to correlate with outcomes.

Histologic examination of endomyocardial biopsies via hematoxylin and eosin H E histology and electron microscopy is used to detect evidence of DD-associated tissue derangements, including the
 presence of autophagic vacuoles and disruption of myofibrillar architecture, each of which are characteristic of DD-related myocardial damage.

LAMP2B gene expression in endomyocardial biopsy samples is measured via both immunohistochemistry and Western blot and confirms the presence of LAMP2B protein in DD cardiac tissue following RP-A501
 treatment.

In May 2022 at the 25 th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy ASGCT we disclosed
 data from our Phase I study that included safety and efficacy updates from the three patients treated with the low dose of 6.7e13 gc/kg and from two patients treated with the higher dose of 1.1e14 gc/kg, and initial safety information from the
 two pediatric patients (pediatric cohort is age 8-14 years) treated with the low dose of 6.7e13 gc/kg.

7 

Table of Contents 

We reported that RP-A501 continued to be well-tolerated at 12-24 months post treatment in both the high and low-dose adult/older adolescent cohorts (age 15 years). As previously presented, there
 were no drug product related SAEs observed in the low dose (6.3e13 gc/kg) adult/older adolescent cohort. The most common adverse events were predominantly mild, not associated with clinical symptoms and were related to elevated transaminases
 post-treatment. Elevation in transaminases and creatinine kinases was observed in all three low-dose adult/older adolescent cohort patients and returned to baseline levels within the first one to two months post-treatment. There was also a
 transient and reversible decline in platelets observed in two of three of these patients. These changes were responsive to corticosteroids and other immunosuppressive therapies. Two patients in the low dose cohort and one patient in the high
 dose cohort experienced skeletal myopathy related to corticosteroid administration, which resolved with steroid taper. As disclosed in 2020, one patient in the high dose cohort (the same patient who later went to cardiac transplant as described
 above) experienced a non-persistent, immune-related event that was classified as a drug product-related serious adverse event. This TMA event (which was later reclassified as a Sudden Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction SUSAR was believed
 to be likely due to immune-mediated complement activation, resulting in reversible thrombocytopenia and acute kidney injury requiring eculizumab and transient hemodialysis. This patient received the highest absolute dose secondary to high
 baseline weight and the higher (1.1e14 gc/kg) dose level. The TMA resolved fully with supportive therapy and the patient regained normal kidney function within three weeks. The patient s progression to heart transplant is not associated with
 this event, but instead due to advanced DD at the time of treatment. Across the adult/older adolescent patients, no additional SAEs were observed following the first 2-4 months from treatment and all treatment-related adverse events were
 reversible with no lasting renal, hepatic or other sequelae. Initial safety assessment of the two pediatric patients showed normal-range platelets, diminished complement activation relative to the adult/older adolescent cohorts, and no
 complement-related adverse events. Corticosteroid taper commenced at day 10 following therapy for both pediatric patients and there was no significant worsening of the patients baseline DD-related skeletal myopathy during the weeks following
 RP-A501. Of note, transaminases and parameters of liver inflammation (including blood levels of gamma-glutamyl transferase, bilirubin and coagulation parameters) were not significantly increased during the weeks following therapy.

All 4 adult/older adolescent (age 15 years) patients with observed immunomodulatory regimen compliance and preserved (>40 left ventricular ejection fraction at baseline demonstrated
 disease modification across molecular, echocardiographic, and functional parameters. These patients demonstrated evidence of sustained cardiac LAMP2B expression by immunohistochemistry and reduced levels of autophagic vacuoles on histologic
 evaluation. Echocardiograms showed stabilized or decreased cardiac wall thickness with improved or stabilized ejection fraction in these patients. Patients in the adult/older adolescent cohorts demonstrated sustained improvement or
 stabilization in BNP and NYHA class, 6-minute walk test and reported increases in physical activity.

In September 2022, we presented interim data for the ongoing Phase 1 trial of RP-A501 at the Heart Failure Society of America HFSA meeting, including updated safety and initial efficacy parameters for the
 pediatric cohort and longer-term efficacy parameters for the low and high dose adult/older adolescent cohort (patients aged 15 and older; n=5) (data cut-off September 27, 2022). This data was also presented in November 2022 at the 75 th American Heart Association AHA Annual Meeting. During these presentations we provided incremental safety updates across cohorts. As previously outlined, RP-A501 was generally well tolerated at the 6.7e13 gc/kg dose level and no unexpected and serious drug product-related adverse events or severe adverse events were observed in both adult/older adolescent
 and pediatric low dose cohorts. All observed adverse effects at both doses were reversible and no lasting sequelae were observed with follow-up of 2-3 years from treatment for the adult/older adolescent cohort and 6-11 months for the
 pediatric cohort. Any early transaminase and creatinine kinase elevations returned to baseline or decreased, and any transient exacerbation of DD-associated skeletal myopathy resolved upon discontinuation of corticosteroid therapy. The
 updated safety data presented at HFSA in September 2022 and AHA in November 2022 reconfirmed that RP-A501 was generally well tolerated at the low dose with a manageable safety profile across pediatric and adult/older adolescent cohorts. 

In the pediatric cohort, an improvement in NYHA Class (from Class II to I) was reported in both patients after 6 and 9 months of follow-up post-RP-A501. In the adult/older adolescent cohorts, improvement in NYHA
 Class (from II to I) was observed in three patients (two low-dose and one high-dose) who had closely monitored immunomodulation and stabilization of NYHA Class was observed in one low-dose adult patient without a closely monitored
 immunomodulatory regimen. Substantial improvements (reductions) in BNP, a key marker of heart failure, were observed in both pediatric patients at 6 and 9 months of follow-up, with levels at these assessments less than 50 of baseline values.
 Improvements (reductions) in hsTnI, a key marker of myocardial injury, were observed in both pediatric patients at 6 and 9 months of follow-up, with levels at these assessments less than 20 of baseline values. In the adult/older adolescent
 cohorts, reductions in hsTnI were observed in three low-dose patients and one high-dose patient, with reductions greater than 50 of baseline levels identified in these four patients on at least one assessment, and reductions sustained through
 24-36 months of follow-up. Reductions in BNP of at least 25 below baseline values were identified in three low-dose patients and one high-dose patient on at least one assessment. In two of the adult/older adolescent patients, BNP levels were
 modestly above baseline at the most recent assessment; however baseline BNP levels were either within normal limits or mildly elevated for these two patients. In adult/older adolescent cohort patients with closely monitored immunomodulation
 (two low-dose and one high-dose) left ventricular (LV) posterior wall thickness improved (approximately 15-25 decrease compared to pretreatment baseline) and reductions in left ventricular mass were identified in four patients, including the
 patient in the low-dose cohort for whom immunomodulation was not closely monitored. Severe and progressive wall thickening is a hallmark of the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy of Danon disease and is a major contributor to early mortality in male
 patients. Evidence of sustained cardiac LAMP2B gene expression by immunohistochemistry with qualitative improvement of vacuoles and cardiac tissue architecture on standard H E and electron microscopy was observed at both dose levels in four
 of five patients in the adult/older adolescent cohorts and both patients in the pediatric cohort. Sustained cardiac LAMP2B gene expression by immunohistochemistry was observed in all three adult/older adolescent patients with a closely
 monitored immunomodulatory regimen through 24 months of follow-up. Importantly, genetic correction (as evidenced by myocardial vector copy numbers VCNs and LAMP2 protein expression were accompanied by reductions in the relative area of
 autophagic vacuoles relative to overall myocardial area, with decreases in this ratio of at least 20 relative to baseline identified in four adult/older adolescent cohort patients (three of whom had reductions of at least 50 ). Substantial
 reductions (>50 baseline) in vacuolar area were also identified in the one pediatric cohort patient for whom this parameter was evaluable at 6 months post-therapy. In addition to the improvements identified in NYHA Class, improvements in
 quality of life QOL as reported via the KCCQ were noted in three of the adult/older adolescent patients who had closely monitored immunomodulation, and both of the pediatric cohort patients; KCCQ score at baseline was 50 for the initial
 pediatric patient and was 93 at the most recent 9 month assessment; KCCQ score at baseline was 52 for the second pediatric patient and was 81 at a preliminary 3 month assessment.

8 

Table of Contents 

On December 22, 2022, we announced updates from our end-of-Phase 1 meeting with the FDA regarding RP-A501. During the meeting, we reviewed the positive Phase 1 dataset with the FDA and proposed a
 study design and endpoints for ongoing clinical development of the investigational gene therapy. Following discussions with the FDA, we anticipate proceeding with a dose of 6.7e13 GC/kg, and we anticipate utilizing a single arm open-label trial
 design with a robust natural history comparator, pursuant to the FDA s acknowledgment of the challenges associated with executing a randomized controlled trial in Danon Disease. The FDA has also expressed an openness to considering a
 biomarker-based composite endpoint supported by functional and quality-of-life assessments as measures of patient benefit. We look forward to continued dialogue with the FDA on the design for our proposed pivotal trial, including discussion of
 appropriate external controls for the study and appropriate endpoints to support accelerated approval. We are now in discussion with the FDA about a trial design that will enable evaluation of two pediatric patients treated with drug product
 manufactured at our in-house cGMP AAV facility as an initial component of a modestly sized global pivotal study.

On January 9, 2023, we presented additional positive efficacy updates from our Phase I study of RP-A501 during the 41 st Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference. The data presented included several additional months of follow-up, which showed further improvements in key
 biomarkers, echocardiographic and functional measures. A summary of these updates is provided in the table below. We also provided additional natural history comparator data, which showed the marked divergence of the course of Phase I
 patients from that of untreated patients in terms of key biomarkers (BNP) and functional measures (NYHA Class). Furthermore, RP-A501 continued to be well tolerated at 2-3 years post treatment in both adult /older adolescent high and low-dose cohorts and at 8 to 13 months in the pediatric cohort. In the pediatric cohort, no significant immediate or delayed toxicities, significant skeletal myopathy, or late transaminase elevations
 have been observed. 

Improvement or Stabilization Observed Across Key Biomarker, Echo Findings and Functional Measures in Phase 1 RP-A501 study

Darker Green = improved; Lighter Green = minimal change (stabilization)

Does not include pt 1007 in Ph1 trial who had advanced HF with EF 1 Patient 1008 echocardiographic parameters are M9 visit (M12 pending).

2 Patient 1002 NYHA class depicted for M30 visit (M36 pending).

3 Patient 1005 KCCQ score depicted for M24 visit (M30 pending).

In addition to these clinical updates, we also provided updates on our in-house manufacturing activities. We have successfully produced 2 cGMP RP-A501 batches that have superior specifications to
 Phase I material in both titer and full versus empty particles. We believe the improved quality of our in-house manufactured product will allow for full dosing with lower total viral particles, potentially further optimizing the safety profile
 of RP-A501. Furthermore, we have agreement from the FDA on the continued utilization of HEK-293 cell-based process through commercialization as well as our comparability approach and potency assay.

Results from the ongoing Phase 1 Danon Disease trial represent one of the most comprehensive investigational gene therapy datasets for any cardiac condition. RP-A501 was generally well tolerated
 with evidence of durable treatment activity and improvement of Danon Disease for both pediatric patients with up to nine months of follow-up and four adult/older adolescent patients with up to 36 months of follow-up. All adult/older adolescent
 and pediatric patients who received a closely monitored immunomodulatory regimen showed improvements across tissue, laboratory, and imaging-based biomarkers, as well as in NYHA class (from II to I) and KCCQ scores with follow-up of six to 36
 months.

9 

Table of Contents 

Anticipated Milestones

On February 7, 2023, we announced that RP-A501 received RMAT designation from the FDA. We are very encouraged by the highly collaborative ongoing dialogue with the FDA for RP-A501 in Danon
 Disease and subject to the continued dialogue and agreement with the FDA anticipate initiating the initial component of the global study in Q2 of 2023.

Plakophilin-2 Arrhythmogenic Cardiomyopathy (PKP2-ACM)

Arrhythmogenic cardiomyopathy ACM is an inheritable cardiac disorder that is characterized by a high propensity for arrhythmias and sudden death, a progressive loss of cardiac muscle mass, severe right
 ventricular dilation, dysplasia, and fibrofatty replacement of the myocardium. Most commonly, the cardiomyopathy initially manifests in the right ventricular free wall, so the disease was termed arrhythmogenic right ventricular
 dysplasia/cardiomyopathy (ARVD/ARVC). However, since left dominant and biventricular forms have also been observed, this has led more recently to the use of the term ACM. Mutations in the PKP2 gene comprise the most frequent genetically
 identified etiology of familial ACM. PKP2 encodes for the protein Plakophilin-2, which is a component of the desmosome, an intercellular complex involved in cell-cell adhesion. PKP2 is also involved in transcriptional regulation of calcium
 signaling between cardiomyocytes. Patients with mutations in PKP2 are typically heterozygous and demonstrate reduced expression of PKP2 in the myocardium. Mean presentation is at the age of 35, and patients have a very high lifetime risk of
 ventricular arrhythmias, structural ventricular abnormalities, and sudden cardiac death SCD ).

There are no specific available medical therapies available that have been shown to be highly effective for ACM, and current treatment protocols follow standard ventricular arrhythmia and cardiomyopathy
 guidelines, which involve lifestyle modifications (i.e. exercise limitation) and include drug treatments such as beta blockers, anti-arrhythmics and diuretics. The use of these therapies is driven by the arrhythmia burden and severity of
 cardiomyopathy. These therapies do not modify the course of the disease, and generally provide only symptomatic and/or palliative support. Upon diagnosis, a substantial percentage of patients receive an implantable cardiac defibrillator
 ICD for primary or secondary prevention of ventricular arrhythmias and SCD. Of note, ICDs are not curative, and breakthrough life-threatening arrythmias may persist with ongoing risk of death; ICDs furthermore do not prevent the
 progression to end-stage heart failure. ICD firings, although lifesaving, are physically and emotionally traumatic events. Patients whose condition progresses to end-stage heart failure are considered for cardiac transplantation which, while
 curative of underlying disease, is itself associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Hence there exists a high unmet medical need in this population. PKP2-ACM is estimated to have a prevalence of 50,000 patients in the US and EU.

We currently have one adeno-associated viral vector program targeting PKP2-ACM, RP-A601, which is a recombinant AAVrh.74 vector expressing PKP2a. PKP2-ACM is typically caused by heterozygous pathogenic
 mutations in the PKP2 gene resulting in reduced PKP2 expression in the myocardium. A once-administered gene therapy that addresses the root cause of the disease (PKP2 deficiency) early in the disease course, could mitigate the early
 electrical remodeling and diminish the risk of life-threatening arrhythmias and SCD associated with ACM, potentially impeding the development of irreversible cardiac structural changes. Prevention of syncopal episodes, life-threatening
 arrythmias, SCD, ICD shocks and the resulting anxiety, discomfort and hospitalizations is anticipated to result in a vastly improved quality of life and survival benefit. Furthermore, such an approach could spare patients the need for
 lifelong adherence to multiple arrhythmia and heart failure drugs that are nonspecific for PKP2-ACM and are associated with their own side effects, enabling patients an opportunity to live without exercise restrictions and with diminished
 concern for arrhythmias, palpitations, ICD shocks and progression to end-stage heart failure.

In nonclinical studies conducted by the Sponsor, RP-A601 has demonstrated efficacy in altering the natural history of PKP2-driven ACM. PKP2 cKO animals treated with the study drug have exhibited extended
 survival to the longest timepoint measured (5 months), reduced cardiac dilation and fibrofatty replacement / fibrosis of the myocardium, preserved LV function, and mitigation of the arrhythmic phenotype. Untreated PKP2 cKO mice had a median
 survival of approximately one month.

Anticipated Milestones

We have achieved pre-clinical proof-of-concept for RP-A601 in an animal model representative of PKP2-ACM, completed pharmacology and GLP toxicology studies, produced GMP drug product, and developed an
 appropriate potency assay to support a Phase I study. We anticipate filing an IND in Q2 of 2023.

BAG3 Dilated Cardiomyopathy

Dilated cardiomyopathy DCM is the most common form of cardiomyopathy and is characterized by progressive thinning of the walls of the heart resulting in enlarged heart chambers that are unable to pump
 blood. A familial association of DCM can be identified in 20-50 of DCM patients, with up to 40 of familial patients having an identifiable genetic cause. Mutations in the BAG3 gene (BCL-2-associated athanogene 3) are among the more common
 pathogenic genetic variants observed in familial DCM and these variants are highly penetrant, with approximately 80 of individuals with disease-causing genetic variants in the BAG3 gene developing DCM
 at > 40 years of age. BAG3 protein is associated with a variety of cellular functions including cardiac contractility, protein quality control (as a co-chaperone), cardiomyocyte structural support and anti-apoptosis. BAG3 associated
 dilated cardiomyopathy (BAG3-DCM) leads to early onset, rapidly progressing heart failure and significant mortality and morbidity. We estimate that the prevalence of BAG3 - associated DCM in the United
 States to be as many as 30,000 individuals.

10 

Table of Contents 

Currently, DCM patients with a BAG3 mutation are treated with the standard of care for heart failure, which include angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors, angiotensin
 receptor blockers, neprilysin inhibitors, beta-adrenergic receptor antagonists, or beta-blockers, aldosterone antagonists and/or diuretics, along with certain lifestyle changes, and do not address the underlying cause of disease. Patients who
 meet specific parameters may also undergo placement of an implantable cardioverter defibrillator, a cardiac resynchronization device or a combination of the two. There is no current therapy directly targeting the underlying mechanism of BAG3
 associated DCM, and patients diagnosed with BAG3 associated DCM appear to progress to end-stage heart failure and death more rapidly than patients with DCM not associated with BAG3 variants. For example, approximately 19 of patients with BAG3
 DCM require mechanical cardiac support, heart transplant, or have heart failure related death at 12 months after diagnosis, nearly twice the rate of similarly staged non-BAG3 DCM patients.

In December 2022 we completed our acquisition of Renovacor which provided Rocket with Renovacor s most advanced program, a recombinant AAV9-based gene therapy designed to deliver a fully functional BAG3 gene
 to augment BAG3 protein levels in cardiomyocytes and slow or halt progression of BAG3 DCM. Initial proof of concept for AAV9-BAG3 has been demonstrated in studies of BAG3-knockout mouse models, which show treated mice have improved ejection
 fraction versus untreated knockout mice and comparable ejection fraction to walk test controls at timepoints 4- and 6-weeks post injection.

Anticipated Milestones

We are in the process of evaluating the optimal development pathway for this program and plan to submit an IND for BAG3-DCM in the first half of 2024.

Hematology Programs

Fanconi Anemia Complementation Group A (FANCA)

FA, a rare and life-threatening DNA-repair disorder, generally arises from a mutation in a single FA gene. An estimated 60 to 70 of cases arise from mutations in the Fanconi-A FANCA gene,
 which is the focus of our program. FA results in bone marrow failure, developmental abnormalities, myeloid leukemia, and other malignancies, often during the early years and decades of life. Bone marrow aplasia, which is bone marrow that no
 longer produces any or very few red and white blood cells and platelets leading to infections and bleeding, is the most frequent cause of early morbidity and mortality in FA, with a median onset before 10 years of age. Leukemia is the next most
 common cause of mortality, ultimately occurring in about 20 of patients later in life. Solid organ malignancies, such as head and neck cancers, can also occur, although at lower rates during the first two to three decades of life.

Although improvements in allogeneic (donor-mediated) hematopoietic stem cell transplant HSCT ), currently the most frequently utilized therapy for FA, have resulted in more frequent hematologic
 correction of the disorder, HSCT is associated with both acute and long-term risks, including transplant-related mortality, graft versus host disease GVHD ), a sometimes fatal side effect of allogeneic transplant characterized by painful
 ulcers in the GI tract, liver toxicity and skin rashes, as well as increased risk of subsequent cancers. Our gene therapy program in FA is designed to enable a minimally toxic hematologic correction using a patient s own stem cells during the
 early years of life. We believe that the development of a broadly applicable autologous gene therapy can be transformative for these patients.

Each of our hematology programs utilize third-generation, self-inactivating lentiviral vectors to correct defects in patients HSCs, which are the cells found in bone marrow that are capable of
 generating blood cells over a patient s lifetime. Defects in the genetic coding of HSCs can result in severe, and potentially life-threatening anemia, which is when a patient s blood lacks enough properly functioning red blood cells to carry
 oxygen throughout the body. Stem cell defects can also result in severe and potentially life-threatening decreases in white blood cells resulting in susceptibility to infections, and in platelets responsible for blood clotting, which may result
 in severe and potentially life-threatening bleeding episodes. Patients with FA have a genetic defect that prevents the normal repair of genes and chromosomes within blood cells in the bone marrow, which frequently results in the development of
 acute myeloid leukemia AML ), a type of blood cancer, as well as bone marrow failure and congenital defects. The average lifespan of an FA patient is estimated to be 30 to 40 years. The prevalence of FA in the U.S. and EU is estimated to be
 approximately 4,000 patients in total. In light of the efficacy seen in non-conditioned patients, the addressable annual market opportunity is now believed to be 400 to 500 patients collectively in the U.S. and EU.

11 

Table of Contents 

We currently have one ex-vivo LV-based program targeting FA, RP-L102. RP-L102 is our lead lentiviral vector-based program that we in-licensed from Centro de Investigaciones Energ ticas,
 Medioambientales y Tecnol gicas CIEMAT ), which is a leading research institute in Madrid, Spain. RP-L102 is currently being studied in our Phase 2 registrational enabling clinical trials treating FA patients at the Center for Definitive and
 Curative Medicine at Stanford University School of Medicine Stanford ), the University of Minnesota, Great Ormond Street Hospital GOSH in London and Hospital Infantil de Nino Jesus HNJ in Spain. The trial has enrolled a total of ten
 patients from the U.S. and EU. Two additional patients were treated in the US Phase 1 study at Stanford such that a total of 12 patients have received RP-L102 on Rocket-sponsored clinical trials. Patients receive a single intravenous infusion
 of RP-L102 that utilizes fresh cells and Process B which incorporates a modified stem cell enrichment process, transduction enhancers, as well as commercial-grade vector and final drug product.

Resistance to mitomycin-C, a DNA damaging agent, in bone marrow stem cells at a minimum time point of one year post treatment is the primary endpoint for our ongoing Phase 2 study. Per agreement
 with the FDA and EMA, engraftment leading to bone marrow restoration exceeding a 10 mitomycin-C resistance threshold could support a marketing application for approval.

In December 2021, we presented encouraging clinical data at the 63 rd Annual Meeting of the American Society of
 Hematology ASH ). The preliminary results from the Phase 1/2 trials presented in a poster at ASH were from eleven pediatric patients and showed increasing evidence of engraftment in at least six of eight patients for whom there are at least
 12 months of follow-up, including bone marrow progenitor cell resistance to MMC ranging from 16-63 in six patients (bone marrow cells in FA patients are highly sensitive to DNA-damaging agents including MMC; this susceptibility to DNA damage
 is believed to mediate the FA-associated bone marrow failure and predisposition to malignancy. In addition to the development of MMC-resistance in BM hematopoietic cells, sustained peripheral VCN levels were seen in six of seven patients with
 at least 12-months of follow-up. One patient experienced an Influenza B infection approximately 9 months following treatment with concomitant progressive hematologic failure requiring allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant, which was
 administered successfully; the remaining patients have not required transfusions. RP-L102 demonstrated a highly favorable tolerability profile with all subjects being treated without cytotoxic conditioning and no signs of dysplasia. The only
 RP-L102 related serious adverse event to-date has been a Grade 2 transient infusion-related reaction in one patient.

In May 2022, we presented topline data for RP-L102 at ASGCT s 25 th Annual Meeting. Five of nine evaluable
 patients as of the April 4, 2022 cut-off date had increased resistance to MMC in bone marrow-derived colony forming cells, ranging from 21 to 42 at 12 to 18 months, increasing to 51 to 94 at 18 21 months. The primary endpoint has been
 achieved, based on a trial protocol in which statistical and clinical significance requires a minimum of five patients to attain increased MMC resistance at least 10 above baseline at two or more timepoints, and concomitant evidence of
 genetic correction and clinical stabilization. A sixth patient has displayed evidence of progressively increasing genetic correction as evidenced by peripheral VCN. Three additional patients were less than 12 months post-treatment at the time
 of presentation. One patient had progressive bone marrow failure following therapy and underwent successful allogeneic transplant as previously disclosed. The tolerability profile of RP-L102 appears favorable with no signs of dysplasia,
 clonal dominance or oncogenic integrations; as previously reported, one patient experienced a Grade 2 transient infusion-related reaction, which resolved.

In October 2022, we presented data for RP-L102 at the European Society for Cell and Gene Therapy 29 th 
 Annual Meeting, including the clinical activity results presented at the ASGCT 2022 meeting. We also disclosed at least one of the additional three patients in our Phase 2 trial of RP-L102 for FA for whom there is less than 12 months of
 follow-up has demonstrated initial evidence of engraftment (as demonstrated by bone marrow mitomycin-C resistance and VCN in blood and bone marrow) at levels comparable to those seen in the five patients for whom there is longer-term evidence
 of progressive engraftment and phenotypic correction. We also disclosed that one of the initial five patients in this trial who had evidence of engraftment developed a T-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma approximately 22 months after RP-L102
 administration. A surgical biopsy of the lymphoma indicated negligible gene markings (VCN of 0.003) at a juncture when concomitant VCN in blood and bone marrow were 0.26 and 0.42 respectively. These findings conclusively indicate that the
 lymphoma did not result from a LV-mediated insertion, as there were essentially no gene markings in the tumor (the very low but detectable VCN is likely the result of blood cells in the tumor specimen). FA is a cancer-predisposition syndrome
 and cancers may develop in patients under the age of 10. Importantly, the patient tolerated induction chemotherapy for the lymphoma without significant complications and is currently in a complete response. The presence of gene-corrected
 hematopoietic cells may have contributed to this patient s overall tolerance of chemotherapy.

In December 2022, we presented positive clinical data for RP-L102 at the 64 th Annual Meeting of ASH.
 RP-L102 conferred phenotypic correction in at least six of 10 evaluable patients with 12 months of follow-up as demonstrated by increased resistance to MMC in bone marrow derived colony forming cells, concomitant genetic correction and
 hematologic stabilization. A seventh patient has displayed evidence of progressively increasing genetic correction as demonstrated by peripheral blood and bone marrow VCN s, with recent development of MMC resistance and possible indicators of
 hematologic stability after 36 months of follow-up. The primary endpoint has been achieved, based on a trial protocol in which statistical and clinical significance requires a minimum of five patients to attain increased MMC resistance at
 least 10 above baseline at two or more timepoints and concomitant evidence of genetic correction and clinical stabilization. The safety profile of RP-L102 has been highly favorable, and the treatment, administered without any cytotoxic
 conditioning, has been well tolerated. No signs of bone marrow dysplasia, clonal dominance or insertional mutagenesis related to RP-L102 have been observed.

12 

Table of Contents 

Anticipated Milestones

Based on achievement of the primary endpoint as defined in our pivotal Phase 2 study for FA, we have initiated FDA dialogue around biologics license application BLA filing plans for RP-L102 for the treatment
 of FA and anticipate making such filing in Q4 of 2023.

Leukocyte Adhesion Deficiency-I (LAD-I)

LAD-I is a rare autosomal recessive disorder of white blood cell adhesion and migration, resulting from mutations in the ITGB2 gene encoding for the Beta-2 Integrin component, CD18. Deficiencies
 in CD18 result in an impaired ability for neutrophils (a subset of infection-fighting white blood cells) to leave blood vessels and enter tissues where these cells are needed to combat infections. As is the case with many rare diseases,
 accurate estimates of incidence are difficult to confirm; however, several hundred cases have been reported to date. Most LAD-I patients are believed to have the severe form of the disease. Severe LAD-I is notable for recurrent,
 life-threatening infections and substantial infant mortality in patients who do not receive an allogeneic HSCT. Mortality for severe LAD-I has been reported as 60 to 75 by age two in the absence of allogeneic HCST.

We currently have one ex -vivo program targeting LAD-I, RP-L201. RP-L201 is a clinical program that we in-licensed from CIEMAT. We have partnered with
 UCLA to lead U.S. clinical development efforts for the LAD-I program. UCLA and its Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regenerative Medicine and Stem Cell Research is serving as the lead U.S. clinical research center for the registrational clinical
 trial for LAD-I, and HNJ and GOSH serving as the lead clinical sites in Spain and London, respectively. This study has received a 6.6 million CLIN2 grant award from the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine CIRM to support the
 clinical development of gene therapy for LAD-I.

The open-label, single-arm, Phase 1/2 registration-enabling clinical trial of RP-L201 has treated nine severe LAD-I patients to assess the safety and tolerability of RP-L201
 to date. The first patient was treated at UCLA with RP-L201 in the third quarter of 2019. Enrollment is now complete in both the Phase 1 and 2 portions of the study; nine patients have received RP-L201 at 3 investigative centers in the U.S. and
 Europe.

In December 2021, we presented positive clinical data at the 63rd Annual Meeting of ASH. The ASH oral presentation included preliminary data from eight of nine severe LAD-I patients, as defined
 by CD18 expression of less than 2 , who received RP-L201 treatment as of the November 8, 2021, data cut-off date. Eight patients had follow-up data of at least three months, and four of the eight patients had been followed for 12 months or
 longer. All infusions of RP-L201 were well tolerated and no drug product-related serious adverse events were reported. Evidence of preliminary efficacy was observed in all eight evaluable patients. All eight patients demonstrated neutrophil
 CD18 expression that exceeded the 4-10 threshold associated with survival into adulthood and consistent with reversal of the severe LAD-I phenotype including six patients with at least 6 months of follow-up. Peripheral blood VCN levels have
 been stable and in the 0.54 2.94 copies per genome range. No patients had LAD-I related infections requiring hospitalization after hematopoietic reconstitution post-RP-L201. Additional updates presented in January 2022 included a ninth
 patient achieving CD18 expression of 61 at 3 months, with the preliminary observation that all nine of nine patients have demonstrated 26 to 87 CD18 expression at timepoints ranging from 3 to 24 months following RP-L102, with stable CD18
 expression levels for each patient subsequent to month 3.

In May 2022, we presented updated data at ASGCT s 25th Annual Meeting. The presentation included efficacy and safety interim data at three to 24 months of follow-up after infusion for all nine
 treated patients and overall survival data, including survival data for the seven patients with at least 12 months of follow-up after infusion as of the March 9, 2022 cut-off date. All patients, aged three months to nine years, demonstrated
 sustained CD18 restoration and expression on more than 10 of neutrop hils (range: 20 -87 , median: 56 ). At one year, the overall survival without allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation across the cohort is 100 based on the
 Kaplan-Meier estimate. As of the data cut-off, all nine patients are alive and clinically stable. All patients demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in the rate of all-cause hospitalizations and severe infections, relative to
 pre-treatment. Evidence of resolution of LAD-I-related skin rash and restoration of wound repair capabilities has been shown along with sustained phenotypic correction. The tolerability profile of RP-L201 has been highly favorable in all
 patients with no RP-L201-related adverse events. Adverse events related to other study procedures, including busulfan conditioning, have been previously disclosed and consistent with the tolerability profiles of those agents and procedures.

In December 2022, we presented positive clinical data at the 64 th Annual Meeting of ASH. The presentation
 included previously disclosed top-line data at three to 24 months of follow-up after RP-L201 infusion for all patients and overall survival data for seven patients at 12 months or longer after infusion. We observed 100 overall survival at 12
 months post-infusion via Kaplan Meier estimate and a statistically significant reduction in all hospitalizations, infection and inflammatory-related hospitalizations and prolonged hospitalizations for all nine LAD-I patients with three to 24
 months of available follow-up. Data also shows evidence of resolution of LAD-I-related skin rash and restoration of wound repair capabilities. The safety profile of RP-L201 has been highly favorable in all patients with no RP-L201-related
 serious adverse events to date.

13 

Table of Contents 

Anticipated Milestones

Based on the positive efficacy and safety data from the Phase 2 pivotal LAD-I trial, w e have initiated discussions with the FDA on BLA filing plans for RP-L201 for the
 treatment of severe LAD-I and anticipate making such filing in Q2 of 2023.

Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency (PKD)

Red blood cell PKD is a rare autosomal recessive disorder resulting from mutations in the pyruvate kinase L/R PKLR gene encoding for a component of the red blood cell RBC glycolytic
 pathway. PKD is characterized by chronic non-spherocytic hemolytic anemia, a disorder in which RBCs do not assume a normal spherical shape and are broken down, leading to decreased ability to carry oxygen to cells, with anemia severity that can
 range from mild (asymptomatic) to severe forms that may result in childhood mortality or a requirement for frequent, lifelong RBC transfusions. The pediatric population is the most commonly and severely affected subgroup of patients with PKD,
 and PKD often results in splenomegaly (abnormal enlargement of the spleen), jaundice and chronic iron overload which is likely the result of both chronic hemolysis and the RBC transfusions used to treat the disease. The variability in anemia
 severity is believed to arise in part from the large number of diverse mutations that may affect the PKLR gene. Estimates of disease incidence have ranged between 3.2 and 51 cases per million in the white U.S. and EU population. Industry
 estimates suggest at least 2,500 cases in the U.S. and EU have already been diagnosed despite the lack of FDA-approved molecularly targeted therapies. Market research indicates the application of gene therapy to broader populations could
 increase the market opportunity from approximately 250 to 500 patients per year.

We currently have one ex -vivo LV-based program targeting PKD, RP-L301. RP-L301 is a clinical stage program that we in-licensed from
 CIEMAT. The IND for RP-L301 to initiate the global Phase 1 study cleared in October 2019. This program has been granted US and EMA orphan drug disease designation.

This global Phase 1 open-label, single-arm, clinical trial is expected to enroll four to five adult and pediatric PKD patients in the U.S. and Europe. The trial will be comprised of two cohorts
 to assess RP-L301 in pediatric (age 8-17) and adult populations. The trial is designed to assess the safety, tolerability, and preliminary activity of RP-L301, and initial safety evaluation will occur in the adult cohort before evaluation in
 pediatric patients. Stanford will serve as the lead site in the U.S. for adult and pediatric patients, HNJ will serve as the lead site in Europe for pediatrics, and Hospital Universitario Fundaci n Jim nez D az will serve as the lead site in
 Europe for adult patients. In July 2020, we treated the first patient in our clinical trial of RP-L301.

In December 2021, we presented positive clinical data at the 63 rd Annual Meeting of ASH. The ASH poster
 presentation included preliminary data from two adult patients with severe anemia and substantial transfusion requirements who were treated as of the November 3, 2021 cut-off date. Each of these patients had experience extensive PKD-related
 disease complications including hepatic iron overload. Both patients have had marked improvement in hemoglobin levels, from baselines of 7.4 and 7.0 g/dL to 12-month values of 13.3 and 14.8 g/dL respectively; this represents an improvement from
 severe (Hb 

In May 2022, we presented updated data at the 25 th Annual Meeting of the ASGCT. The presentation included
 data from two adult patients with severe or transfusion-dependent anemia as of the April 13, 2022 cut-off date. At 18 months post-infusion, both patients had sustained transgene expression, normalized hemoglobin, improved hemolysis, no red
 blood cell transfusion requirements post-engraftment and improved QOL both reported anecdotally and as documented via formal QOL assessments. The tolerability profile of RP-L301 appears favorable , with no RP-L-301-related serious adverse
 events through 18 months post-infusion. Transient transaminase elevation was seen in both patients post-therapy/conditioning, with no clinical stigmata of liver injury and subsequent resolution without clinical sequelae. The pediatric cohort
 is currently enrolling.

In December 2022, we presented positive clinical data at the 64 th Annual Meeting of ASH. The presentation included
 positive updated data from two adult patients with significant anemia. At 24 months post-infusion, both patients have robust and sustained efficacy demonstrated by normalized hemoglobin (from baseline levels in the 7.0-7.5 g/dL range), improved
 hemolysis parameters, independence from red blood cell transfusions and improved quality of life both reported anecdotally and as documented via formal quality of life assessments. The safety profile appears highly favorable, with no
 RP-L301-related serious adverse events through 24 months post-infusion in both adult patients. Insertion site analyses in peripheral blood and bone marrow in both adult patients up to 12 months post-RP-L301 demonstrated highly polyclonal
 patterns and there has been no evidence of insertional mutagenesis.

Anticipated Milestones

Enrollment in the PKD adult and pediatric cohort is completed in the Phase 1 study. Initiation of the phase 2 pivotal trial is anticipated in Q4 of 2023.

14 

Table of Contents 

cGMP Manufacturing

Our new, 103,720 square foot manufacturing facility in Cranbury, New Jersey has been scaled up to manufacture AAV drug product for a planned Phase 2 pivotal study in Danon disease. The facility also houses lab
 space for research development and quality. We reached an understanding with the FDA on chemistry, manufacturing, and controls requirements to start AAV cGMP manufacturing at our in-house facility as well as potency assay plans for a
 Phase 2 pivotal trial in Danon disease. To further strengthen our manufacturing and commercial capabilities during 2022, we appointed Mayo Pujols, one of the most seasoned cell and gene therapy technical operations and manufacturing leaders in
 the industry, as our Chief Technical Officer.

Strategy

We seek to bring hope and relief to patients with devastating, undertreated, rare pediatric diseases through the development and commercialization of potentially curative first-in-class gene
 therapies. To achieve these objectives, we intend to develop into a fully-integrated biotechnology company. In the near and medium-term, we intend to develop our first-in-class product candidates, which are targeting devastating diseases with
 substantial unmet need, develop proprietary in-house analytics and manufacturing capabilities and continue to commence registration trials for our currently planned programs. In the medium and long-term, pending favorable data, we expect to
 submit BLAs for the rest of our suite of clinical programs, and establish our gene therapy platform and expand our pipeline to target additional indications that we believe to be potentially compatible with our gene therapy technologies. In
 addition, during that time, we believe that our currently planned programs will become eligible for priority review vouchers from the FDA that provide for expedited review. We have assembled a leadership and research team with expertise in cell
 and gene therapy, rare disease drug development and product approval.

We believe that our competitive advantage lies in our disease-based selection approach, a rigorous process with defined criteria to identify target diseases. We believe that
 this approach to asset development differentiates us as a gene therapy company and potentially provides us with a first-mover advantage.

Intellectual Property

We strive to protect and enhance the proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business, including seeking, maintaining,
 and defending patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties. We also rely on trade secrets relating to our proprietary technology platform and on know-how, continuing technological innovation and in-licensing
 opportunities to develop, strengthen and maintain our proprietary position in the field of gene therapy that may be important for the development of our business. We additionally intend to rely on regulatory protection afforded through orphan
 drug designations, data exclusivity, market exclusivity, and patent term extensions where available.

Our commercial success may depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary protection for commercially important technology, inventions and know-how related to our business;
 defend and enforce our patents; preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets; and operate without infringing the valid enforceable patents and proprietary rights of third parties. Our ability to stop third parties from making, using,
 selling, offering to sell or importing its future products may depend on the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets that cover these activities. With respect to both licensed and company-owned
 intellectual property, we cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing
 patents or any patents that may be granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our commercial products and methods of manufacturing the same.

We have developed and in-licensed numerous patents and patent applications and possess substantial know-how and trade secrets relating to the development and commercialization of gene therapy products. Our
 proprietary intellectual property, including patent and non-patent intellectual property, is generally directed to gene expression vectors and methods of using the same for gene therapy. As of February 22, 2023, our patent portfolio includes
 both owned and in-licensed patent families relating to our product candidates and related technologies, discussed more fully below.

Fanconi Anemia

Our Fanconi Anemia patent portfolio includes granted patents in Australia and Japan and pending applications in the U.S., Europe, Japan, China and other countries with claims directed to polynucleotide cassettes
 and expression vector compositions containing Fanconi Anemia complementation group genes and methods for using such vectors to provide gene therapy in mammalian cells for treating Fanconi Anemia. These applications were exclusively in-licensed
 from CIEMAT, Centro de Investigacion Biomedica En Red, CIBER ), Fundacion Instituto de investigacion Sanitaria Fundacion Jimenez Diaz, FIISFJD ), and Fundacion Para la Investigacion Biomedica del Hospital Del Nino Jesus. We expect any
 patents in this family, if issued, and if the appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees are paid, to expire in 2037, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions.

15 

Table of Contents 

Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency (PKD)

Our PKD patent portfolio includes granted patents in Europe, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, and the United States and a pending patent application in the U.S., EU, Japan, China and other countries
 with claims directed to polynucleotide cassettes and expression vector compositions containing pyruvate kinase genes and methods for using such vectors to provide gene therapy in mammalian cells for treating pyruvate kinase deficiency. These
 applications are exclusively in-licensed from CIEMAT, CIBER, and FIISFJD. We expect any patents in this portfolio, if issued, and if the appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees are paid, to expire in 2037-2038,
 absent any patent term adjustments or extensions.

Danon Disease

Our Danon disease patent portfolio includes both proprietary intellectual property and a patent family in-licensed from the University of California, San Diego, which includes patent applications in the U.S.,
 Europe, Japan, China and other countries with claims directed to the treatment of Danon disease. We expect any patents in this portfolio, if issued, and if the appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees are paid, to
 expire in 2037 absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. We also own a U.S. patent and pending patent application in the EU, Japan, China and other countries with claims directed to gene therapy vectors for the treatment of Danon
 disease; the U.S. patent issued in 2020. Any patents, if issued, arising from these patent applications, are expected to expire in 2039, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions, if the appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or
 other governmental fees are paid. We have also filed additional patent applications directed to methods for treatment of Danon disease. Any patents, if issued, arising from these patent applications, are expected to expire in 2040-2041, absent
 any patent term adjustments or extensions, if the appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees are paid.

Leukocyte Adhesion Deficiency (LAD-I)

Our patent portfolio includes pending patent applications in the U.S., EU, Japan, China and other countries with claims directed to transduction of allogeneic HSCT, which may be relevant to our LAD-I program. We
 expect any patents arising from these patent applications, if issued, and if the appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees are paid, to expire in 2039, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions.

Our objective is to continue to expand its portfolio of patents and patent applications in order to protect our gene therapy product candidates and manufacturing processes. From time to time, we may also
 evaluate opportunities to sublicense our portfolio of patents and patent applications that we own or exclusively license, and we may enter into such licenses from time to time. The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the
 patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the date of filing the non-provisional application. In the U.S., a patent s term may be lengthened by patent term
 adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in granting a patent or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over an earlier-filed patent.

The term of a patent that covers an FDA-approved drug may also be eligible for patent term extension, which permits patent term restoration of a U.S. patent as compensation for the patent term lost during the
 FDA regulatory review process. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent. The length of the patent term extension is related to the length of time the drug is under regulatory
 review. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and only one patent applicable to an approved drug may be extended. Moreover, a patent can only be
 extended once, and thus, if a single patent is applicable to multiple products, it can only be extended based on one product. Similar provisions are available in Europe and other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers
 an approved drug. When possible, depending upon the length of clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of a BLA, we expect to apply for patent term extensions for patents covering our product candidates and their methods of use.

We may rely, in some circumstances, on trade secrets to protect our technology. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by
 entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors and third parties. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of its
 premises and physical and electronic security of its information technology systems. While we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached, and we may not have adequate
 remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our consultants or collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in their work for
 us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions.

16 

Table of Contents 

Material Contracts

License Agreements with CIEMAT

In March 2016, we entered into a license agreement with CIEMAT, CIBER, and FIISFJD, (collectively, CIEMAT ), granting us worldwide, exclusive rights to certain patents, know-how and other intellectual property
 relating to lentiviral vectors containing the human PKLR gene solely within the field of treating PKD. Under the terms of the agreement, we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to (a) develop and obtain regulatory approval for
 one or more products or processes covered by the licensed intellectual property, introduce such products or processes into the commercial market and then make them reasonably available to the public (b) develop or commercialize at least one
 product or process covered by the licensed intellectual property in at least one country for at least two uninterrupted years following regulatory approval, and (c) use the licensed intellectual property in an adequate, ethical and legitimate
 manner. In exchange for the license, we are obligated to pay CIEMAT an up-front payment, royalty payments based on net sales of products or processes involving any of the licensed intellectual property, developmental and regulatory milestone
 payments, and sublicense revenue payments. We are responsible for prosecuting and maintaining the licensed patents at our expense, in cooperation with CIEMAT. We also have the first responsibility to enforce and defend the licensed patents
 against infringement and/or challenge, in cooperation with CIEMAT. For five years following the effective date of the license agreement, we had a right of first refusal to license any improvements to the licensed intellectual property obtained
 by CIEMAT at market value. We are obligated to license (without charge) to CIEMAT for non-commercial use any improvements to the licensed intellectual property that we create.

As consideration for the licensed rights, we paid CIEMAT an initial upfront license fee of 0.03 million (approximately 0.03 million) which was expensed as research and development R D costs. We are
 obligated to make aggregate milestone payments of up to 1.4 million (approximately 1.5 million) to CIEMAT upon the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. With respect to any commercialized products covered by the PKD
 license, we are obligated to pay a low to mid-single digit percentage royalty on net sales, subject to specified adjustments, by us or our sublicensees or affiliates. In the event that we enter into a sublicense agreement with a sublicensee, we
 will be obligated to pay a portion of any consideration received from such sublicensees in specified circumstances.

We may terminate this agreement at any time by providing CIEMAT with 90 days advance notice. The license is in effect for a duration for each of the countries defined in this agreement for as long as a license
 right exists that covers the licensed product or process in such country, or until the end of any additional legal protection that should be obtained for the license rights in each country.

In July 2016, we entered into a license agreement with CIEMAT granting us worldwide, exclusive rights to certain patents, know-how, data and other intellectual property relating to lentiviral vectors containing
 the FA-A gene solely within the field of human therapeutic uses of VSV-G packaged integration component lentiviral vectors for FA type-A gene therapy. This license is only sublicensable with the prior consent of CIEMAT, not to be unreasonably
 withheld. Under the terms of the agreement, we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to (a) develop and obtain regulatory approval for one or more products or processes covered by the licensed intellectual property, introduce
 such products or processes into the commercial market and then make them reasonably available to the public (b) develop or commercialize at least one product or process covered by the licensed intellectual property in at least one country for
 at least two uninterrupted years following regulatory approval, and (c) use the licensed intellectual property in an adequate, ethical and legitimate manner. In exchange for the license, we are obligated to pay CIEMAT an up-front payment,
 royalty payments based on net sales of products or processes involving any of the licensed intellectual property, regulatory and financing milestone payments, and sublicense revenue payments. We are responsible for prosecuting and maintaining
 the licensed patents at our expense, in cooperation with CIEMAT. We also have the first responsibility to enforce and defend the licensed patents against infringement and/or challenge, in cooperation with CIEMAT. For five years following the
 effective date of the license agreement, we have a right of first refusal to license any improvements to the licensed intellectual property obtained by CIEMAT at market value. We are obligated to license (without charge) to CIEMAT for
 non-commercial use any improvements to the licensed intellectual property that we create.

As consideration for the licensed rights, we paid CIEMAT an initial upfront license fee of 0.1 million (approximately 0.1 million), which was expensed as R D costs. We are obligated to make aggregate
 milestone payments of up to 5.0 million (approximately 6.0 million) to CIEMAT upon the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. With respect to any commercialized products covered by the license, we are obligated to pay
 a mid-single digit percentage royalty on net sales, subject to specified adjustments, by us or our sublicensees or affiliates. In the event that we enter into a sublicense agreement with a sublicensee, we will be obligated to pay a portion of
 any consideration received from such sublicensees in specified circumstances.

We may terminate this agreement at any time by providing CIEMAT with 90 days advance notice. The license is in effect for a duration for each of the countries defined in this agreement for as long as a license
 right exists that covers the licensed product or process in such country, or until the end of any additional legal protection that should be obtained for the license rights in each country.

License Agreement for LAD-I with CIEMAT and UCLB

We entered into a license agreement in November 2017, effective September 2017, with CIEMAT and UCL Business PLC UCLB ), collectively referred to as Licensors ), granting us worldwide, exclusive rights to
 certain patents, know-how and other intellectual property relating to lentiviral vectors containing the human LAD-I gene solely within the field of treating LAD-I. Under the terms of the agreement, we are obligated to use commercially
 reasonable efforts to (a) develop and obtain regulatory approval for one or more products or processes covered by the licensed intellectual property, introduce such products or processes into the commercial market and then make them reasonably
 available to the public, (b) develop or commercialize at least one product or process covered by the licensed intellectual property in at least one country for at least two uninterrupted years following regulatory approval, and (c) use the
 licensed intellectual property in an adequate, ethical and legitimate manner. In exchange for the license, we are obligated to pay Licensors an up-front payment, royalty payments in the mid-single digit percentages based on net sales of
 products or processes involving any of the licensed intellectual property, developmental and regulatory milestone payments, and sublicense revenue payments. We are responsible for prosecuting and maintaining the licensed patents at our expense,
 in cooperation with Licensors. We also have the first responsibility to enforce and defend the licensed patents against infringement and/or challenge, in cooperation with Licensors. For five years following the effective date of the license
 agreement, we have a right of first refusal to license any improvements to the licensed intellectual property obtained by Licensors at market value. We are obligated to license (without charge) to Licensors for non-commercial use any
 improvements to the licensed intellectual property that we create.

17 

Table of Contents 

As consideration for the licensed rights, we paid Licensors an initial upfront license fee of 0.03 million (approximately 0.04 million), which was expensed as R D costs. We are obligated to make aggregate
 payments of up to 1.4 million (approximately 1.5 million) to Licensors upon the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. With respect to any commercialized products covered by the LAD-I license, we are obligated to pay
 a mid-single digit percentage royalty on net sales, subject to specified adjustments, by us or our sublicensees or affiliates. In the event that we enter into a sublicense agreement with a sublicensee, we will be obligated to pay a portion of
 any consideration received from such sublicensees in specified circumstances.

We may terminate this agreement at any time by providing the Licensors with 90 days advance notice. The license is in effect for a duration for each of the countries defined in this
 agreement for as long as a license right exists that covers the licensed product or process in such country, or until the end of any additional legal protection that should be obtained for the license rights in each country.

License Agreement for Danon Disease with UCSD

In February 2017, we entered into a license agreement with The Regents of the University of California, represented by its San Diego campus UCSD ), under which UCSD granted us an exclusive, sublicensable,
 worldwide license to certain intellectual property rights for the treatment of lysosomal storage diseases, including Danon disease. In exchange for the license, we became obligated to make an up-front payment, certain clinical and commercial
 milestone payments, royalty payments (on net sales of products covered by a valid claim within the licensed intellectual property), maintenance fees and sublicense revenue payments. Rocket paid an upfront license fee of 0.05 million. We are
 obligated to make aggregate milestone payments of up to 1.5 million to UCSD upon the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones for the treatment of Danon disease. A reduced schedule of milestone payments applies to
 achieving the same milestones for additional indications. With respect to any commercialized products covered by the agreement, we are obligated to pay a low single digit percentage royalty on net sales, subject to specified adjustments. If we
 enter into a sublicense agreement with a sublicensee, we will be obligated to pay a portion of any consideration received from such sublicensees in specified circumstances. We are also subject to certain diligence milestones for development of
 a product using the intellectual property licensed from UCSD under this agreement.

The term of the license agreement with UCSD is through the expiration of the licensed patents, some of which are still in the pending application phase.

REGENXBIO, Inc. License

On November 19, 2018, we entered into a license agreement with REGENXBIO Inc. RGNX ), pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive license for all U.S. patents and patent applications related to RGNX s NAV AAV-9
 vector for the treatment of Danon disease in humans by in vivo gene therapy using AAV-9 to deliver any known LAMP2 transgene isoforms and all possible combinations of LAMP2 transgene isoforms (the
 Field ), as well as an exclusive option to license (the Option Right all U.S. patents and patent applications for two additional NAV AAV vectors in the Field (each, a Licensed Patent and collectively, the Licensed Patents ).

In consideration for the rights granted to us under the license agreement, we made an upfront payment to RGNX of 7.0 million which was expensed to R D costs in the 2018 consolidated statement of operations.
 A fee of 2.0 million per additional vector would be due if we exercise our Option Right to purchase additional vectors. The license agreement provides for royalties payable to RGNX in the high-single digits to low-teens on net sales levels of
 products incorporating the Licensed Patents (the Licensed Products during the royalty term. If successful, we will be required to make milestone payments to RGNX of up to 13.0 million for each Licensed Product upon the achievement of
 specified clinical development and regulatory milestones in the U.S. and EU. In addition, we shall pay RGNX 20 of the payment fees received from a priority review voucher issued in connection with or otherwise related to a Licensed Product.
 These royalty obligations are subject to specified reductions if additional licenses from third parties are required. We must also pay RGNX a portion of all non-royalty sublicense income (if any) received from sublicensees. We paid a 1.0
 million license fee payment under the RGNX agreement upon the dosing of the first Danon patient in 2019. There were no additional milestones achieved or related payments made during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

At-the-Market Offering Program

On February 28, 2022, we entered into the Sales Agreement with Cowen with respect to an at-the-market offering program pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, shares
 through Cowen as our sales agent. The shares to be offered and sold under the Sales Agreement are being offered and sold pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-253756). We filed a prospectus supplement with the
 SEC on February 28, 2022, in connection with the offer and sale of the shares and have agreed to pay Cowen a cash commission of 3.0 of gross proceeds from the sale of the shares, pursuant to the Sales Agreement. We also agreed to provide
 Cowen with customary indemnification and contribution rights and will also reimburse Cowen for certain expenses incurred in connection with the Sales Agreement. Through December 31, 2022, we have sold
 3.3 million shares of common stock pursuant to the at-the-market offering program for gross proceeds of 48.0 million, less commissions of 1.4 million for net proceeds of 46.6 million.

18 

Table of Contents 

Competition

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including in the field of gene therapy, are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary products and
 novel therapies. While we believe that our experience and scientific knowledge provides it with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including larger and better-funded pharmaceutical and
 biotechnology companies, new market entrants and new technologies, as well as from academic institutions, government agencies and private and public research institutions, which may in the future develop products to treat the indications
 targeted by our pipeline that have not yet been conceived. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies such as bone marrow transplantation and new therapies that may become
 available in the future. We believe that the key competitive factors affecting the success of our product candidates, if approved, are likely to be efficacy, safety, convenience, price, pharmaco-economic value, tolerability and the availability
 of coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental authorities and other third-party payors. In addition, we intend to develop single treatment curative therapies for clinical indications that address mortality or high morbidity, which
 could differentiate us from potential competitors developing alternative competitive therapies that may require chronic or repetitive treatment.

Other early-stage companies may also compete through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in
 even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of companies developing gene therapies. These companies also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial
 sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.

We anticipate that we will face intense and increasing competition as new drugs and therapeutic modalities enter the market and advanced technologies become available. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced
 or eliminated if our potential competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer adverse effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Our potential competitors
 also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for our products.

Manufacturing

Our gene therapy platform has two main components: the production of LV vectors and AAV vectors and the target cell transduction process, which results in drug product. We commenced GMP manufacturing at our
 facility in Cranbury, New Jersey in 2022. We plan to supplement our own direct manufacturing capabilities with third-party manufacturers for our AAV programs. For our LV programs, we currently rely on third-party manufacturers to produce the
 plasmids, vectors, cell banks and final drug product for our clinical trials. We manage such production with our vendors on a purchase order basis in accordance with applicable master service and supply agreements. We have long-term agreements
 with these manufacturers. Whenever possible, we procure materials from redundant and multiple sources to mitigate risk. If any of our existing third-party suppliers should become unavailable to us for any reason, we believe that there are a
 number of potential replacements, although we might experience a delay in our ability to obtain alternative suppliers. We also do not have any current contractual relationships for the manufacture of commercial supplies of our product
 candidates if they become registered. With respect to commercial production of our product candidates in the future, we plan to pursue multiple options including direct manufacturing as well as outsourcing production of the active
 pharmaceutical (drug substance) ingredients and final drug product manufacturing (drug product) to contract manufacturing organizations if these products are approved and registered for marketing authorization by the applicable regulatory
 bodies.

We expect to continue to develop drug candidates that can be produced in a cost-effective manner through direct manufacturing or at contract manufacturing facilities. Should a supplier or manufacturer on which
 we have relied to produce a product candidate provide us with a faulty product or such product is later recalled, or should we experience such problems for our own products produced through direct manufacturing, we would likely experience
 delays and additional costs, each of which could be significant.

Government Regulation

FDA Regulation and Marketing Approval

In the U.S., the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), and biologics under the Public Health Service Act, the regulations promulgated under both laws and other federal,
 state, and local statutes and regulations. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. regulatory requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval may subject an applicant to administrative or
 judicial sanctions and non-approval of product candidates. These sanctions could include, among other things, the imposition by the FDA of a clinical hold on trials, the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications or related supplements,
 withdrawal of an approval, untitled or warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, restitution, disgorgement, civil penalties, or criminal prosecution. Such
 actions by government agencies could also require us to expend a large amount of resources to respond to the actions. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us.

19 

Table of Contents 

The FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries impose substantial requirements upon the clinical development, approval, manufacture, distribution and
 marketing of pharmaceutical products. These agencies and other federal, state and local entities regulate R D activities and the testing, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution,
 record keeping, approval, post-approval monitoring, advertising, promotion, sampling and import and export of our products. Rocket s drugs must be approved by the FDA as biologics through the BLA approval process applicable to gene therapy
 product candidates, before they may be legally marketed in the U.S.

Within the FDA, the FDA s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research CBER regulates gene therapy products and has published guidance documents with respect to the development of these
 types of products. The FDA also has published guidance documents related to, among other things, gene therapy products in general, their preclinical assessment, observing subjects involved in gene therapy studies for delayed adverse events,
 potency testing, and chemistry, manufacturing and control information in gene therapy INDs.

The process required by the FDA before a biologic may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following:

completion of non-clinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies conducted according to Good Laboratory Practice GLP ), or other applicable regulations;

submission of an IND, which allows clinical trials to begin unless FDA objects within 30 days;

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug or biologic for its intended use or uses conducted in accordance with FDA regulations and Good Clinical
 Practices GCP ), which are international ethical and scientific quality standards meant to ensure that the rights, safety and well-being of trial participants are protected, and that the integrity of the data is maintained;

preparation and submission to the FDA of a BLA;

submission of a user fee for FDA review of the BLA;

review of the product by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate or if applicable;

satisfactory completion of pre-approval inspection of manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites at which the product, or components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice cGMP requirements, and if applicable, the FDA s current Good Tissue Practice cGTP requirements, and of selected clinical trial sites to assess compliance with GCP requirements; and

FDA approval of a BLA which must occur before a biologic can be marketed or sold.

Preclinical Studies

Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of the purity and stability of the manufactured drug substance or active pharmaceutical ingredient and the formulated drug or drug product, as well as in vitro
 and animal studies to assess the safety and activity of the drug for initial testing in humans and to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including
 GLP regulations. The results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data, or literature and plans for clinical studies, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of
 an IND.

Companies usually must complete some long-term preclinical testing, such as animal tests of reproductive adverse events and carcinogenicity and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and
 physical characteristics of the drug and finalize a process for manufacturing the drug in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the
 drug candidate and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, and purity of the final drug product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability
 studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life.

IND and Clinical Trials

Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements. Clinical trials are conducted
 under written study protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Prior to commencing the first clinical trial, an initial
 IND, which contains the results of preclinical testing along with other information, such as information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls and a proposed protocol, must be submitted to the FDA. The IND automatically becomes
 effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA unless the FDA within the 30-day time period raises concerns or questions about the drug product or the conduct of the clinical trial and imposes a clinical hold. A clinical hold may also be imposed at
 any time while the IND is in effect. In such a case, the IND sponsor must resolve any outstanding concerns with the FDA before the clinical trial may begin or re-commence. Accordingly, submission of an IND may or may not result in the FDA
 allowing clinical trials to commence or continue.

20 

Table of Contents 

In addition to the submission of an IND to the FDA before initiation of a clinical trial in the United States, certain human clinical trials involving recombinant or synthetic nucleic acid molecules are subject
 to oversight of institutional biosafety committees( IBC s ), as set forth in the National Institutes for Health( NIH ), Guidelines for Research Involving Recombinant or Synthetic Nucleic Acid Molecules, or NIH Guidelines. Under the NIH Guidelines, recombinant and synthetic nucleic acids are defined as: (i) molecules that are constructed by joining nucleic acid molecules and that can replicate in a living cell (i.e., recombinant nucleic
 acids); (ii) nucleic acid molecules that are chemically or by other means synthesized or amplified, including those that are chemically or otherwise modified but can base pair with naturally occurring nucleic acid molecules (i.e., synthetic
 nucleic acids); or (iii) molecules that result from the replication of those described in (i) or (ii). Specifically, under the NIH Guidelines, supervision of human gene transfer trials includes evaluation and assessment by an IBC, a
 local institutional committee that reviews and oversees research utilizing recombinant or synthetic nucleic acid molecules at that institution. The IBC assesses the safety of the research and identifies any potential risk to public health or
 the environment, and such review may result in some delay before initiation of a clinical trial. While the NIH Guidelines are not mandatory unless the research in question is being conducted at or sponsored by institutions receiving NIH funding
 of recombinant or synthetic nucleic acid molecule research, many companies and other institutions not otherwise subject to the NIH Guidelines voluntarily follow them.

A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside the U.S. may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an
 IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical trial to the FDA in support of a BLA or IND so long as the clinical trial is conducted in compliance with GCP, and the FDA is able to validate the data from the study through an onsite
 inspection if the agency deems it necessary.

A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial to be conducted during product development. Further, an independent Institutional Review Board IRB for each site at
 which the clinical trial will be conducted must review and approve the clinical trial before it commences at that site. Informed written consent must also be obtained from each trial subject. Regulatory authorities, including the FDA, or IRB,
 or the sponsor, may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the participants are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance
 with FDA requirements. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization
 as to whether or not a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the trial and may recommend halting the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or
 other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy.

Human clinical trials for BLA approval typically involve a three-phase process, although some phases may overlap or be combined. Phase 1, the initial clinical evaluations, consists of administering the drug and
 testing for safety and tolerated dosages and in some indications such as rare disease, as preliminary evidence of efficacy in humans. Phase 2 involves a study to evaluate the effectiveness of the drug for a particular indication and to
 determine optimal dosage and dose interval and to identify possible adverse side effects and risks in a larger patient group. When a product is found safe, and initial efficacy is established in Phase 2, it is then evaluated in Phase 3 clinical
 trials. Phase 3 trials consist of expanded multi-location testing for efficacy and safety to evaluate the overall benefit-to-risk index of the investigational drug in relationship to the disease treated. The results of preclinical and human
 clinical testing are submitted to the FDA in the form of a BLA for approval to commence commercial sales.

All clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with FDA regulations, GCP requirements and their protocols in order for the data to be considered reliable for regulatory purposes. Progress reports detailing
 the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period,
 or at all. Government regulation may delay or prevent marketing of product candidates or new drugs for a considerable period of time and impose costly procedures upon our activities.

Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information

Sponsors of clinical trials of FDA-regulated products, including drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of
 investigation, study sites and investigators, and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of
 the results of these trials can be delayed until the new product or new indication being studied has been approved up to a maximum of two years. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of
 development programs.

The BLA Approval Process

In order to obtain approval to market a drug in the U.S., a marketing application must be submitted to the FDA that provides data establishing to the FDA s satisfaction the safety and effectiveness of the
 investigational drug for the proposed indication. The application includes all relevant data available from pertinent non-clinical or preclinical studies and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings,
 together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, controls and proposed labeling, among other things. Data can come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and effectiveness of a
 use of a product, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators that meet GCP requirements.

21 

Table of Contents 

During the development of a new drug, sponsors are given opportunities to meet with the FDA at certain points. These points may be prior to submission of an IND, at the End-of-Phase 1 or 2,
 and before a BLA is submitted. Meetings at other times may be requested. These meetings can provide an opportunity for the sponsor to share information about the data gathered to date, for the FDA to provide advice and for the sponsor and the
 FDA to reach agreement on the next phase of development.

The results of product development, non-clinical studies and clinical trials, along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the chemistry of the drug, proposed labeling and
 other relevant information are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA requesting approval to market the product for its intended indication. The FDA reviews all BLAs submitted to ensure that they are sufficiently complete for substantive review
 before it accepts them for filing. It may request additional information rather than accept a BLA for filing. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review
 before the FDA accepts it for filing. The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of a BLA to conduct an initial review to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the Agency s threshold determination that the application
 is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and potent, or effective, for its intended use, and has an acceptable purity profile, and
 whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, safety, strength, quality, potency and purity. The FDA has agreed to specific performance goals on the review of BLAs.
 Specifically, FDA under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, as amended, the FDA has 10 months, from the filing date, in which to complete its initial review of an original BLA and
 respond to the applicant, and six months from the filing date of an original BLA designated for priority review. The review process may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information or
 information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. After the FDA completes its substantive review of a BLA, it will communicate to the sponsor that the drug will either be approved, or it will issue a complete
 response letter to communicate that the BLA will not be approved in its current form and inform the sponsor of changes that must be made or additional clinical, non-clinical or manufacturing data that must be received before the application can
 be approved, with no implication regarding the ultimate approvability of the application or the timing of any such approval, if ever. If or when those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the BLA, the
 FDA may issue an approval letter. FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two to six months depending on the type of information included. The FDA may refer applications for novel drug products or drug products that present
 difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation, and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and, if so, under
 what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions.

Before approving a BLA, the FDA typically will inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and
 facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving a BLA, the FDA may inspect one or more clinical sites to assure
 compliance with GCP. For a gene therapy product, the FDA also will not approve the product if the manufacturer is not in compliance with the cGTPs. These are FDA regulations that govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used
 for, the manufacture of human cells, tissues, and cellular and tissue-based products, or HCT/Ps, which are human cells or tissue intended for implantation, transplant, infusion, or transfer into a human recipient. The primary intent of the cGTP
 requirements is to ensure that cell and tissue-based products are manufactured in a manner designed to prevent the introduction, transmission and spread of communicable disease. FDA regulations also require tissue establishments to register and
 list their HCT/Ps with the FDA and, when applicable, to evaluate donors through appropriate screening and testing. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it typically
 will outline the deficiencies and often will request additional testing or information. This may significantly delay further review of the application. If the FDA finds that a clinical site did not conduct the clinical trial in accordance with
 GCP, the FDA may determine the data generated by the clinical site should be excluded from the primary efficacy analyses provided in the BLA. Additionally, notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional information, the FDA
 ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval.

The FDA may require, or companies may pursue, additional clinical trials after a product is approved. These so-called Phase 4 or post-approval trials may be made a condition to be satisfied for continuing drug
 approval. The results of Phase 4 trials can confirm the effectiveness of a product candidate and can provide important safety information. In addition, the FDA has authority to require sponsors to conduct post-marketing trials to specifically
 address safety issues identified by the agency. See Post-Marketing Requirements below.

The FDA also has authority to require a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS ), from manufacturers to ensure that the benefits of a drug outweigh its risks. A sponsor may also voluntarily propose a
 REMS as part of the BLA submission. The need for a REMS is determined as part of the review of the BLA. Based on statutory standards, elements of a REMS may include Dear Doctor letters, a medication guide, more elaborate targeted educational
 programs, and in some cases distribution and use restrictions, referred to as elements to assure safe use ETASU ). ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only
 under certain circumstances, special monitoring and the use of patient registries. These elements are negotiated as part of the BLA approval, and in some cases the approval date may be delayed. Once adopted, REMS are subject to periodic
 assessment and modification.

22 

Table of Contents 

Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new BLA or
 BLA supplement before the change can be implemented. A BLA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing BLA
 supplements as it does in reviewing BLAs.

Even if a product candidate receives regulatory approval, the approval may be limited to specific disease states, patient populations and dosages, or might contain significant limitations on use in the form of
 warnings, precautions or contraindications, or in the form of onerous risk management plans, restrictions on distribution or use, or post-marketing trial requirements. Further, even after regulatory approval is obtained, later discovery of
 previously unknown problems with a product may result in restrictions on the product, including safety labeling or imposition of a REMS, the requirement to conduct post-market studies or clinical trials or even complete withdrawal of the
 product from the market. Delay in obtaining, or failure to obtain, regulatory approval for our products, or obtaining approval but for significantly limited use, would harm our business. In addition, we cannot predict what adverse governmental
 regulations may arise from future U.S. or foreign governmental action.

The Hatch-Waxman Amendments

Under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, a portion of a product s U.S. patent term that was lost during clinical development and
 regulatory review by the FDA may be restored by returning up to five years of patent life for a patent that covers a new product or its use. This period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND (falling after issuance
 of the patent) and the submission date of a BLA, plus the time between the submission date of a BLA and the approval of that application, provided that the sponsor acted with diligence. Patent term restorations, however, cannot extend the
 remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and only one patent applicable to an approved drug may be extended and the extension must be applied for prior to expiration of the patent. The U.S. Patent
 and Trademark Office, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration.

Market Exclusivity

The Affordable Care Act, or ACA, signed into law on March 23, 2010, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or the BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval
 pathway for biological products shown to be similar to, or interchangeable with, an FDA-approved reference biological product. Bio similarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and
 the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical trial or trials. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the
 product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product and, for products administered multiple times, the biologic and the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously
 administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. However, complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structure of biological products, as
 well as the process by which such products are manufactured, pose significant hurdles to implementation that are still being worked out by the FDA.

A reference biological product is granted four (4) and twelve (12) year exclusivity periods from the time of first licensure of the product. FDA will not accept an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable
 product based on the reference biological product until four years after the date of first licensure of the reference product, and FDA will not approve an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable product based on the reference biological
 product until twelve (12) years after the date of first licensure of the reference product. First licensure typically means the initial date the particular product at issue was approved in the United States. Date of first licensure does not
 include the date of licensure of (and a new period of exclusivity is not available for) a biological product if the licensure is for a supplement for the biological product or for a subsequent application by the same sponsor or manufacturer of
 the biological product (or licensor, predecessor in interest, or other related entity) for a change (not including a modification to the structure of the biological product) that results in a new indication, route of administration, dosing
 schedule, dosage form, delivery system, delivery device or strength, or for a modification to the structure of the biological product that does not result in a change in safety, purity, or potency. Therefore, one must determine whether a new
 product includes a modification to the structure of a previously approved product that results in a change in safety, purity, or potency to assess whether the licensure of the new product is a first licensure that triggers its own period of
 exclusivity. Whether a subsequent application, if approved, warrants exclusivity as the first licensure of a biological product is determined on a case-by-case basis with data submitted by the sponsor.

In addition, under the Orphan Drug Act, FDA may designate a biologic product as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition (generally meaning that it affects fewer than 200,000
 individuals in the U.S., or more in cases in which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a biologic product available in the U.S. for treatment of the disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the
 product). Orphan product designation must be requested before submitting a BLA. After FDA grants orphan product designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by FDA. Orphan product
 designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. If a product with orphan status receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such
 designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, meaning that FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug or biologic product for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances,
 such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity or if the party holding the exclusivity fails to assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the disease or
 condition for which the drug was designated. Competitors, however, may receive approval of different products for the same indication than that for which the orphan product has exclusivity or obtain approval for the same product but for a
 different indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity. Orphan medicinal product status in the EU has similar, but not identical, benefits.

23 

Table of Contents 

Pediatric exclusivity is another type of non-patent marketing exclusivity in the U.S. and, if granted, provides for the attachment of an additional six months of marketing protection to the term of any existing
 regulatory exclusivity, including the non-patent exclusivity. This six-month exclusivity may be granted if a BLA sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly respond to a written request from the FDA for such data.

Rare Pediatric Disease Designation and Priority Review Vouchers

Under the FDCA, the FDA incentivizes the development of drugs and biological products that meet the definition of a rare pediatric disease, defined to mean a serious or life-threatening disease in which the
 serious or life-threatening manifestations primarily affect individuals aged from birth to 18 years and the disease affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States or affects more than 200,000 in the United States and for which
 there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making in the United States a drug or biological product for such disease or condition will be received from sales in the United States of such drug or biological product. The
 sponsor of a product candidate for a rare pediatric disease may be eligible for a voucher that can be used to obtain a priority review for a subsequent human drug or biological product application after the date of approval of the rare
 pediatric disease drug or biological product, referred to as a priority review voucher PRV ). A sponsor may request rare pediatric disease designation from the FDA prior to the submission of its BLA. A rare pediatric disease designation does
 not guarantee that a sponsor will receive a PRV upon approval of its BLA. Moreover, a sponsor who chooses not to submit a rare pediatric disease designation request may nonetheless receive a PRV upon approval of their marketing application if
 they request such a voucher in their original marketing application and meet all of the eligibility criteria. If a PRV is received, it may be sold or transferred an unlimited number of times. Congress has extended the PRV program through
 September 30, 2024, with the potential for PRVs to be granted through September 30, 2026.

Expedited Development and Review Programs

FDA is authorized to expedite the review of BLAs in several ways. Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor of a biologic product candidate may request FDA to designate the product for a specific indication as a
 Fast Track product concurrent with or after the filing of the IND. Biologic products are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet
 medical needs for the condition. Fast Track designation applies to the combination of the product candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. In addition to other benefits, such as the ability to have greater
 interactions with FDA, FDA may initiate review of sections of a Fast-Track BLA before the application is complete, a process known as rolling review.

Any product submitted to FDA for marketing, including under a Fast Track program, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as regenerative medicine
 advanced therapy RMAT designation, priority review and accelerated approval. To qualify for RMAT designation, the product candidate must be a regenerative medicine therapy, which is defined as a cell
 therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering product, human cell and tissue product, or any combination product using such therapies or products, except for those regulated solely under Section 361 of the Public Health Service Act and part 1271 of
 Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations; is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product has the potential to address unmet medical
 needs for such disease or condition. A gene therapy product may meet the definition of a regenerative medicine therapy for purposes of RMAT designation. A BLA for a product candidate that has received RMAT
 designation may be eligible for priority review or accelerated approval through use of surrogate or intermediate endpoints reasonably likely to predict long-term clinical benefit, or reliance upon data obtained from a meaningful number of
 sites. Benefits of RMAT designation also include early interactions with FDA to discuss any potential surrogate or intermediate endpoint to be used to support accelerated approval. A product candidate with RMAT designation that is granted
 accelerated approval and is subject to post-approval requirements may fulfill such requirements through the submission of clinical evidence from clinical studies, patient registries, or other sources of real-world evidence, such as electronic
 health records; the collection of larger confirmatory data sets; or post-approval monitoring of all patients treated with such therapy prior to its approval. 

A product candidate including one that received Fast Track or RMAT designation is eligible for priority review if it treats a serious condition and, if approved, it would
 be a significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious condition compared to available therapies. FDA aims to complete its review of priority review applications within six months as
 opposed to 10 months for standard review.

Additionally, a biologic product may be eligible for accelerated approval if it is designed to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrates an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is
 reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit, or on the basis of an effect on a clinical endpoint other than survival or irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity and prevalence
 of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug or biologic product candidate receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled
 post-marketing clinical trials. In addition, FDA currently requires, unless otherwise informed by the agency, pre-approval of promotional materials intended for dissemination or publication within 120 days
 of marketing approval .

24 

Table of Contents 

Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or the time period for FDA
 review or approval may not be shortened. Fast Track designation, priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process.

Post-Marketing Requirements

Following approval of a new product, a pharmaceutical company and the approved product are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, monitoring and recordkeeping activities,
 reporting to the applicable regulatory authorities of adverse experiences with the product, providing the regulatory authorities with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, and complying with
 promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting drugs for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the drug s approved labeling, or
 off-label use, limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and requirements for promotional activities involving the internet. Although physicians may, in their independent professional medical judgment, prescribe
 legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers typically may not market or promote such off-label uses. Modifications or enhancements to the product or its labeling or changes of the site of manufacture are often subject to the
 approval of the FDA and other regulators, who may or may not grant approval or may include a lengthy review process.

Prescription drug advertising is subject to federal, state, and foreign regulations. In the U.S., the FDA regulates prescription drug promotion, including direct-to-consumer advertising.
 Prescription drug promotional materials must be submitted to the FDA in conjunction with their first use. Any distribution of prescription drug products and pharmaceutical samples must comply with the U.S. Drug Supply Chain Security Act and the
 Prescription Drug Marketing Act, both are parts of the FDCA.

In the U.S., once a product is approved, its manufacturing is subject to comprehensive and continuing regulation by the FDA. The FDA regulations require that products be manufactured in specific approved
 facilities and in accordance with cGMP. cGMP regulations require among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any
 deviations from cGMP. Drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic
 unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Additionally, manufacturers and other parties involved in the supply chain for prescription drug products must also comply with product
 tracking and racing requirements and for notifying the FDA of counterfeit, diverted, stolen and intentionally adulterated products or products that are otherwise unfit for distribution in the U.S. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to
 expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. These regulations also impose certain organizational, procedural and documentation requirements with respect to manufacturing and quality
 assurance activities. BLA holders using contract manufacturers, laboratories or packagers are responsible for the selection and monitoring of qualified firms, and, in certain circumstances, qualified suppliers to these firms. These firms and,
 where applicable, their suppliers are subject to inspections by the FDA at any time, and the discovery of violative conditions, including failure to conform to cGMP, could result in enforcement actions that interrupt the operation of any such
 product or may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer, or holder of an approved BLA, including, among other things, recall, withdrawal of the product from the market, or refusal of importation. In addition, the manufacturer and/or
 holder of an approved BLA are subject to annual product and establishment fees. These fees are typically increased annually.

The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, also known as Phase 4 testing, to monitor the effects of an approved product or place conditions on an approval via a REMS that could restrict the distribution or
 use of the product. Discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or the failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, judicial or administrative enforcement, untitled
 or warning letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, withdrawal of approval, and civil or criminal penalties, among others. Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may require
 changes to a product s approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, and also may require the implementation of other risk management measures. Also, new government requirements, including those resulting from
 new legislation, may be established, or the FDA s policies may change, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our products under development.

Coverage and Reimbursement

Sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend in part on the availability of reimbursement from third-party payors, including government healthcare program
 administrative authorities, managed care organizations, private health insurers, and other entities. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party
 payors to reimburse all of part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Patients are unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided, and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our
 products. Therefore, our products, once approved, may not obtain market acceptance unless coverage is provided, and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our products.

25 

Table of Contents 

The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a drug product typically is separate from the process for setting the price of a drug product or for establishing the
 reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the drug product once coverage is approved. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, or otherwise subject it to a health
 technology assessment. In either case, payer coverage rules might exclude certain FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover our product candidates could reduce physician utilization of our
 products once approved. Moreover, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to
 maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. Additionally, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. One third-party payor s
 decision to cover a particular drug product or service does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product or service or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. As a result, the coverage
 determination process will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately and will be a time-consuming process.

The containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state, and foreign governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the
 prices charged for drug products and medical services, examining the medical necessity, and reviewing the cost effectiveness of drug products and medical services, in addition to questioning safety and efficacy. If these third-party payors do
 not consider our products to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover our products after FDA approval or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our products at a profit.

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 provided funding for the federal government to compare the effectiveness of different treatments for the same illness. The plan for the research was published
 in 2012 by the Department of Health and Human Services, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the National Institutes for Health, and periodic reports on the status of the research and related expenditures will be made to Congress.
 Although the results of the comparative effectiveness studies are not intended to mandate coverage policies for public or private payors, it is not clear what effect, if any, the research will have on the sales of our product candidates, if any
 such product or the condition that it is intended to treat is the subject of a study. It is also possible that comparative effectiveness research demonstrating benefits in a competitor s product could adversely affect the sales of our product
 candidates, once approved. If third-party payors do not consider our products to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover our products after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of
 payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our products on a profitable basis.

In addition, in some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For
 example, the EU provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member
 state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product, or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any
 country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price
 structures of the U.S. and generally tend to be significantly lower.

Anti-Kickback and False Claims Laws and Other Regulatory Matters

In the U.S., among other things, the research, manufacturing, distribution, sale and promotion of drug products and medical devices are potentially subject to regulation and enforcement by various federal, state
 and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including the Department of Justice, Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (e.g., the Office of Inspector General), the
 Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, state Attorneys General and other state and local
 government agencies. Our current and future business activities, including for example, sales, marketing, and scientific/educational grant programs must comply with healthcare regulatory laws, as applicable, which may include the Federal
 Anti-Kickback Statute, the Federal False Claims Act, as amended, the privacy and security regulations promulgated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA ), as amended, physician payment transparency laws, and
 similar state laws. Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requirements of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990, as amended, and the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992, as amended, which requires
 special pricing to both the Veterans Administration and other Federal agencies, as well as to certain safety net providers, referred to as 340B covered entities. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule
 of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. All of these activities are also potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws.

The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage, and security requirements intended to prevent the
 unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products.

26 

Table of Contents 

The Federal Anti-Kickback Statute makes it illegal for any person or entity, including a prescription drug manufacturer (or a party acting on its behalf) to knowingly and willfully, directly or indirectly, in
 cash or in kind, solicit, receive, offer, or pay any remuneration that is intended to induce the referral of business, including the purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of, any good,
 facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. The Federal
 Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and
 regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases or
 recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se
 illegal under the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Additionally, the intent standard under the
 Federal Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care Education and Reconciliation Act (collectively, the ACA ), to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer
 needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes
 a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the Federal False Claims Act. Violations of this law are punishable by up to five years in prison, criminal fines, administrative civil money penalties, and exclusion from participation in federal
 healthcare programs. In addition, many states have adopted laws similar to the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Some of these state prohibitions apply to the referral of patients for healthcare services reimbursed by any insurer, not just federal
 healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Due to the breadth of these federal and state anti-kickback laws, and the potential for additional legal or regulatory change in this area, it is possible that our future business activities,
 including our sales and marketing practices and/or our future relationships with physicians and the medical community might be challenged under anti-kickback laws, which could harm us.

Federal false claims and false statement laws, including the civil False Claims Act, prohibits any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, for payment to
 federal programs (including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for items or services, including drugs, that are false or fraudulent. Although we would not submit claims directly to payors, manufacturers can be held liable under these laws if they
 are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label. In addition, our future activities relating to the reporting
 of wholesaler or estimated retail prices for our products, the reporting of prices used to calculate Medicaid rebate information and other information affecting federal, state, and third-party reimbursement for our products, and the sale and
 marketing of our products, are subject to scrutiny under this law. For example, pharmaceutical companies have been found liable under the Federal Civil False Claims Act in connection with their off-label promotion of drugs. Penalties for a
 civil False Claims Act violation include three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties for each separate false claim, the potential for exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs,
 and, although the Federal False Claims Act is a civil statute, conduct that results in a False Claims Act violation may also implicate various federal criminal statutes. If the government were to allege that we were, or convict us of, violating
 these false claims laws, we could be subject to a substantial fine and may suffer a decline in our stock price. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring actions under the Federal Civil False Claims Act and certain states have
 enacted laws modeled after the Federal False Claims Act.

Additionally, HIPAA created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit
 program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment
 for healthcare benefits, items or services.

There are also an increasing number of state laws that require manufacturers to make reports to states on pricing and marketing information. Many of these laws contain ambiguities as to what is required to
 comply with the laws. For example, federal government price reporting laws, which require us to calculate and report complex pricing metrics in an accurate and timely manner to government programs. In addition, as discussed below, a similar
 federal requirement under the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, requires certain manufacturers to track and report to the federal government certain payments provided to physicians and teaching hospitals made in the previous calendar year, as
 well as certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists, and chiropractors) and their immediate family members. These laws may affect our sales, marketing, and other
 promotional activities by imposing administrative and compliance burdens on us. In addition, given the lack of clarity with respect to these laws and their implementation, our reporting actions could be subject to the penalty provisions of the
 pertinent state and federal authorities. Effective January 1, 2022, these reporting obligations extend to include transfers of value made to certain non-physician providers such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners.

In addition, we may be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for
 Economic and Clinical Health Act, and their respective implementing regulations, including the Final Omnibus Rule published on January 25, 2013, imposes specified requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually
 identifiable health information on certain types of individuals and organizations. In addition, certain state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other and from
 HIPAA in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts.

27 

Table of Contents 

The failure to comply with regulatory requirements subjects us to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can
 result in significant criminal, civil and/or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total
 or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of product approvals, refusal to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished
 profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations.

We plan to develop a comprehensive compliance program that establishes internal controls to facilitate adherence to the law and program requirements to which we will or may become subject
 because we intend to commercialize products that could be reimbursed under a federal healthcare program and other governmental healthcare programs.

Changes in law or the interpretation of existing law could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product
 labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business.

Healthcare Legislative Reform

In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health care system that could impact our ability to sell our products
 profitably. In particular, in 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the ACA, was enacted, which, among other things, subjected biologic
 products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars; addressed a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or
 injected; increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by most manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; extended the Medicaid Drug Rebate program to utilization of prescriptions of individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care
 organizations; subjected manufacturers to new annual fees and taxes for certain branded prescription drugs; created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 (increased to 70 pursuant
 to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, effective as of January 1, 2019) point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s
 outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and provided incentives to programs that increase the federal government s comparative effectiveness research.

In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted including:

In August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals for deficit reduction of at least
 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021. The Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction, which triggered the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This
 includes aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of, up to 2 per fiscal year, and, due to subsequent legislative amendments, will remain in effect through 2030 unless Congress takes additional action. These reductions
 went into effect in April 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2030 unless additional action is taken by Congress.

On April 13, 2017, CMS published a final rule that gives states greater flexibility in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health
 benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces.

On May 30, 2018, the Right to Try Act, was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical
 trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access
 program. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act.

On May 23, 2019, CMS published a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs beginning January 1, 2020.

28 

Table of Contents 

There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and
 proposed federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs,
 and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. At a federal level, President Biden signed an Executive Order on July 9, 2021 affirming the administration s policy to (i) support legislative reforms that would lower the
 prices of prescription drug and biologics, including by allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices, by imposing inflation caps, and, by supporting the development and market entry of lower-cost generic drugs and biosimilars; and (ii) support
 the enactment of a public health insurance option. Among other things, the Executive Order also directs HHS to provide a report on actions to combat excessive pricing of prescription drugs, enhance the domestic drug supply chain, reduce the
 price that the Federal government pays for drugs, and address price gouging in the industry; and directs the FDA to work with states and Indian Tribes that propose to develop section 804 Importation Programs in accordance with the Medicare
 Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, and the FDA s implementing regulations. FDA released such implementing regulations on September 24, 2020, which went into effect on November 30, 2020, providing guidance for states
 to build and submit importation plans for drugs from Canada. On September 25, 2020, CMS stated drugs imported by states under this rule will not be eligible for federal rebates under Section 1927 of the Social Security Act and manufacturers
 would not report these drugs for best price or Average Manufacturer Price purposes. Since these drugs are not considered covered outpatient drugs, CMS further stated it will not publish a National Average Drug Acquisition Cost for these
 drugs. If implemented, importation of drugs from Canada may materially and adversely affect the price we receive for any of our product candidates. Additionally, on November 30, 2020, HHS published a regulation removing safe harbor protection
 for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers, unless the price reduction is required by law. The rule also creates a new safe harbor for price
 reductions reflected at the point-of-sale, as well as a safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy benefit managers and manufacturers. Pursuant to court order, the removal and addition of the aforementioned safe harbors
 were delayed and recent legislation imposed a moratorium on implementation of the rule until January 1, 2032. Although a number of these and other proposed measures may require authorization through additional legislation to become effective,
 and the Biden administration may reverse or otherwise change these measures, both the Biden administration and Congress have indicated that they will continue to seek new legislative measures to control drug costs.

Most recently, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act IRA which provides for (i) the government to set or negotiate prices for select high-cost Medicare
 Part D (beginning in 2026) and Medicare Part B drugs (beginning in 2028) that are more than nine years (for small-molecule drugs) or 13 years (for biological products) from their FDA approval, (ii) manufacturers to pay a rebate for Medicare
 Part B and Part D drugs when prices increase faster than inflation beginning in 2022 for Medicare Part D and 2023 for Medicare Part B drugs, and (iii) Medicare Part D redesign which replaces the current coverage gap provisions and establishes a
 2,000 cap for out-of-pocket limits costs for Medicare beneficiaries beginning in 2025, with manufacturers being responsible for 10 of costs up to the 2,000 cap and 20 after that cap is reached. Implementation of the IRA is expected to be
 carried out through upcoming actions by regulatory authorities, the outcome of which is uncertain.

At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement
 constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing.

We expect that the healthcare reform measures that have been adopted and may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we
 receive for any approved product and could seriously harm our future revenues. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private third-party payors.

There have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal, and state levels directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering
 the cost of healthcare. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product. Such reforms could have an adverse
 effect on anticipated revenue from product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval and may affect our overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates.

European Union Drug Review and Approval

Clinical Trial Approval

In the EU, an applicant for authorization of a clinical trial must obtain prior approval from the national competent authority of the EU Member States in which the clinical trial is to be conducted. Furthermore,
 the applicant may only start a clinical trial at a specific study site after the relevant independent ethics committee has issued a favorable opinion in accordance with the laws of the Member State(s) concerned. In April 2014, the EU adopted
 the new Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014, which replaced the Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC on January 31, 2022. It overhauls the system of approvals for clinical trials in the EU. Specifically, the new legislation, which is
 directly applicable in all EU Member States (meaning that no national implementing legislation in each EU Member State is required), aims at simplifying and streamlining the approval of clinical trials in the EU. For instance, the new Clinical
 Trials Regulation provides for a streamlined application procedure via a single-entry point (instead of submitting applications separately to each national competent authority and ethics committee in the Member States in which the trial will be
 conducted) and strictly defined deadlines for the assessment of clinical trial applications. The Clinical Trials Regulation also makes it more efficient for EU Member States to evaluate and authorize applications together, via the Clinical
 Trials Information System. The transitory provisions of the new Clinical Trials Regulation offer sponsors the possibility to choose between the requirements of the previous Clinical Trials Directive and the Clinical Trials Regulation if the
 request for authorization of a clinical trial is submitted in the year after the new Clinical Trials Regulation became applicable i.e. January 31, 2023. As of January 31, 2023, all applications need to be submitted under and in accordance with
 the Clinical Trial Regulation. If the sponsor chooses to submit under the Clinical Trials Directive, the clinical trial continues to be governed by the Directive and the relevant implementing legislation in each EU Member State, as required,
 until three years after the new Clinical Trials Regulation became applicable. If a clinical trial continues for more than three years after the Clinical Trials Regulation became applicable, the Clinical Trials Regulation will at that time begin
 to apply to the clinical trial. The implementation of the Clinical Trial Regulation may require us to take additional steps and procedures to ensure that our clinical trials comply with applicable laws.

29 

Table of Contents 

Marketing Authorization

In the European Union, medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a marketing authorization. There are two types of marketing authorizations: (1) the centralized authorization, which is issued
 by the European Commission through the centralized procedure based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use CHMP ), a body of the EMA, and which is valid throughout the entire territory of the European Economic
 Area, or EEA (comprising the EU Member States plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein); and (2) national marketing authorizations, which is issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EU and only authorize marketing in that
 Member State s national territory and not the EEA as a whole, including the harmonized issuance of marketing authorizations in several Member States upon the initial application Decentralized Procedure or subsequently after the issuance of
 the initial national marketing authorization Mutual Recognition Procedure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Regulation (EC) 1234/2008..

The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, advanced therapy medicinal products (i.e., gene-therapy, somatic
 cell-therapy, and tissue-engineered medicines) and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV / AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune diseases and other immune dysfunctions
 and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EU, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific, or technical innovation or which are
 in the interest of public health. Gene therapy products are a type of advanced therapy medicinal product ATMP in the EU. The scientific evaluation of marketing authorization applications for ATMPs is primarily performed by a specialized
 scientific committee called the Committee for Advanced Therapies CAT ). The CAT prepares a draft opinion on the quality, safety, and efficacy of the ATMP which is the subject of the marketing authorization application, which is sent for final
 approval to the CHMP. The CHMP recommendation is then sent to the European Commission, which adopts a decision binding in all EEA Member States. The maximum timeframe for the evaluation of a marketing authorization application for an ATMP is
 210 days from receipt of a valid application, excluding clock stops when additional information or written or oral explanation is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions of the CAT and/or CHMP. Clock stops may extend the
 timeframe of evaluation of an application considerably beyond 210 days. Where the CHMP gives a positive opinion, the EMA provides the opinion together with supporting documentation to the European Commission, who make the final decision to
 grant a marketing authorization, which is issued within 67 days of receipt of the EMA s recommendation. Accelerated assessment may be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is of major interest from the point of view
 of public health and, in particular, from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. If the CHMP accepts such a request, the timeframe of 210 days for assessment will be reduced to 150 days (excluding clock stops), but it is possible that the
 CHMP may revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it determines that the application is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment. The development and evaluation of a gene therapy medicinal product
 must be considered in the context of the relevant EU guidelines, and the EMA may issue new guidelines concerning the development and marketing authorization for gene therapy medicinal products and require that we comply with these new
 guidelines.

National marketing authorizations are for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a Member State of the EU, this
 marketing authorization can be recognized in another Member States through the mutual recognition procedure. If the product has not received a national marketing authorization in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved
 simultaneously in various Member States through the decentralized procedure. Under the decentralized procedure an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the Member States in which an authorization is sought, one
 of which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State RMS ). If the RMS proposes to authorize the product, and the other Member States do not raise objections, the product is granted a national marketing authorization in all the
 Member States where the authorization was sought. Harmonization throughout all concerned Member States is achieved through procedures set forth in Regulation (EC) 1234/2008, including in cases of differences on the assessment between the
 relevant authorities of Member States.

Under the above-described procedures, before granting the MAA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the Member States of the EU make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of
 scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety, and efficacy.

Now that the UK (which comprises Great Britain and Northern Ireland) has left the EU, Great Britain will no longer be covered by centralized marketing authorizations (under the Northern Ireland Protocol,
 centralized marketing authorizations will continue to be recognized in Northern Ireland). All medicinal products with a current centralized marketing authorization were automatically converted to Great Britain marketing authorizations on
 January, 1 2021. For a period of two years from January 1, 2021, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency, or MHRA, the UK medicines regulator, may rely on a decision taken by the European Commission on the approval of a new
 marketing authorization in the centralized procedure, in order to more quickly grant a new Great Britain marketing authorization. A separate application will, however, still be required.

30 

Table of Contents 

Regulatory exclusivity

In the EU, innovative products authorized for marketing (i.e., reference products) may qualify for eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity upon marketing authorization.
 The data exclusivity period prevents generic or biosimilar applicants from relying on the preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic or biosimilar marketing authorization in
 the EU during a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. The market exclusivity period prevents a successful generic or biosimilar applicant from commercializing its product in the EU
 until ten years have elapsed from the initial authorization of the reference product. The ten-year market exclusivity period can be extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing
 authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing
 therapies. Even if an innovative medicinal product gains the prescribed period of data exclusivity, however, another company may market another version of the product if such company obtained marketing authorization based on a marketing
 authorization application with a completely independent data package of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests, and clinical trials.

Orphan designation and exclusivity

The criteria for designating an orphan medicinal product in the EU, are similar in principle to those in the U.S. Under Article 3 of Regulation (EC) 141/2000, a medicinal product may be designated as orphan if
 the following criteria are fulfilled: (i) it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition; (ii) either (a) such condition affects no more than five in 10,000 persons in the
 EU when the application is made, or (b) the product, without the benefits derived from orphan status, would not generate sufficient return in the EU to justify the necessary investment in its development; and (iii) there exists no satisfactory
 method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such condition authorized for marketing in the EU, or if such a method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by the condition, as defined in Regulation (EC)
 847/2000. Orphan medicinal products are eligible for financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and are, upon grant of a marketing authorization, entitled to ten years of market exclusivity for the approved therapeutic
 indication. The application for orphan designation must be submitted before the application for marketing authorization. The applicant will receive a fee reduction for the marketing authorization application if the orphan designation has been
 granted, but not if the designation is still pending at the time the marketing authorization is submitted. Orphan designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process.

The ten-year market exclusivity may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria for orphan designation, for
 example, if the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Otherwise, orphan medicine marketing exclusivity may be revoked only in very select cases, such as if:

a second applicant can establish that its product, although similar to the authorized product, is safer, more effective, or otherwise clinically superior;

the marketing authorization holder for the authorized product consents to a second orphan medicinal product application; or

the marketing authorization holder for the authorized product cannot supply enough orphan medicinal product.

The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the EEA.

PRIME designation

In March 2016, the EMA launched an initiative to facilitate development of product candidates in indications, often rare, for which few or no therapies currently exist. The PRIority MEdicines (PRIME), scheme is
 intended to encourage drug development in areas of unmet medical need and provides accelerated assessment of products representing substantial innovation, where the marketing authorization application will be made through the centralized
 procedure. Eligible products must target conditions for which where is an unmet medical need, i.e., there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment in the EU or, if there is, the new medicine will bring a major therapeutic
 advantage) and they must show potential to benefit patients with unmet medical needs based on early clinical data. Products from small- and medium-sized enterprises may qualify for earlier entry into the PRIME scheme than larger companies. Many
 benefits accrue to sponsors of product candidates with PRIME designation, including but not limited to, early and proactive regulatory dialogue with the EMA, frequent discussions on clinical trial designs and other development program elements,
 and accelerated marketing authorization application assessment once a dossier has been submitted. Importantly, a dedicated contact and rapporteur from the EMA s CHMP or Committee for Advanced Therapies are appointed early in PRIME scheme
 facilitating increased understanding of the product at the EMA s committee level. A kick-off meeting initiates these relationships and includes a team of multidisciplinary experts at the EMA to provide guidance on the overall development and
 regulatory strategies. Where, during the course of development, a medicine no longer meets the eligibility criteria, support under the PRIME scheme may be withdrawn.

31 

Table of Contents 

Brexit and the Regulatory Framework in the United Kingdom

In June 2016, the electorate in the UK voted in favor of leaving the EU (commonly referred to as Brexit ), and the UK formally left the EU on January 31, 2020. There was a transition period during which EU
 pharmaceutical laws continued to apply to the UK, which expired on December 31, 2020. However, the EU and the UK have concluded a trade and cooperation agreement, or TCA, which was provisionally applicable since January 1, 2021 and has been
 formally applicable since May 1, 2021. The TCA includes specific provisions concerning pharmaceuticals, which include the mutual recognition of GMP, inspections of manufacturing facilities for medicinal products and GMP documents issued but
 does not foresee wholesale mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical regulations. At present, Great Britain has implemented EU legislation on the marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products through the Human Medicines Regulations
 2012 (as amended) (under the Northern Ireland Protocol, the EU regulatory framework will continue to apply in Northern Ireland). The regulatory regime in Great Britain therefore largely aligns with current EU regulations, however it is possible
 that these regimes will diverge in future now that Great Britain s regulatory system is independent from the EU and the TCA does not provide for mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical legislation. For example, the UK has implemented the
 now repealed Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC into national law through the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004 (as amended). The extent to which the regulation of clinical trials in the UK will mirror the new
 Clinical Trials Regulation now that has come into effect is not yet known, however the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency MHRA ), the UK medicines regulator, has opened a consultation on a set of proposals designed to improve
 and strengthen the UK clinical trials legislation. Such consultation was open until 14 March 2022.

Human Capital

As of December 31, 2022, we had 240 full-time employees, of whom 230 were located in the United States, five in Spain, two in Switzerland and one each in the UK, Sweden and Portugal. We also
 leverage temporary workers to provide flexibility for our business needs. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement.

Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, attracting, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, developing, and integrating our existing and new employees,
 advisors, and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value
 and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives.

We believe that developing a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture is critical to continuing to attract and retain the top talent necessary to deliver on our growth strategy. As such, we are investing in
 creating and maintaining a diverse, inclusive and safe work environment where our employees can feel inspired to deliver their workplace best every day. All employees are responsible for upholding the Rocket Behaviors and the Rocket Code of
 Conduct, which form the foundation of our policies and practices.

Corporate Information

We were incorporated in Delaware in 1999 as Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corporation. In January 2018, Inotek merged with Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. and changed its name to Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Our principal
 executive offices are located at 9 Cedarbrook Drive, Cranbury, NJ 08512, and our telephone number is (609) 659-8001. Our internet address is www.rocketpharma.com. We use our website as means of disclosing material non-public information and for
 complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. We make available on our website, free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports
 filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our SEC reports can
 be accessed through the Investors section of our website. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings at www.sec.gov. The information found on our website is
 not incorporated by reference into this report or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol RCKT. 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

We operate in an industry that involves numerous risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the following information about these risks, together with the other information
 appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes hereto. The occurrence of any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and future growth prospects. The risks and uncertainties described below may change over time and other risks and uncertainties, including those that we do not currently consider material, may impair our business. In these
 circumstances, the market price of our common stock could decline.

Risks Related to COVID-19 Pandemic

The outbreak of SARS-CoV-2, which causes COVID-19, or other similar pandemics in the future could adversely impact our business, including our preclinical and clinical
 studies.

Public health crises such as pandemics or similar outbreaks could adversely impact our business. As part of our initial response to the spread of COVID-19 and its variants, most of our corporate employees
 converted to working remotely part-time, with a smaller number of employees whose roles require them to be on-site full-time working at our Cranbury, NJ facility.

32 

Table of Contents 

As a result of the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak, or similar pandemics, we have and may in the future experience disruptions that could severely impact our business, preclinical studies, and clinical trials,
 including:

delays or difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials;

delays or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff;

diversion of healthcare resources from the conduct of clinical trials such as patient follow up visits, the diversion of hospitals ability to serve as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical
 trials;

interruption of clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by federal or state governments, employers and others or interruption of clinical trial
 subject visits and study procedures (particularly any procedures that may be deemed non-essential), which may impact the integrity of subject data and clinical study endpoints;

delays or difficulties in the buildout of our in-house manufacturing;

delays or difficulties in securing manufacturing slots or materials;

delays or difficulties in advancing preclinical research requiring in-person laboratory work at our facility at academic partners or contract research facilities; and

interruption or delays in the operations of the FDA and/ comparable foreign regulatory agencies, which may impact approval timelines.

The extent to which COVID-19 may impact our business, preclinical studies and clinical trials will continue to depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence,
 such as the identification of new variants of the virus, the duration of outbreaks, travel restrictions and actions to contain outbreaks, such as social distancing and quarantines or lock-downs in the United States and other countries, business
 closures or business disruptions and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain and treat the disease. In addition, a recession, depression, or other sustained adverse market event resulting from the
 spread of COVID-19.

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Needs

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition 

We have a history of operating losses, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. We anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. If we
 fail to obtain additional funding to conduct our planned research and development efforts, we could be forced to delay, reduce, or eliminate our product development programs or commercial development efforts.

We are an early-stage gene therapy company with a limited operating history on which to base your investment decision. Gene therapy product development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a
 substantial degree of risk. Our operations to date have been limited primarily to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring, and developing product and technology rights, building out our R D and
 manufacturing capabilities, and conducting preclinical and clinical R D activities for our product candidates. We have never generated any revenue from product sales. We have not obtained regulatory approvals for any of our product
 candidates and have funded our operations to date through proceeds from sales of our stock.

We have incurred net losses since our inception. We incurred net losses of 221.9 million, 169.1 million and 139.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31,
 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 713.8 million. Substantially all our operating losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our R D programs, buildout of our manufacturing capabilities and from general and
 administrative G A costs associated with our operations. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses over the next several years and for the foreseeable future as we intend to continue to conduct R D,
 clinical trials, regulatory compliance activities, internal and external manufacturing activities, and, if any of our product candidates is approved, sales and marketing activities that, together with anticipated G A expenses, will likely
 result in us continuing to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future.

Our limited operating history may make it difficult for us to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability.

Our operations to date have predominantly focused on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring our technology, administering, and expanding our gene therapy platforms,
 identifying potential product candidates, undertaking research, preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates, building out our R D and manufacturing capabilities, and establishing licensing arrangements and
 collaborations. We have not yet completed clinical trials of our product candidates, obtained marketing approvals, manufactured a commercial-scale product, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful commercialization.
 Consequently, any predictions made about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. We are currently a drug discovery and clinical stage company and at a later point we will
 need to transition to a commercial stage company. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in this transition.

If, in the future, we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market any of our product candidates, we
 may not be successful in commercializing those product candidates if and when they are approved.

33 

Table of Contents 

We have limited sales or marketing infrastructure and have no Company experience in the sale, marketing, or distribution of pharmaceutical products. To achieve commercial success for any approved candidate for
 which we retain sales and marketing responsibilities, we must either continue to develop our sales and marketing organization or outsource these functions to third parties. In the future, we may choose to continue to build a focused sales,
 marketing, and commercial support infrastructure to sell, or participate in sales activities with our collaborators for, some of our product candidates if and when they are approved.

There are risks involved with both establishing our own commercial capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force or
 reimbursement specialists is expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we establish marketing and other commercialization capabilities is delayed or does not occur
 for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our commercialization personnel.

If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing, commercial support, and distribution services, our product revenues or the profitability of these product revenues to us may be lower
 than if we were to market and sell any medicines we may develop ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to commercialize our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that
 are favorable to us. We may have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our medicines effectively. If we do not establish commercialization
 capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates.

Changes in tax law could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

We are subject to evolving and complex tax laws in the jurisdictions where we operate. The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. income taxation are constantly under review by persons
 involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Treasury Department and non-U.S. tax authorities. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect us or holders of our
 common stock. In recent years, many such changes have been made and changes are likely to continue to occur in the future. Future changes in tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or
 results of operations. We urge investors to consult with their legal and tax advisers regarding the implications of potential changes in tax laws on an investment in our common stock.

The amount of and our ability to use net operating losses and research and development credits to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations and
 uncertainty.

Federal net operating losses generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 generally may not be carried back to prior taxable years, and while such federal net operating losses generated in
 taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 will not be subject to expiration, the deduction for such net operating loss in any taxable year will be limited to 80 of our taxable income in such year, where taxable income is determined
 without regard to the net operating loss deduction itself. However, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act repeals the 80 limitation on the utilization of such federal net operating losses for taxable years beginning after
 December 31, 2017 and beginning before January 1, 2021 and allows for federal net operating losses generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2021 to be carried back to each of the five taxable years
 preceding the taxable year in which the loss arises. This change in law temporarily allowing for the carryback of federal net operating losses is not expected to produce any material benefit for the issuer. As

 described above, we have incurred net losses for the past three taxable years and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future; and therefore, we do not know whether or when we will generate the U.S. federal or
 state taxable income necessary to utilize our net operating loss or tax credit carryforwards. 

In general, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses, or
 net operating losses or tax credits, or credits, (including federal research and development tax credits) to offset future taxable income or taxes. For these purposes, an ownership change generally occurs where the aggregate stock ownership of
 one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who owns at least 5 of a corporation s stock increases its ownership by more than 50 percentage points over its lowest ownership percentage within a specified testing period. Future changes in
 our stock ownership, many of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code and limit our ability to utilize our net operating losses and credits. Our net operating
 losses or credits may also be impaired under state law. Accordingly, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our net operating losses or credits if we undergo an ownership change prior to the utilization of all such net operating
 losses or credits.

Risks Related to Capital Needs 

We may need to raise additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to
 delay, limit or terminate certain of our licensing activities, product development efforts or other operations.

34 

Table of Contents 

We expect to require substantial future capital in order to expand our gene therapy platforms, advance preclinical and clinical development for our current product candidates and other future product candidates,
 if any, and potentially commercialize these product candidates. We expect our spending levels to increase in connection with our preclinical and clinical activities. Also, if we obtain marketing approval for any of our current or future product
 candidates, we expect to incur significant expenses related to product sales, medical affairs, marketing, manufacturing, and distribution. Furthermore, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company,
 particularly as we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company or smaller reporting company and are subject to certain additional disclosure and compliance requirements as a large accelerated filer. Accordingly, we will need to obtain
 substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on acceptable terms, we could be forced to delay, limit or terminate our product development efforts or other
 operations. Furthermore, to the extent we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have
 rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and
 operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Additionally, recent volatility in capital markets, rising interest rates and
 lower market prices for securities generally may affect our ability to access new capital on terms favorable to us, which may harm our liquidity, limit our ability to grow our business, pursue acquisitions or improve our operating
 infrastructure and restrict our ability to compete in our markets.

Our operations have consumed significant amounts of cash since inception. As of December 31, 2022, our cash, cash equivalents and investments were 399.7 million. Our future capital requirements will depend on
 many factors, including:

the timing of enrollment, commencement, completion, and results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials;

costs for seeking regulatory approval for our product candidates in the U.S., Europe and other jurisdictions;

the production of LV and AAV gene therapy product candidates to support preclinical and clinical needs;

the results of our preclinical studies for our current product candidates and any subsequent clinical trials;

the scope, progress, results, and costs of researching and developing our product candidates, and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials;

the costs, timing, and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates;

the costs of future activities, including product sales, medical affairs, marketing, manufacturing, and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval;

the costs of manufacturing clinical-grade and commercial-grade product to support our clinical trials and commercial launch, if approved;

the ability to receive additional non-dilutive funding, including grants from organizations and foundations;

the revenue, if any, received from commercial sale of its products, should any of its product candidates receive marketing approval;

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims;

our ability to establish and maintain collaborations on favorable terms, if at all;

our ability to successfully integrate any complementary business or technology we may acquire;

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies; and

the timing, receipt, and amount of sales of, or milestone payments related to our royalties on, current or future product candidates, if any.

Many of these factors are outside of our control. Identifying potential product candidates and conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time-consuming,
 expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain regulatory and marketing approval and achieve product sales. In addition, our product candidates, if
 approved, may not achieve commercial success. Accordingly, we will need to continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives.

We have never generated any revenue from product sales and may never be profitable.

Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends on our ability, alone or with strategic collaboration partners, to successfully complete the development of, and obtain the regulatory, pricing
 and reimbursement approvals necessary to commercialize our product candidates. We do not anticipate generating revenues from product sales for the foreseeable future, if ever. Our ability to generate future revenues from product sales depends
 heavily on our success in:

completing research and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates;

seeking and obtaining regulatory and marketing approvals for product candidates for which we successfully complete clinical studies;

developing a sustainable, commercial-scale, reproducible, and transferable manufacturing process for our vectors and product candidates;

establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that can provide adequate (in amount and quality) products and services to support preclinical and clinical development and the market demand for
 our product candidates, if approved;

launching and commercializing product candidates for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval, either by collaborating with a partner or, if launched independently, by establishing a sales force, marketing and distribution
 infrastructure;

35 

Table of Contents 

obtaining and maintaining a favorable market protection for our products, e.g., obtaining (and maintaining) orphan designation with market exclusivity in the EU, which in turn may depend on activities of third parties and other
 factors on which we have no influence;

obtaining sufficient pricing and reimbursement for our product candidates from private and governmental payors;

obtaining market acceptance of our product candidates and gene therapy as a viable treatment option;

addressing any competing technological and market developments;

identifying and validating new gene therapy product candidates;

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter; and

maintaining, protecting and expanding our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how.

Even if one or more of the product candidates that we will develop is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any approved product candidate. Our
 expenses could increase beyond expectations if we are required by the FDA, the EMA, or other regulatory agencies, domestic or foreign, to perform clinical and other studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate. Even if we generate
 revenues from the sale of any approved products, we may not become profitable and may need to obtain additional funding to continue operations.

Risks Related to Clinical Development and Product Regulatory Matters

Risks Related to Clinical Development of our Product Candidates 

We may encounter substantial delays in commencement, enrollment or completion of our clinical trials or may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory
 authorities, which could prevent us from commercializing our current and future product candidates on a timely basis, if at all.

Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our current and future product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our
 product candidates. Clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming, and outcomes are uncertain.

Our experience with clinical trials has been limited. We have initiated Rocket-sponsored clinical trials for FA, LAD-I, PKD and Danon disease, but have not completed any clinical trials to date. We cannot
 guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A clinical trial may be delayed or halted at any stage of testing for various reasons, including:

failure of patients to enroll in the studies at the rate we expect;

ineffectiveness of our product candidates;

patients experiencing unexpected side effects or other safety concerns being raised during treatment;

changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions;

failure to conduct studies in accordance with required clinical practices;

inspection of clinical study operations or study sites by the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory authorities, resulting in a clinical hold;

insufficient financial resources;

insufficient supplies of drug product to treat patients in our ongoing and planned clinical trials;

political unrest or natural disasters at domestic or foreign clinical sites;

a shutdown of the U.S. government, including the FDA;

public health crises such as pandemics and epidemics.

In addition, to the extent we seek to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates in foreign countries, our ability to successfully initiate, enroll and complete a clinical study in any foreign country
 is subject to numerous risks unique to conducting business in foreign countries, including:

difficulty in establishing or managing relationships with CROs and physicians;

different standards for the conduct of clinical trials;

absence in some countries of established groups with sufficient regulatory expertise for review of LV and AAV gene therapy protocols;

our inability to locate qualified local partners or collaborators for such clinical trials; and

the potential burden of complying with a variety of foreign laws, medical standards and regulatory requirements, including the regulation of pharmaceutical and biotechnology products and treatment.

If we have difficulty enrolling a sufficient number of patients to conduct our clinical trials as planned, we may need to delay, limit or terminate planned clinical trials,
 the occurrence of any of which would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

36 

Table of Contents 

Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates is critical to our success. We may not be able to identify, recruit and enroll enough
 patients, or those with required or desired characteristics, to complete clinical trials in a timely manner. Patient enrollment and trial completion is affected by numerous factors including:

severity of the disease under investigation;

design of the study protocol;

size of the patient population;

eligibility criteria for the study in question;

perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study, including as a result of adverse effects observed in similar or competing therapies;

proximity and availability of clinical study sites for prospective patients;

availability of competing therapies and clinical studies;

efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical studies;

patient referral practices of physicians; and

ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment.

In particular, each of the conditions for which we plan to evaluate our current product candidates are rare genetic diseases with limited patient pools from which to draw for clinical studies. The process of
 identifying and diagnosing patients may prove costly. In some cases, potential patients may be located outside of the U.S., and immigration related issues, including government policy changes, may introduce additional delays into the enrollment
 process. Finally, the treatment process for our LV programs requires that the cells be obtained from patients and then shipped to a transduction facility within the required timelines, and this may introduce unacceptable shipping-related delays
 to the process.

We have not completed any clinical studies of our current product candidates. Preliminary, interim or topline results in our ongoing clinical studies
 may not be indicative of results obtained when these studies are completed. Furthermore, success in early clinical studies may not be indicative of results obtained in later studies.

We have initiated our sponsored clinical trials for FA, LAD-I, PKD and DD but have not completed any clinical trials to date. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned or
 completed on schedule, if at all. Study designs and results from previous or ongoing studies and clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future study or clinical trial results, and initial or interim results may not continue or be
 confirmed upon completion of the study or trial. Positive data may not continue or occur for subjects in our clinical studies or for any future subjects in our ongoing or future clinical studies and may not be repeated or observed in ongoing or
 future studies involving our product candidates. Furthermore, our product candidates may also fail to show the desired safety and efficacy in later stages of clinical development despite having successfully advanced through initial clinical
 studies. We cannot guarantee that any of these studies will ultimately be successful or that preclinical or early-stage clinical studies will support further clinical advancement or regulatory approval of our product candidates.

From time to time, we may publicly disclose interim or topline data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related
 findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and
 we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the topline or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or
 considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the
 preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the
 clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available or as patients from our clinical trials continue other treatments for their disease. Adverse differences between preliminary or
 interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects.

Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which
 could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercial viability of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a
 particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure.

Data obtained from preclinical and clinical activities are subject to varying interpretations, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. In addition, regulatory delays or
 rejections may be encountered as a result of many factors, including changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development . 

Our product candidates may cause undesirable and unforeseen side effects or be perceived by the public as unsafe, which could delay or prevent their advancement into
 clinical trials or regulatory approval, limit the commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences.

Gene therapy is still a relatively new approach to disease treatment and adverse side effects could develop with our product candidates.

37 

Table of Contents 

Possible adverse side effects that could occur with treatment with gene therapy products include an immunologic reaction soon after administration which could substantially limit the effectiveness and durability
 of the treatment. If certain side effects are observed in testing of our potential product candidates, we may decide or be required to halt or delay further clinical development of our product candidates. The FDA or other regulatory authorities
 may require us to halt or delay clinical development of our product candidates for reasons unrelated to new drug-related safety events being observed. For example, our Phase 1 clinical trial of RP-A501 for the treatment of Danon Disease was
 placed on clinical hold by the FDA in May of 2021 following a thrombotic microangiopathy event believed to be due to immune-mediated complement activation. We modified the study protocol and other supporting documents with revised guidelines
 for patient selection and safety management. The clinical hold was lifted in August 2021.

In addition to side effects caused by the product candidate, the administration process or related procedures associated with a given product candidate also can cause adverse side effects. If any such adverse
 events occur, our clinical trials could be suspended or terminated. Under certain circumstances, the FDA, the European Commission, the EMA or other regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of, or deny approval of, our
 product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Moreover, if we elect or are required, to not initiate or to delay, suspend or terminate any ongoing or future clinical trial of any of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of
 such product candidates may be harmed and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates may be delayed or eliminated.

Furthermore, if undesirable side effects caused by our product candidate are identified following regulatory approval of a product candidate, such as in long-term follow-up studies, several potentially
 significant negative consequences could result, including:

regulatory authorities may suspend or withdraw approvals of such product candidate;

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label;

we may be required to change the way a product candidate is administered or conduct additional clinical trials; and

our reputation may suffer.

Any of these occurrences may harm our ability to develop other product candidates, and may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly.

Risks Related to Government Regulation 

Our gene therapy product candidates are based on novel technology, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development and subsequently
 obtaining regulatory approval. Currently, only a few gene and cell therapy products have been approved in the United States and the European Union.

We have concentrated our R D efforts to date on a gene therapy platform, and our future success depends on the successful development of viable gene therapy product candidates.

The clinical study requirements of the FDA, the EMA, and other regulatory agencies and the criteria these regulators use to determine the safety and efficacy of a product candidate vary substantially according
 to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use and market of the potential products. The regulatory approval process for novel product candidates such as ours can be more expensive and take longer than for other, better known or more
 extensively studied pharmaceutical or other product candidates. Currently, only a few gene and cell therapy products have received marketing authorization in the U.S. or the EU, including Novartis Pharmaceuticals Kymriah and Zolgensma
 (developed by AveXis), Kite Pharma s Yescarta, GlaxoSmithKline s Strimvelis and Spark Therapeutics Luxturna. It is therefore difficult to determine how long it will take or how much it will cost to obtain regulatory approvals for our product
 candidates in the U.S., the EU or other jurisdictions. Approvals by the EMA may not be indicative of what the FDA may require for approval. Delay or failure to obtain, or unexpected costs in obtaining, the regulatory approvals necessary to
 bring a potential product to market could decrease our ability to generate sufficient product revenue and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed.

Regulatory requirements governing gene therapy products have evolved and may continue to change in the future. For example, FDA s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research CBER may require us to perform
 additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials that may increase our development costs, lead to changes in regulatory positions and interpretations, delay or prevent approval and commercialization of our gene therapy product candidates or
 lead to significant post-approval limitations or restrictions. Additionally, the FDA continues to develop its approach to assessing gene and cell therapy products. For example, the agency has released a series of draft and final guidance
 documents relating to, among other topics, various aspects of gene therapy product development, review, and approval, including aspects relating to clinical and manufacturing issues related to gene therapy products. In January 2020, FDA
 released a final guidance with recommendations for long-term follow-up studies of patients following human gene therapy administration due to the increased risk of undesirable and unpredictable outcomes with gene therapies that may present as
 delayed adverse events. The final guidance advises that patients treated with gene therapies that incorporate integrating vectors, such as lentiviral vectors, undergo long-term safety and efficacy follow up of fifteen years post therapy while
 patients treated with gene therapies that incorporate AAV vectors undergo long-term safety and efficacy follow-up as long as five years post therapy. We cannot be certain whether such guidance, or others that FDA may issue, will adversely
 impact our gene therapy candidates or the duration or expense of any applicable regulatory development and review processes.

38 

Table of Contents 

In addition to the submission of an IND to the FDA before initiation of a clinical trial in the United States, certain human clinical trials involving recombinant or synthetic nucleic
 acid molecules are subject to oversight of institutional biosafety committees, or IBCs, as set forth in the NIH Guidelines for Research Involving Recombinant or Synthetic Nucleic Acid Molecules, or NIH Guidelines. Under the NIH Guidelines,
 recombinant and synthetic nucleic acids are defined as: (i) molecules that are constructed by joining nucleic acid molecules and that can replicate in a living cell (i.e., recombinant nucleic acids); (ii) nucleic acid molecules that are
 chemically or by other means synthesized or amplified, including those that are chemically or otherwise modified but can base pair with naturally occurring nucleic acid molecules (i.e., synthetic nucleic acids); or (iii) molecules that result
 from the replication of those described in (i) or (ii). Specifically, under the NIH Guidelines, supervision of human gene transfer trials includes evaluation and assessment by an IBC, a local institutional committee that reviews and oversees
 research utilizing recombinant or synthetic nucleic acid molecules at that institution. The IBC assesses the safety of the research and identifies any potential risk to public health or the environment, and such review may result in some
 delay before initiation of a clinical trial. While the NIH Guidelines are not mandatory unless the research in question is being conducted at or sponsored by institutions receiving NIH funding of recombinant or synthetic nucleic acid molecule
 research, many companies and other institutions not otherwise subject to the NIH Guidelines voluntarily follow them.

In addition, the EMA s Committee for Advanced Therapies CAT and other regulatory review committees and advisory groups and any new guidelines they promulgate may lengthen the regulatory review process,
 require us to perform additional studies, increase our development costs, lead to changes in regulatory positions and interpretations, delay or prevent approval and commercialization of our product candidates or lead to significant
 post-approval limitations or restrictions. As we advance our product candidates, we will be required to consult with these regulatory and advisory groups and comply with applicable guidelines. If we fail to do so, we may be required to delay or
 discontinue development of certain of our product candidates. These additional processes may result in a review and approval process that is longer than we otherwise would have expected. Delay or failure to obtain, or unexpected costs in
 obtaining, the regulatory approval necessary to bring a potential product to market could decrease our ability to generate product revenue, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects would be materially harmed.

Even though we have obtained orphan designation for certain of our product candidates, we may not be able to realize the benefits of such designation, including potential
 marketing exclusivity of our product candidates, if approved.

Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and other major markets, may designate drugs intended to treat conditions or diseases affecting relatively small patient populations as
 orphan drugs. The FDA may designate a product candidate as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as having a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States,
 or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. In the European Union, the European Commission,
 based on the recommendation of the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products grants orphan drug designation to promote the development of products that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or
 chronically debilitating condition and either (i) such condition affects not more than 5 in 10,000 persons in the European Union; or (ii) without incentives, it is unlikely that sales of the drug in the European Union would be sufficient to
 justify the necessary investment in developing the drug or biologic product. In either case, the applicant for orphan designation must also demonstrate that there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of the
 condition in question that has been authorized in the European Union or, if such method exists, the product must be of significant benefit compared to products available for the condition.

We have received orphan designation from the FDA and the European Commission for RP-L102 for the treatment of Fanconi Anemia, for RP-L201 for the treatment of Leukocyte Adhesion Deficiency-1, for RP-L301 for the
 treatment of Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency, and FDA orphan drug designation for RP-A501 for treatment of Danon Disease and RP-401 for the treatment of Infantile Malignant Osteopetrosis. To date, we have not requested orphan drug designation (or
 the foreign equivalent) for any other product candidates, and even if we do in the future there can be no assurances that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will grant any of our product candidates such designation. Additionally, the
 designation of any of our product candidates as an orphan product does not mean that any regulatory agency will accelerate regulatory review of, or ultimately approve, that product candidate, nor does it limit the ability of any regulatory
 agency to grant orphan drug designation to product candidates of other companies that treat the same indications as our product candidates prior to our product candidates receiving exclusive marketing approval.

Generally, if a product candidate with an orphan drug designation receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to a period of marketing
 exclusivity, which precludes the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities from approving another marketing application for a product that constitutes the same drug (or similar medicinal product in the EEA, which is defined as a medicinal product
 containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal product, and which is intended for the same therapeutic indication) treating the same indication for that marketing exclusivity period, except in
 limited circumstances. If another sponsor receives such approval before we do (regardless of our orphan drug designation), or if in the EU a similar medicinal product is approved before we obtain a market authorizations for our product, we
 will be precluded from receiving marketing approval for our product for the applicable exclusivity period. The applicable period is seven years in the United States and 10 years in the European Union. The exclusivity period in the European
 Union may be extended by an additional two years if the applicant enjoys the incentives and rewards granted for including the results of additional pediatric studies in its product information. On the other hand, the exclusivity period in the
 European Union can be reduced to six years if a product no longer meets the criteria for orphan drug designation, such designation is revoked by the sponsor or expires, including if the product is sufficiently profitable so that market
 exclusivity is no longer justified. Orphan drug exclusivity may be revoked if any regulatory agency determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the
 product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition.

39 

Table of Contents 

Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product candidate, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product candidate from competition because different drugs can be approved for the same
 condition in the United States. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA may subsequently approve another drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the latter drug is not the same drug or is clinically superior in that it is
 shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. The FDA may further reevaluate its regulations and policies related to orphan designation and orphan drug exclusivity. We do not know if, when, or how the FDA may
 change the orphan drug regulations and policies in the future, and it is uncertain how any changes might affect our business. Depending on what changes the FDA may make to its orphan drug regulations and policies, our business could be
 adversely impacted.

In the European Union, marketing authorization may be granted to a similar medicinal product for the same orphan indication if:

the second applicant can establish in its application that its medicinal product, although similar to the orphan medicinal product already authorized, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior;

the holder of the marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product consents to a second orphan medicinal product application; or

the holder of the marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product cannot supply sufficient quantities of orphan medicinal product.

A Fast Track or regenerative medicine advanced therapy, or RMAT, designation by the FDA, or a PRIority MEdicines, or PRIME, designation by the EMA, even if granted for any
 of our current or future product candidates, may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and does not increase the likelihood that our current product candidate and any future product candidates will receive
 marketing approval.

If a product candidate is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the product demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the sponsor may apply
 for FDA Fast Track designation for a particular indication. We have received fast track designation for RP-A501 for Danon disease, RP-L102 for FA, RP-L201 for LAD-I and RP-L301 for PKD. We may seek Fast Track designation for future product
 candidates, but there is no assurance that the FDA will grant this status to any of our proposed product candidates.

A company may request RMAT designation of its product candidate, and FDA may grant such designation if the product meets the following criteria: (i) it is a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering product,
 human cell and tissue product, or any combination product using such therapies or products, with limited exceptions; (ii) it is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and (iii)
 preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a disease or condition. We have received RMAT designation for RP-A501 for Danon disease, RP-L102 for FA and RP-L201 for LAD-I. RMAT
 designation provides potential benefits that include more frequent meetings with FDA to discuss the development plan for the product candidate, and potential eligibility for rolling review and priority review. Products granted RMAT designation
 may also be eligible for accelerated approval on the basis of a surrogate or intermediate endpoint reasonably likely to predict long-term clinical benefit, or reliance upon data obtained from a meaningful number of sites, including through
 expansion of trials to additional sites.

PRIME designation is a scheme provided by the EMA to enhance support for the development of medicines that target an unmet medical need. To qualify for PRIME designation, product candidates require early
 clinical evidence that the therapy has the potential to offer a therapeutic advantage over existing treatments or benefits patients without treatment options. We have received PRIME designation for RP-L102 for FA and RP-L201 for LAD-I. Among
 the benefits of PRIME are the appointment of a rapporteur to provide continuous support and help build knowledge ahead of a marketing authorization application, early dialogue and scientific advice at key development milestones, and the
 potential to qualify products for accelerated review earlier in the application process.

The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant Fast Track or RMAT designation, and the EMA has broad discretion whether or not to grant PRIME designation, so even if we believe a particular product
 candidate is eligible for such designations, there can be no assurance that the FDA or EMA would decide to grant it. Even if we do receive Fast Track, RMAT or PRIME designation, we may not experience a faster development process, review or
 approval compared to conventional development, review, and approval timelines, and receiving a Fast Track, RMAT or PRIME designation does not change the standards for the product approval. In addition, the FDA may withdraw Fast Track or RMAT
 designation and the EMA may revoke PRIME designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program.

Accelerated approval by the FDA, and conditional approval by the EMA, may not lead to a faster development process or regulatory review and does not increase the likelihood that our
 product candidates will receive marketing approval. If we are not successful with this process, the development or commercialization of our product candidates for which we seek accelerated approval or conditional approval could be delayed,
 abandoned or become significantly more costly .

40 

Table of Contents 

We may seek approval of our product candidates using the FDA s accelerated approval and the EMA s conditional approval pathways. While we may utilize trial designs to support accelerated approval, such product
 candidates may not be subject to faster development or regulatory review timelines.

A product may be eligible for accelerated approval by the FDA if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition, generally provides a meaningful advantage over available therapies, and demonstrates an effect
 on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. As a condition of accelerated approval, the FDA may impose specific obligations with defined timelines, including to perform adequate and well-controlled
 post-marketing clinical trials. These confirmatory trials must be completed with due diligence. In addition, the FDA currently requires, unless otherwise informed by the agency, pre-approval of promotional materials for products receiving
 accelerated approval, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of a product. If the FDA or the EMA do not approve our product candidates for which we seek accelerated approval or conditional approval, but instead require
 the completion of a full Phase 3 clinical trial or trials prior to the filing of marketing applications, the development and commercialization timeline of such product candidates will be delayed. Even if we do receive accelerated approval or
 conditional approval, we may not ultimately receive full approval from the regulatory agencies. The additional data generated through post-marketing clinical trials may not confirm that the benefit-risk balance of any of our product candidates
 that receive accelerated approval is positive or the burden to further complete the obligations may become too high. Additionally, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023, enacted on December 29, 2022, contained revisions to the accelerated
 approval process that provide FDA with additional authority to enforce the post-market study requirements and withdraw approvals more rapidly when holders of accelerated approvals fail to comply with post-approval clinical study requirements.

In the European Union, the conditional marketing authorization is subject to an annual renewal procedure that assesses the marketing authorization holder s compliance with the specific obligations of the
 authorization. If conditions are not complied with, the EMA may decide to extend the timeline for the existing obligations, change the scope of such obligations or add new obligations, which may require additional financial resources and time.
 We may not be able to comply with such changes or additional obligations and may need to withdraw the marketing authorization. The EMA may also decide not to renew the conditional marketing authorization, although such measure is rarely applied
 in practice. An analysis of reimbursement decisions for conditionally authorized medicines in the European Union has shown some delays in the timeline for reaching a positive health technology recommendation. If this happens for any product
 candidate for which we seek conditional approval, it may delay the timing and success of the commercialization of such product. Finally, if new data obtained from fulfilment of the conditions of the conditional authorization or otherwise show
 that our product s benefits no longer outweigh its risks, the EMA can take regulatory action, such as suspending or revoking the conditional marketing authorization.

We have received rare pediatric disease designation for RP-A501 for Danon disease, RP-L102 for FA, and RP-L201 for LAD-I. However, a marketing application for these product candidates, if
 approved, may not meet the eligibility criteria for a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher.

We have received rare pediatric disease designation for RP-A501 for Danon disease, RP-L102 for FA, and RP-L201 for LAD-I. Designation of a biological product as a product for a rare pediatric disease does not
 guarantee that a BLA for such biological product will meet the eligibility criteria for a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher at the time the application is approved. Under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), we will
 need to request a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher in our original BLA for our product candidates for which we have received rare pediatric disease designation. The FDA may determine that a BLA for any such product candidates, if
 approved, does not meet the eligibility criteria for a priority review voucher.

The authority for the FDA to award rare pediatric disease priority review vouchers for biological products after September 30, 2024 is currently limited to biological products that receive rare pediatric disease
 designation on or prior to September 30, 2024, and FDA may only award rare pediatric disease priority review vouchers through September 30, 2026. However, it is possible the authority for FDA to award rare pediatric disease priority review
 vouchers will be further extended by Congress.

Even if we successfully complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, we cannot predict when, or if, we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize a
 product candidate and the approval may be for a narrower indication than we seek.

We cannot commercialize a product candidate until the appropriate regulatory authorities have reviewed and approved the product candidate. We have not received approval from regulatory authorities in any
 jurisdiction to market any of our product candidates. Even if our product candidates meet their safety and efficacy endpoints in clinical trials, the regulatory authorities may not complete their review processes in a timely manner, issue a
 complete response letter, or ultimately, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections if an FDA Advisory Committee recommends disapproval or restrictions on use. In addition, we may
 experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative actions, or changes in regulatory authority policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and the review
 process. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other
 studies. In addition, varying interpretations of data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent the receipt of marketing approval for a product candidate.

41 

Table of Contents 

Regulatory authorities also may approve a product candidate for more limited indications than requested or they may impose significant limitations in the form of narrow indications, warnings or other labeling
 changes. These regulatory authorities may require precautions or contra-indications with respect to conditions of use or they may grant approval subject to the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials. Regulatory authorities may
 impose restrictions and conditions on product distribution, prescribing, or dispensing in the form of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, or equivalent requirement. In addition, regulatory authorities may not approve the
 labeling claims that are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates and materially harm our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

Even if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, we will remain subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory scrutiny.

Even if we obtain regulatory approval in a jurisdiction, we will remain subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory scrutiny. The applicable regulatory authority may still impose
 significant restrictions on the indicated uses or marketing of our product candidates or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies, post-market surveillance or patient or drug restrictions once a product candidate
 is approved. Additionally, the holder of an approved BLA is obligated to monitor and report adverse events and any failure of a product to meet the specifications in the BLA. The holder of an approved BLA must also submit new or supplemental
 applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling or manufacturing process. FDA guidance advises that patients treated with some types of gene therapy undergo follow-up observations for potential
 adverse events for as long as 15 years. Advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules and are subject to FDA review, in addition to other potentially applicable federal and state laws.

In addition, product manufacturers and their facilities are subject to payment of user fees and continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with GMP, and
 current good tissue practice, as well as adherence to commitments made in the BLA. For certain commercial prescription biological products, manufacturers and other parties involved in the supply chain must also meet chain of distribution
 requirements and build electronic, interoperable systems for product tracking and tracing and for notifying the FDA of counterfeit, diverted, stolen and intentionally adulterated products or other products that are otherwise unfit for
 distribution in the United States. If we or a regulatory agency discover previously unknown problems with a product such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured,
 a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product or the manufacturing facility, including requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing.

If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements following approval of any of our product candidates, a regulatory agency may take a variety of actions, including:

issue a warning letter asserting that we are in violation of the law;

seek an injunction or impose civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines;

suspend any ongoing clinical studies;

refuse to approve a pending marketing application, such as a BLA or supplements to a BLA submitted by us;

seize products; or

refuse to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts.

Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. The occurrence of any event or penalty
 described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate revenues and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

In addition, the FDA s policies, and those of comparable foreign regulatory authorities, may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of
 our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative actions, either in the U.S. or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in
 existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval which we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which
 would materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We may never obtain FDA or EMA approval for any of our product candidates in the U.S. or the EU, and even if we do, we may never obtain approval for or commercialize any of our product
 candidates in any other jurisdiction, which would limit our ability to realize our full market potential.

In order to eventually market any of our product candidates in any particular jurisdiction, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements regarding safety and efficacy on a
 jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. Approval by the FDA in the U.S. or the EMA in the EU, if obtained, does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions. In addition, preclinical studies and clinical trials
 conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not guarantee regulatory approval in any other country. Approval processes vary among countries and can
 involve additional product testing and validation and additional administrative review periods. Seeking foreign regulatory approval could result in difficulties and costs for us and require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials
 which could be costly and time-consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in those countries. The foreign regulatory approval process involves similar
 risks to those associated with FDA and EMA approval. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale in any jurisdiction, including international markets, nor have we attempted to obtain such approval. If we fail to comply with
 regulatory requirements in international markets or to obtain and maintain required approvals, or if regulatory approvals in international markets are delayed, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market
 potential of our products will be unrealized.

42 

Table of Contents 

If approved, our product candidates may face competition from biosimilars approved through an abbreviated regulatory pathway.

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively the ACA, includes a subtitle called the Biologics
 Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biologic products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biologic product. Under the BPCIA, an
 application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by
 the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a BLA for the
 competing product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity, and potency of the other company s product. The law is complex and is still being
 interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty.

We believe that any of our product candidates approved as a biologic product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this
 exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our investigational medicines to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for generic
 competition sooner than anticipated. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject of recent litigation. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once licensed, will be
 substituted for any one of our reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biologic products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still
 developing.

If competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for biosimilars referencing our products, our products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant
 competitive pressure and consequences.

Healthcare legislative reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

The U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions have enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates or any
 future product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product for which we obtain marketing approval. Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing
 regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv)
 additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. See the section entitled, Business Government Regulation 
 Healthcare Legislative Reform .

Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of
 reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty
 drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost
 of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform
 measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that the U.S. Federal Government will pay for healthcare drugs and services, which could result in reduced demand for our drug candidates or additional pricing
 pressures.

Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price
 or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain drug access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price
 controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly
 using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for our drugs or put pressure on our drug
 pricing, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

The United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union, or Brexit, could result in increased regulatory and legal complexity, which may make it more difficult for us to
 do business in Europe and impose additional challenges in securing regulatory approval of our product candidates in Europe and/or the United Kingdom.

43 

Table of Contents 

We currently have clinical trial sites in the United Kingdom, contract laboratories in the United Kingdom conducting testing for our global clinical trials, and other collaborators and potential collaborators in
 the United Kingdom and throughout Europe. Pursuant to Article 50 of the Treaty on EU, the UK ceased being a Member State of the EU on January 31, 2020. The UK reached a trade agreement with the European Union, which became provisionally
 applicable on January 1, 2021 and has been formally applicable since May 1, 2021. Under the terms of the deal, the EU and UK have separate regulatory regimes for pharmaceutical products, although there are some provisions for mutual recognition
 of standards, for example with regards to GMP. For instance, the UK is no longer covered by the centralized procedure for obtaining EU-wide marketing authorizations for medicinal products, and a separate process for authorization of medicinal
 products will be required in the UK, resulting in an authorization covering the UK or Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales) only. At present, Great Britain has implemented EU legislation on the marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal
 products through the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 (as amended) (under the Northern Ireland Protocol, the EU regulatory framework will continue to apply in Northern Ireland). The regulatory regime in Great Britain therefore currently broadly
 aligns with EU regulations, however it is possible that these regimes will diverge in future now that Great Britain s regulatory system is independent from the EU and the TCA does not provide for mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical
 legislation.

The cumulative effects of the disruption to the regulatory framework may add considerably to the development lead time to marketing authorization and commercialization of products in the European Union and/or
 the United Kingdom. It is possible that there will be increased regulatory complexities which can disrupt the timing of our clinical trials and regulatory approvals. In addition, changes in, and legal uncertainty with regard to, national and
 international laws and regulations may present difficulties for our clinical and regulatory strategy.

In addition, as a result of Brexit, other European countries may seek to conduct referenda with respect to their continuing membership with the European Union. Given these possibilities and others we may not
 anticipate, as well as the absence of comparable precedent, it is unclear what financial, regulatory and legal implications the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union would have and how such withdrawal would affect us, and the
 full extent to which our business could be adversely affected.

Risks Related to Noncompliance with Applicable Laws or Regulations 

If we are successful in commercializing any product, our relationships with customers and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse
 and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, exclusion from government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings.

Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any products for which we obtain regulatory approval. Our arrangements with third-party
 payors, healthcare providers and physicians may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our
 operations, including how we research, market, sell and distribute any products for which we obtain regulatory approval. See the section entitled, Business Government Regulation Anti-Kickback and False
 Claims Laws and Other Regulatory Matters . 

The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations.
 Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the
 healthcare industry. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties, and our business generally, will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental
 authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are
 found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the exclusion from
 participation in federal and state healthcare programs, individual imprisonment, reputational harm, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a
 corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. Defending against any such actions
 can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant financial and personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. If any of the
 physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions
 from government funded healthcare programs.

44 

Table of Contents 

If we fail to comply with applicable U.S. and foreign privacy and data protection laws and regulations, we may be subject to liabilities that adversely affect our business,
 operations and financial performance.

We may also be subject to or affected by foreign laws and regulation, including regulatory guidance, governing the collection, use, disclosure, security, transfer and storage of personal data, such as
 information that we collect about patients and healthcare providers in connection with clinical trials and our other operations in the U.S. and abroad. For example, the E.U. s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which introduces strict
 requirements for processing all personal data and imposes even more stringent requirements for certain categories of sensitive information, including health related information. The GDPR increases the compliance burden on us, including by
 imposing documentation requirements and granting certain rights to individuals to control how we collect, use, disclose, retain and leverage information about them. The GDPR provides for breach reporting requirements, more robust regulatory
 enforcement and fines of up to 20 million euros or up to 4 of annual global revenue. While the GDPR affords some flexibility in determining how to comply with the various requirements, significant effort and expense has been, and will continue
 to be, invested to ensure continuing compliance. Moreover, the requirements under the GDPR may change periodically or may be modified by EU national law and could affect our business operations if compliance becomes substantially more costly
 than under current requirements.

In addition, while the GDPR ceased to apply to the U.K. following Brexit, the U.K. s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the U.K. GDPR into U.K. law. The U.K. GDPR and the U.K. Data Protection Act
 2018 set out the U.K. s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the EU s data protection regime. Non-compliance with the U.K. GDPR may result in monetary penalties of the greater of 17.5 million or 4 of worldwide
 revenue. Although the UK is regarded as a third country under the EU s GDPR, the European Commission EC has now issued a decision recognizing the UK as providing adequate protection under the EU GDPR and, therefore, transfers of personal
 data originating in the EU to the UK remain unrestricted. Like the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the UK to countries not regarded by the UK as providing adequate protection. The UK government has confirmed that
 personal data transfers from the UK to the EEA remain free flowing.

To enable the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA or the UK, adequate safeguards must be implemented in compliance with European and UK data protection laws. On June 4, 2021, the EC issued new forms of
 standard contractual clauses for data transfers from controllers or processors in the EU/EEA (or otherwise subject to the GDPR) to controllers or processors established outside the EU/EEA (and not subject to the GDPR), replacing the standard
 contractual clauses that were adopted previously under the EU Data Protection Directive. The UK is not subject to the EC s new standard contractual clauses but has published a draft version of a UK-specific transfer mechanism, which, once
 finalized, will enable transfers from the UK. We will be required to implement these new safeguards when conducting restricted data transfers under the EU and UK GDPR and doing so will require significant effort and cost.

In the United States, there are numerous privacy laws that may be applicable to our activities, and a range of enforcement agencies at both the state and federal levels that can review companies for privacy and
 data security concerns based on general consumer protection laws. New laws also are being considered or have been implemented at both the state and federal levels. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (effective on January
 1, 2020), as amended by the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020 (effective on January 1, 2023) CCPA ), requires companies that process information of California residents consumers, as defined under the CCPA) to make
 specific disclosures about their data collection, use and disclosure practices, provides consumers with individual data privacy rights, including enabling consumers to limit the use of their sensitive personal information, imposes new
 operational requirements for covered businesses, imposes data retention limitations, provides a private right of action for data breaches, creates a statutory damages framework and creates a new state agency, the California Privacy Protection
 Agency, that is vested with the authority to implement and enforce the CCPA. Although there are limited exemptions for clinical trial data under the CCPA, the CCPA and other similar laws could impact our business activities in the future
 depending on our revenue growth, how much consumer data we process, and how such laws are interpreted. Additionally, four additional states have enacted privacy laws, which could increase our potential liability and adversely affect our
 business in the future. In particular, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act VCDPA became effective on January 1, 2023; the Colorado Privacy Act CPA and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act CTDPA will become effective on July 1,
 2023; and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act UCPA will become effective on December 31, 2023. While these regulations incorporate many similar concepts to the CCPA, there are also several key differences in their scope, application, and
 enforcement that will, among other things, impact how regulated businesses collect and process personal sensitive data, conduct data protection assessments, transfer personal data to affiliates, and respond to consumer rights requests.

Other states are considering similar legislation and a broad range of legislative measures also have been introduced at the federal level. Such proposed legislation, if enacted, may add additional complexity,
 variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk, require additional investment of resources in compliance programs, impact strategies and the availability of previously useful data and could result in increased compliance costs
 and/or changes in business practices and policies. The existence of comprehensive privacy laws in different states in the country makes our compliance obligations more complex and costly and may increase the likelihood that we may be subject to
 enforcement actions or otherwise incur liability for noncompliance.

Further, regulations promulgated pursuant to HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and their implementing regulations, or collectively HIPAA, imposes
 privacy, security and breach notification obligations on certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their business associates that perform certain services that involve
 creating, receiving, maintaining or transmitting individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of such covered entities, and their covered subcontractors. HIPAA establishes privacy and security standards that limit the use and
 disclosure of individually identifiable health information and protected health information, or PHI, and requires the implementation of administrative, physical, and technological safeguards to protect the privacy of PHI and ensure the
 confidentiality, integrity, and availability of electronic PHI. Most healthcare providers, including research institutions from which we obtain patient health information, are subject to privacy and security regulations promulgated under HIPAA,
 as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act. We do not believe that we are currently acting as a covered entity or business associate under HIPAA and thus are not directly subject to its requirements or
 penalties. However, any person may be prosecuted under HIPAA s criminal provisions either directly or under aiding-and-abetting or conspiracy principles. Consequently, depending on the facts and circumstances, we could face substantial criminal
 penalties if we knowingly receive individually identifiable health information from a HIPAA-covered healthcare provider or research institution that has not satisfied HIPAA s requirements for disclosure of individually identifiable health
 information.

45 

Table of Contents 

The global legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable
 future. This evolution may create uncertainty in our business, result in liability or impose additional costs on us. The cost of compliance with these laws, regulations and standards is high and is likely to continue to increase in the future.

It is possible that privacy laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with federal, state, or foreign laws or
 self-regulatory standards could result in negative publicity, diversion of management time and effort and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. In many jurisdictions, enforcement actions and consequences for noncompliance
 are rising. As we continue to expand into other foreign countries and jurisdictions, we may be subject to additional laws and regulations that may affect how we conduct business.

In addition to the risks associated with enforcement activities and potential contractual liabilities, our ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations at the federal and state level may be
 costly and require ongoing modifications to our policies, procedures and systems. Further, any failure by our third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants to comply with applicable law, regulations or contractual
 obligations related to data privacy or security could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others.

We may also publish privacy policies and other documentation regarding our collection, processing, use and disclosure of personal information and/or other confidential information. Although we endeavor to comply
 with applicable regulations, our published policies and other documentation, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so. Despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our employees or
 vendors fail to comply with our published policies and documentation. Such failures can subject us to potential international, local, state and federal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual
 practices. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights or failed to comply with data protection laws or applicable privacy notices, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result
 in adverse publicity that could harm our business. We also face a threat of consumer class actions related to these laws and the overall protection of personal information. Even if we are not determined to have violated these laws, government
 investigations into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could harm our reputation and our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects.

We are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and we may become exposed to liability and substantial expenses in connection with environmental
 compliance or remediation activities.

Our operations, including our development, testing and manufacturing activities, are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations govern, among other
 things, the controlled use, handling, release and disposal of and the maintenance of a registry for, hazardous materials and biological materials, such as chemical solvents, human cells, carcinogenic compounds, mutagenic compounds and compounds
 that have a toxic effect on reproduction, laboratory procedures and exposure to blood-borne pathogens. If we fail to comply with such laws and regulations, we could be subject to fines or other sanctions.

As with other companies engaged in similar activities, we face a risk of environmental liability inherent in our activities, including liability relating to releases of or exposure to hazardous or biological
 materials. Environmental, health and safety laws and regulations are becoming more stringent. We may be required to incur substantial expenses in connection with future environmental compliance or remediation activities, in which case, the
 production efforts of our third-party manufacturers or our development efforts may be interrupted or delayed.

Risks Related to Manufacturing, Commercialization and Development of Our Product Candidates

Risks Related to Manufacturing our Product Candidates 

Products intended for use in gene therapies are novel, complex and difficult to manufacture. We could experience production problems that result in delays in our
 development or commercialization programs, limit the supply of our products or otherwise harm our business.

We currently have development, manufacturing, and testing agreements with third parties to manufacture supplies of our product candidates. Several factors could cause production interruptions, including
 equipment malfunctions, facility contamination, raw material shortages or contamination, natural disasters, public health crises such as pandemics and epidemics, disruption in utility services, human error or disruptions in the operations of
 suppliers.

46 

Table of Contents 

Our product candidates require processing steps that are more complex than those required for small molecule pharmaceuticals. The facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our product
 candidates must be inspected by the FDA pursuant to pre-approval inspections that will be conducted after we submit our marketing applications to the FDA. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and will be completely dependent on, our
 contract manufacturers for compliance with cGMPs in connection with the manufacture of our product candidates. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory
 requirements of the FDA or others, they will not be able to pass regulatory inspections and/or maintain regulatory compliance for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have no control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to
 maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority finds deficiencies with or does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or
 if it finds deficiencies or withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product
 candidates, if approved.

Any problems in our manufacturing process or the facilities with which we contract could make us a less attractive collaborator for potential partners, including larger pharmaceutical companies and academic
 research institutions, which could limit our access to attractive development programs. Problems in third-party manufacturing processes or facilities also could restrict our ability to complete our clinical trials in a timely manner or meet
 market demand for our products. Additionally, should our manufacturing agreements with third parties be terminated for any reason, there may be a limited number of manufacturers who would be suitable replacements and it could take a significant
 amount of time to transition the manufacturing to a replacement. In some cases, the technical skills required to manufacture our products or product candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original manufacturer and we may have
 difficulty, or there may be contractual restrictions prohibiting us from, transferring such skills to a back-up or alternate supplier, or we may be unable to transfer such skills at all. Changes to the manufacturing process or the transfer or
 setup of new manufacturing facilities could require that we conduct bridging studies before being able to proceed with either clinical or commercial manufacturing activities. We may be unsuccessful in demonstrating the comparability of clinical
 supplies which could require the conduct of additional clinical trials. Further, the shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since the new facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements or may
 require approval before selling any products manufactured at that facility.

We are preparing our manufacturing facility for cGMP manufacturing. We have limited experience in manufacturing, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to
 manufacture products.

We have historically relied on third parties to manufacture supplies of our product candidates. We have completed a build-out of a new manufacturing facility in Cranbury, New Jersey, and have recently completed
 two Danon AAV cGMP production batches.

Although some of our employees have experience in the manufacturing of biopharmaceutical products from prior employment at other companies, we as a company have very limited prior experience in manufacturing. In
 addition, government approvals will be required for us to operate a manufacturing facility and can be time-consuming to obtain, and there can be no assurance that such approval will be obtained. As a manufacturer of pharmaceutical products, we
 also will be required to demonstrate and maintain compliance with cGMP requirements related to production processes, quality control and assurance and recordkeeping. Furthermore, establishing and maintaining manufacturing operations may require
 a reallocation of other resources, particularly the time and attention of certain of our senior management as well as potentially significant capital expenditures. Any failure or delay in the development of our manufacturing capabilities could
 adversely impact the development or commercialization of our product candidates.

Our manufacturing facilities are subject to significant government regulations and approvals, which are often costly and could result in adverse consequences to our
 business if we fail to comply with the regulations or maintain the approvals.

We must comply with cGMP requirements, as set out in statute, regulations and guidance. We may encounter difficulties in achieving quality control and quality assurance and may experience shortages in qualified
 personnel. We are subject to inspections by the FDA and comparable agencies in other jurisdictions to confirm compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Any failure to follow cGMP or other regulatory requirements or delay, interruption
 or other issues that arise in the manufacture, fill-finish, packaging, or storage of our product candidates as a result of a failure of our facilities or the facilities or operations of third parties to comply with regulatory requirements or
 pass any regulatory authority inspection could significantly impair our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates, including leading to significant delays in the availability of drug product for our clinical trials or the
 termination or hold on a clinical trial, or the delay or prevention of a filing or approval of marketing applications for our product candidates. Significant noncompliance could also result in the imposition of sanctions, including fines,
 injunctions, civil penalties, failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing approvals for our product candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions
 and criminal prosecutions, any of which could damage our reputation. If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may not be permitted to market our product candidates and/or may be subject to product recalls, seizures, injunctions,
 or criminal prosecution.

Risks Related to Commercialization of our Product Candidates 

Our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates will substantially depend upon the availability of reimbursement for the costs of the resulting
 drugs and related treatments.

47 

Table of Contents 

In the United States and markets in other countries, patients generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all, or part of the costs associated with their treatment. The availability and extent of
 reimbursement by governmental and private payors is essential for most patients to be able to afford expensive treatments. Sales of our product candidates will depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs
 of our product candidates will be covered and paid by government authorities and other third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, which we cannot guarantee. We have not commenced efforts to have
 our product candidates reimbursed by government or third-party payors. If coverage and reimbursement are not available or are available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our products. Even if coverage is
 provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow us to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize a sufficient return on our investment. The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a
 product may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product. Payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the
 FDA-approved products for a particular indication. A decision by a payor not to cover our product candidates could reduce physician utilization of our products once approved and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations
 and financial condition. See the section entitled, Business Government Regulation Coverage and Reimbursement . 

There is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the U.S., the principal decisions about coverage and reimbursement for new
 medicines are typically made by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, as CMS decides whether and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and
 reimbursed under Medicare. Private payors tend to follow the CMS to a substantial degree. It is difficult to predict what the CMS will decide with respect to reimbursement for fundamentally novel products such as ours, as there is no body of
 established practices and precedents for these new products. Factors payors consider in determining reimbursement are based on whether the product is:

a covered benefit under its health plan;

safe, effective, and medically necessary;

appropriate for the specific patient;

cost-effective; and

neither experimental nor investigational.

In recent years, numerous proposals to change the health care system in the U.S. have been made. These reform proposals include measures that would limit or prohibit payments for certain medical treatments or
 subject the pricing of drugs to government control. In addition, in many foreign countries, particularly the countries of the EU, the pricing of prescription drugs is subject to government control. If our products are or become subject to
 government regulation that limits or prohibits payment for our products, or that subjects the price of our products to governmental control, we may not be able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products.

In addition, third-party payors are increasingly limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new drugs. They may also impose strict prior authorization requirements and/or refuse to provide any
 coverage of uses of approved products for medical indications other than those for which the FDA has granted market approvals. As a result, significant uncertainty exists as to whether and how much third-party payors will reimburse patients for
 their use of newly approved drugs. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs
 from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices
 charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. In addition, many pharmaceutical manufacturers
 must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average sales price, or ASP, and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices
 for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs. The manner and level at which reimbursement is provided for services related to our product candidates (e.g., for administration of our
 product to patients) is also important to successful commercialization of our product candidates.

In addition, in some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For
 example, the European Union provides options for its Member States to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human
 use. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. A Member State may
 approve a specific price for the medicinal product, or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that
 has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our product candidates. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price
 structures of the U.S. and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. In some cases, the reimbursement price of one Member State may have impact on the pricing level in other Member States, which may result in.an incentive not to market
 products in some markets to prevent price reductions or erosions in other markets.

48 

Table of Contents 

We face intense competition and rapid technological change and the possibility that our competitors may develop therapies that are more advanced or effective than ours, which may adversely
 affect our financial condition and our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates.

We are engaged in gene therapy for severe genetic and rare diseases, which is a competitive and rapidly changing field. Although we are not currently aware of any gene therapy competitors addressing any of the
 same indications as those in our pipeline, we may have competitors both in the U.S. and internationally, including major multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and universities and other research institutions.

Our potential competitors may have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger R D staff, manufacturing capabilities and experienced marketing and manufacturing
 organizations. These competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis, products that are more effective or less costly than any product candidate that we may develop, or achieve earlier patent protection,
 regulatory approval, product commercialization and market penetration than us. Additionally, technologies developed by our competitors may render our potential product candidates uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in
 marketing our product candidates against those of our competitors.

In addition, if our patent rights were to expire or be successfully challenged, we could face increased litigation with respect to the validity and/or scope of patents relating to our competitors products. The
 availability of our competitors products could limit the demand, and the price we are able to charge, for any products that we may develop and commercialize, thereby causing harm to our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 prospects.

The commercial success of any of our product candidates will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the
 medical community.

Ethical, social, legal and other concerns about gene therapy could result in additional regulations restricting or prohibiting our products. Even with the requisite approvals from the FDA in the U.S., the EMA in
 the EU and other regulatory authorities internationally, the commercial success of our product candidates will depend, in part, on the acceptance of physicians, patients and health care payors of gene therapy products in general, and our
 product candidates in particular, as medically beneficial, cost-effective and safe. Any product that we commercialize may not gain acceptance by physicians, patients, health care payors and others in the medical community. If any products that
 we commercialize do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients, health care payors and others in the medical community, we may not generate significant product revenue and may not become profitable. The degree of market
 acceptance of gene therapy products and our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on several factors, including:

the efficacy and safety of such product candidates as demonstrated in preclinical studies and clinical trials;

the potential and perceived advantages of product candidates over alternative treatments;

the cost of our treatment relative to alternative treatments;

the clinical indications for which the product candidate is approved by the FDA or the EMA;

patient awareness of, and willingness to seek, gene therapy;

the willingness of physicians to prescribe new therapies;

the willingness of physicians to undergo specialized training with respect to administration of our product candidates;

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies;

the prevalence and severity of any side effects;

product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory authorities, including any limitations or warnings contained in a product s approved labeling;

relative convenience and ease of administration;

the strength of marketing and distribution support;

the timing of market introduction of competitive products;

publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; and

sufficient third-party payor coverage and reimbursement.

Even if a potential product displays a favorable efficacy and safety profile in preclinical studies and clinical trials, market acceptance of the product will not be fully known until after it is approved and
 launched and is subject to change over time if adverse long-term follow-up data become available after approval. The failure of any of our product candidates to achieve market acceptance could materially harm our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and prospects.

Risks Related to Development of our Pipeline and Research and Development Activities 

We may not be successful in our efforts to expand our pipeline of additional product candidates for development.

Our business model is centered on applying our expertise in rare genetic diseases by establishing focused selection criteria to develop and advance a portfolio of gene therapy product candidates through
 development into commercialization. We may not be able to continue to identify and develop new product candidates in addition to the pipeline of product candidates that our efforts to date have resulted in. Even if we are successful in
 continuing to expand our pipeline, any potential product candidates that we identify may not be suitable for clinical development. If we do not successfully identify, develop and commercialize product candidates, we will not be able to obtain
 product revenue in future periods, which would likely result in significant harm to our financial position and results of operations.

49 

Table of Contents 

The success of our research and development activities, clinical testing and commercialization, upon which we primarily focus, is uncertain.

Our primary focus is on our R D activities and the clinical testing and commercialization of our product candidates, and we anticipate that we will remain principally engaged in these activities for an
 indeterminate, but substantial, period. R D was our most significant operating expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. R D activities, including the conduct of clinical studies, by their nature, preclude definitive statements as
 to the time required and costs involved in reaching certain objectives. Actual R D costs, therefore, could significantly exceed budgeted amounts and estimated time frames may require significant extension. Cost overruns, unanticipated
 regulatory delays or demands, unexpected adverse side effects or insufficient therapeutic efficacy will prevent or substantially slow our R D effort and our business could ultimately suffer.

Risks Related to Third Parties

We rely on third parties to conduct certain aspects of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and perform other tasks for us. If these third
 parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines, or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates and our business,
 financial condition and results of operations could be substantially harmed.

We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon third parties, including CROs, medical institutions, and contract laboratories for certain aspects of our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs.
 Nevertheless, we maintain responsibility for ensuring that each of our clinical trials and preclinical studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory, and scientific standards and our reliance on these third
 parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our vendors are required to comply with current requirements of GMP, good clinical practice GCP ), and good laboratory practice GLP ), which are a collection of laws and
 regulations enforced by the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign authorities for our drug candidates in clinical development.

Regulatory authorities enforce these regulations through periodic inspections of preclinical study and clinical trial sponsors, principal investigators, preclinical study and clinical trial sites, and other
 contractors. If we or any of our vendors fail to comply with applicable regulations, the data generated in our preclinical studies and clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign authorities may require
 us to perform additional preclinical studies and clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our
 clinical trials comply with GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with products produced consistent with GMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which
 would delay the development and regulatory approval processes.

If any of our relationships with these third parties, medical institutions, clinical investigators or contract laboratories terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs on
 commercially reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, our CROs are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether they devote sufficient time and resources to our
 ongoing preclinical and clinical programs.

If our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the data, they obtain is compromised due
 to the failure to adhere to our protocols, regulatory requirements, or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our
 product candidates. CROs may also generate higher costs than anticipated. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations and the commercial prospects for our product candidates could be materially and adversely
 affected, our costs could increase, and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed.

Switching or adding additional CROs, medical institutions, clinical investigators or contract laboratories involves additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural
 transition period when a new CRO commences work replacing a previous CRO. As a result, delays may occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships
 with our CROs, we cannot guarantee that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We expect to rely on third parties to conduct some or all aspects of our drug product manufacturing, research and preclinical and clinical testing, and these third parties
 may not perform satisfactorily.

We do not expect to independently conduct all aspects of our gene therapy production, product manufacturing, research and preclinical and clinical testing. We currently rely, and expect to
 continue to rely, on third parties with respect to certain of these items. In some cases, these third parties are academic, research or similar institutions that may not apply the same quality control protocols utilized in certain commercial
 settings.

50 

Table of Contents 

Our reliance on these third parties for R D activities will reduce our control over these activities but will not relieve us of our responsibility to ensure compliance with all required regulations and study
 protocols. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our studies in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated study plans and protocols, we will not be able to
 complete, or may be delayed in completing, the preclinical and clinical studies required to support future product submissions and approval of our product candidates.

Generally, these third parties may terminate their engagements with us at will upon notice. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements, it could delay our product development activities.

We expect to rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture supplies of certain of our product candidates, including all of the LV product candidates.

Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufactured all the product candidates ourselves, including:

the inability to negotiate manufacturing agreements with third parties under commercially reasonable terms;

reduced control as a result of using third-party manufacturers for certain aspects of manufacturing activities;

the risk that these activities are not conducted in accordance with our study plans and protocols;

termination or nonrenewal of manufacturing agreements with third parties in a manner or at a time that is costly or damaging to us; and

disruptions to the operations of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers caused by conditions unrelated to our business or operations, including the bankruptcy of the manufacturer or supplier.

Any of these events could lead to clinical study delays or failure to obtain regulatory approval or impact our ability to successfully commercialize future products. Some of these events could be the basis for
 FDA action, including an injunction, recall, seizure or total or partial suspension of production.

We may not be successful in finding strategic collaborators for continuing development of certain of our product candidates or successfully commercializing our product
 candidates.

We may seek to establish strategic partnerships for developing and/or commercializing certain of our product candidates due to relatively high capital costs required to develop the product candidates,
 manufacturing constraints or other reasons. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish such strategic partnerships or other alternative arrangements for our product candidates for several reasons, including because our R D
 pipeline may be insufficient, our product candidates may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort or third parties may not view our product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate
 efficacy or market opportunity. In addition, we may be restricted under existing agreements from entering into future agreements with potential collaborators.

If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable licensees or collaborators on a timely basis, on acceptable terms or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a product candidate, reduce or delay our
 development program, delay our potential commercialization, reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to
 independently fund development or commercialization activities, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. If we fail to enter into collaboration arrangements and
 do not have sufficient funds or expertise to undertake necessary development and commercialization activities, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates and our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 prospects may be materially harmed.

Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain or deploy key
 leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, approved, or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively impact our business.

The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, statutory, regulatory, and policy changes, the FDA s ability to
 hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In
 addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow
 the time necessary for biologics or modifications to approved biologics to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, including for 35 days
 beginning on December 22, 2018, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees and stop critical activities.

51 

Table of Contents 

Additionally as of May 26, 2021, the FDA noted it is continuing to ensure timely reviews of applications for medical products during the COVID-19 pandemic in line with its user fee performance goals; however,
 the FDA may not be able to continue its current pace and approval timelines could be extended, including where a pre-approval inspection or an inspection of clinical sites is required, due to new variants of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future
 pandemic. Should FDA determine that an inspection is necessary for approval and an inspection cannot be completed during the review cycle due to restrictions on travel, and the FDA does not determine a remote interactive evaluation to be
 adequate, the agency could issue a complete response letter or defer action on the application until an inspection can be completed. During the COVID-19 public health emergency, a number of companies announced receipt of complete response
 letters due to the FDA s inability to complete required inspections for their applications. Regulatory authorities outside the U.S. may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or any future
 pandemic and may experience delays in their regulatory activities. If the FDA becomes unable to continue its current level of performance, we could experience delays and setbacks for our product candidates and for any approvals we may seek
 which could adversely affect our business.

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property

Our rights to intellectual property for the development and commercialization of our product candidates are subject to the terms and conditions of licenses granted to us
 by others.

We are heavily reliant upon licenses to certain patent rights and proprietary technology from third parties that are important or necessary to the development of our technology and products, including technology
 related to our manufacturing process and our gene therapy product candidates. These and other licenses may not provide exclusive rights to use such intellectual property and technology in all relevant fields of use and in all territories in
 which we may wish to license our platform or develop or commercialize our technology and products in the future. As a result, we may not be able to prevent competitors from developing and commercializing competitive products in territories not
 included in our licenses.

Licenses to additional third-party technology that may be required for our licensing or development programs may not be available in the future or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at
 all, which could materially harm our business and financial condition.

In some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain or enforce the patents, covering technology that we license from third
 parties. If our licensors fail to maintain such patents, or lose rights to those patents or patent applications, the rights we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated and our right to develop and commercialize any of our products that are
 the subject of such licensed rights could be impacted. In addition to the foregoing, the risks associated with patent rights that we license from third parties will also apply to patent rights we may own in the future.

Furthermore, the research resulting in certain of our licensed patent rights and technology was funded by the U.S. government. As a result, the government may have certain rights, or march-in rights, to such
 patent rights and technology. When new technologies are developed with government funding, the government generally obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a non-exclusive license authorizing the government to use the
 invention for non-commercial purposes. These rights may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use our licensed technology. The government
 can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the government-funded technology, because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet
 requirements of federal regulations or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in the U.S. Any exercise by the
 government of such rights could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for products and related technology, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad,
 our competitors could develop and commercialize products and technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our products may be harmed.

Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the U.S. and other countries with respect to our product candidates and our manufacturing technology. Our licensors
 have sought, and we may intend to seek, to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the U.S. and abroad related to many of our novel technologies and product candidates that are important to our business.

The patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming and complex, and we may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable
 cost or in a timely manner. In addition, certain patents in the field of gene therapy that may have otherwise potentially provided patent protection for certain of our product candidates may expire prior to commercial launch of our products;
 this patent expiration risk could be partially addressed by pursuing and receiving 10 years Biologics regulatory exclusivity from the FDA, which would grant protection in later years where patent expiration may not exist. In some cases, the
 work of certain academic researchers in the gene therapy field has entered the public domain, which we believe precludes our ability to obtain patent protection for certain inventions relating to such work. It is also possible that we will fail
 to identify patentable aspects of our R D output before it is too late to obtain patent protection.

52 

Table of Contents 

We are party to intellectual property license agreements with several entities, each of which is important to our business, and we expect to enter into additional license agreements in the future. Our patent
 portfolio includes a number of patents and patent applications in-licensed pursuant to those license agreements, and those agreements impose, and we expect that future license agreements will impose various diligence, development and
 commercialization timelines, milestone obligations, payments and other obligations on us. If we or our licensors fail to comply with our obligations under these agreements, or we are subject to a bankruptcy, the licensor may have the right to
 terminate the license, in which event we could lose certain rights provided by the licenses, including our ability to market products covered by the license.

The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has, in recent years, been the subject of much litigation. As a
 result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our technology or product
 candidates or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and product candidates. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the U.S. and other countries may diminish the value
 of our patent rights or narrow the scope of our patent protection.

While we believe our intellectual property allows us to pursue our current development programs, several companies and academic institutions are pursuing alternate approaches to gene therapy and have built
 intellectual property around these approaches and methods. For example, Institut Pasteur controls a patent family related to vector elements for lentiviral-based gene therapy. These patents relate to an element that improves nuclear
 localization. While these patents began expiring in 2019, and will be entirely expired by 2023, if our products were to launch before the fourth quarter of 2023, we may need to secure a license. In addition, we may not be aware of all
 third-party intellectual property rights potentially relating to our technology and product candidates. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the U.S. and other
 jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing or, in some cases, not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in any owned or any licensed patents or pending patent
 applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions.

Even if the patent applications we license or may own in the future do issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third
 parties from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors or other third parties may avail themselves of safe harbor under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984
 (Hatch-Waxman Amendments) to conduct research and clinical trials and may be able to circumvent our patent rights by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner.

The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patent rights may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the U.S. and abroad. Such
 challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or
 limit the duration of the patent protection of is technology and product candidates. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire
 before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property may not provide sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours.

If we breach our license agreements, it could have a material adverse effect on our commercialization efforts for our product candidates.

If we breach any of the agreements under which we license intellectual property relating to the use, development and commercialization rights to our product candidates or technology from
 third parties, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. Licensing of intellectual property is of critical importance to our business and involves complex legal, business and scientific issues. Disputes may arise between
 us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including:

the scope of rights granted under the license agreement;

whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement;

our right to sublicense patent and other intellectual property rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships;

our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of is product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations;

the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; and

whether and the extent to which inventors are able to contest the assignment of their rights to our licensors.

If disputes over intellectual property that we have in-licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and
 commercialize the affected product candidates. In addition, if disputes arise as to ownership of licensed intellectual property, our ability to pursue or enforce the licensed patent rights may be jeopardized. If we or our licensors fail to
 adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to commercialize our products could suffer.

53 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position may be harmed.

In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we rely upon unpatented trade secret protection, unpatented know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position.
 We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our contractors, collaborators, employees and consultants. Nonetheless, we may not be able to prevent the unauthorized
 disclosure or use of our technical know-how or other trade secrets by the parties to these agreements, however, despite the existence generally of confidentiality agreements and other contractual restrictions. Monitoring unauthorized uses and
 disclosures is difficult and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. If any of the contractors, collaborators, employees and consultants who are parties to these agreements
 breaches or violates the terms of any of these agreements, we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach or violation. As a result, we could lose our trade secrets. Enforcing a claim that a third-party illegally obtained and is using
 our trade secrets, like patent litigation, is expensive and time consuming and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets.

Our trade secrets could otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. Competitors could attempt to replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development
 efforts, willfully infringe our intellectual property rights, design around our protected technology or develop their own competitive technologies that fall outside of our intellectual property rights. If any of our trade secrets were to be
 lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate it, from using that technology or information to compete with us. If our trade secrets are not adequately
 protected or sufficient to provide an advantage over our competitors, our competitive position could be adversely affected, as could our business. Additionally, if the steps taken to maintain our trade secrets are deemed inadequate, we may have
 insufficient recourse against third parties for misappropriating our trade secrets.

We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to gene therapy product components and processes for our development pipeline through acquisitions and
 in-licenses.

Presently we have rights to the intellectual property, through licenses from third parties and under patents that we own, to develop our gene therapy product candidates. Because our programs may involve
 additional product candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business will likely depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. In addition, our
 product candidates may require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently, and these rights may be held by others. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party
 intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to
 license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and
 commercialization capabilities.

For example, we sometimes collaborate with U.S. and foreign academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development under written agreements with these institutions. Typically, these
 institutions provide us with an option to negotiate a license to any of the institution s rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Regardless of such right of first negotiation for intellectual property, we may be unable to
 negotiate a license within the specified time frame or under terms that are acceptable to it. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our
 program.

In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that
 would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and prospects for growth could suffer.

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements
 imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements.

Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the U.S. PTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of
 the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. We and, to our knowledge, our licensors have systems in place to remind us and them to pay these fees, and we and, to our knowledge, our licensors employ
 outside firms and rely on our and their respective outside counsel to pay these fees due to non-U.S. patent agencies. The U.S. PTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary,
 fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We and, to our knowledge, our licensors employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us and them comply, and in many cases, an inadvertent lapse can
 be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or
 complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business.

54 

Table of Contents 

Issued patents covering our product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court.

If we or one of our licensing partners initiated legal proceedings against a third-party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our
 product candidate is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to
 meet any of several statutory requirements, including patent eligible subject matter, lack of novelty, obviousness, or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of
 the patent withheld relevant information from the U.S. PTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of
 litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post grant review, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our or our licensing
 partners patents in such a way that they no longer cover our product candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be
 certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. Prior art we have disclosed to the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO could impact the scope or validity of
 certain of our patent claims. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our product candidates. Such a loss of patent
 protection would have a material adverse impact on our business.

Changes in U.S. patent law or the patent law of other countries or jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products.

As is the case with other biotechnology companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biotechnology industry involves both
 technological and legal complexity, and therefore obtaining and enforcing biotechnology patents is costly, time-consuming, and inherently uncertain. Congress may pass patent reform legislation that is unfavorable to us.

The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakening the rights of patent owners in certain
 situations. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the U.S. courts, the USPTO and the relevant law-making bodies in other countries, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our
 ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future.

Similarly, changes in patent law and regulations in other countries or jurisdictions or changes in the governmental bodies that enforce them or changes in how the relevant governmental authority enforces patent
 laws or regulations may weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce patents that we have licensed or that we may obtain in the future. For example, the complexity and uncertainty of European patent laws have also increased in recent
 years. In Europe, a new unitary patent system will likely be introduced by the end of 2023, which would significantly impact European patents, including those granted before the introduction of such a system. Under the unitary patent system,
 European applications will soon have the option, upon grant of a patent, of becoming a Unitary Patent which will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Unitary Patent Court (UPC). As the UPC is a new court system, there is no precedent for the
 court, increasing the uncertainty of any litigation. Patents granted before the implementation of the UPC will have the option of opting out of the jurisdiction of the UPC and remaining as national patents in the UPC countries. Patents that
 remain under the jurisdiction of the UPC will be potentially vulnerable to a single UPC-based revocation challenge that, if successful, could invalidate the patent in all countries who are signatories to the UPC. We cannot predict with
 certainty the long-term effects of any potential changes.

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world.

Filing, prosecuting, and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United
 States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may
 not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors
 may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as
 strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing.

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing
 countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or
 marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our
 business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we
 initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial
 advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license.

55 

Table of Contents 

Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time.

Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date.
 Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from
 competitive products, including generics or biosimilars. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after
 such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours.

Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats.

The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to
 maintain our competitive advantage. For example:

others may be able to make product candidates that are similar to ours but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own;

we, or our license partners or current or future collaborators, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent applications that we license or may own in the future;

we, or our license partners or current or future collaborators, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions;

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our owned or in-licensed intellectual property rights;

our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major
 commercial markets;

we cannot ensure that any of our patents, or any of our pending patent applications, if issued, or those of our licensors, will include claims having a scope sufficient to protect our product candidates;

we cannot ensure that any patents issued to us, or our licensors will provide a basis for an exclusive market for our commercially viable product candidates or will provide us with any competitive advantages;

we cannot ensure that our commercial activities or product candidates will not infringe upon the patents of others;

we cannot ensure that we will be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates on a substantial scale, if approved, before the relevant patents that we own, or license expire;

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable;

the patents or intellectual property rights of others may harm our business; and

we may choose not to file a patent in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such intellectual property.

Should any of these events occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property.

We may also be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents or other intellectual property. We may have in the future, ownership
 disputes arising, for example, from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or
 ownership. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome
 could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees.

Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts.

Our commercial success depends in part on avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation, both within and outside the United States,
 involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including patent infringement lawsuits, interferences, oppositions, ex parte reexaminations, post-grant review, and inter partes review proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or U.S. PTO, and corresponding foreign patent offices. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications,
 which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are pursuing development candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may be
 subject to claims of infringement of the patent rights of third parties.

56 

Table of Contents 

Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of
 manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued
 patents that our product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent
 jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of any of our product candidates, any molecules formed during the manufacturing process or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to
 commercialize such product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire. Similarly, if any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our
 formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the applicable product candidate unless we obtained a
 license or until such patent expires. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all.

Parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. Defense of
 these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to
 pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, pay royalties, redesign our infringing products, or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial
 time and monetary expenditure.

Risks Related to Personnel and Expansion of our Company

Risks Related to our Personnel 

Our business could suffer if it loses the services of, or fails to attract, key personnel.

We are highly dependent upon the efforts of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Gaurav Shah, MD; our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Clinical Development, Jonathan Schwartz, MD; our
 President and Chief Operating Officer, Kinnari Patel, PharmD, MBA; and our Vice President of Finance, Treasurer, Principal Accounting Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer, John Militello. The loss of the services of these individuals
 and other members of our senior management could delay or prevent the achievement of research, development, marketing, or product commercialization objectives. Our employment arrangements with the key personnel are at-will. We do not maintain
 any key-man insurance policies on any of the key employees nor do we intend to obtain such insurance. In addition, due to the specialized scientific nature of our business, we are highly dependent upon our ability to attract and retain
 qualified scientific and technical personnel and consultants. There is intense competition among major pharmaceutical and chemical companies, specialized biotechnology firms and universities and other research institutions for qualified
 personnel in the areas of our operations, and we may be unsuccessful in attracting and retaining these personnel.

Our employees, principal investigators, consultants, and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory
 standards and requirements and insider trading.

We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, consultants, and commercial partners. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional failures to comply with the regulations of
 the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, provide accurate information to the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad, report financial information or data accurately or disclose
 unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive
 practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Such misconduct could also involve the
 improper use of information obtained during clinical studies, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation or could cause regulatory agencies not to approve our product candidates. We have a code of
 business ethics and conduct applicable to all employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee or third-party misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling
 unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are
 not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions.

We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants, or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that
 our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers.

57 

Table of Contents 

We employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we endeavor to ensure that our
 employees, consultants, and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have
 inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any of our employees former employers or other third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these
 claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, which could adversely impact our business. Even if we are successful in defending against
 such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees.

Risks Related to Our Expansion and Growth Plans 

We may need to expand our organization and may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations.

As our business activities expand, we may expand our full-time employee base and hire more consultants and contractors. Our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from
 day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, operational
 setbacks, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as
 the development of additional product candidates. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected our ability to generate and/or grow revenues could be reduced and we may not be able to
 implement our business strategy.

We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of potential acquisitions or business combinations, such as the acquisition of Renovacor.

The success of acquisitions or business combinations, such as the acquisition of Renovacor will depend on, among other things, our ability to combine our businesses in a manner that allows us to achieve
 developmental and operational synergies. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees; the disruption of our ongoing business; or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, or policies, in each
 case, that could adversely affect our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Integration efforts between the two businesses will also divert management s attention from our core business and other opportunities that
 could have been beneficial to our shareholders. An inability to realize the full extent of, or any of, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect on
 our business and results of operations, which may affect the value of the shares of our common stock after the completion of the acquisition. If we are unable to achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be
 realized fully or at all or may take longer or cost more to realize than expected. In particular, the acquisition or business combination may not be accretive to our stock value in the near or long term. In addition, any acquisition or business
 combination, such as the acquisition of Renovacor, may impact the market price for shares of our common stock, which could result in substantial losses for our stockholders.

In addition, in connection with any potential acquisition of businesses, technologies or products in the future, we could, among other things:

issue equity securities that would dilute our current stockholders percentage ownership;

incur substantial debt that may place strains on our operations;

assume substantial actual or contingent liabilities;

reprioritize our development programs and even cease development and commercialization of certain of our product candidates; or

merge with, or otherwise enter into a business combination with, another company in which our stockholders would receive cash or shares of the other company on terms that certain of our stockholders may not deem desirable.

Although we intend to evaluate and consider acquisitions, reorganizations and business combinations in the future, we have no agreements or understandings with respect to any acquisition, reorganization or
 business combination at this time.

Future formations of strategic alliances or joint ventures with third parties could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and operating results.

We may form strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing business. We may encounter numerous difficulties in developing, manufacturing
 and marketing any new products resulting from a strategic alliance or acquisition that delay or prevent us from realizing their expected benefits or enhancing our business. We cannot assure you that, following any such strategic alliance or
 joint venture, we will achieve the expected synergies to justify the transaction. The risks we face in connection with any strategic alliance or joint venture, include:

diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing integration challenges;

coordination of R D efforts;

changes in relationships with strategic partners as a result of any product acquisitions or strategic positioning;

cultural challenges associated with integrating employees;

the need to implement or improve controls, procedures, and policies at any joint venture;

liability for activities of any partnered company prior to any strategic alliance or joint venture, including intellectual property infringement claims, violation of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known
 liabilities;

58 

Table of Contents 

unanticipated write-offs or charges; and

litigation or other claims, including claims from employees, customers, former stockholders or other third parties

Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future strategic alliances could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions, cause
 us to incur unanticipated liabilities and harm the business generally. There is also a risk that future strategic alliances or joint ventures could result in the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or incremental
 operating expenses, any of which could harm our financial condition or operating results.

Given our commercial relationships outside of the United States, in particular in the European Union, a variety of risks associated with international operations could harm
 our business.

We engage in various commercial relationships outside the U.S., and we may commercialize our product candidates outside of the U.S. In many foreign countries, it is common for others to engage in business
 practices that are prohibited by U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we may implement policies and procedures specifically designed to comply with these laws and policies, there can
 be no assurance that our employees, contractors, and agents will comply with these laws and policies. If we are unable to successfully manage the challenges of international expansion and operations, our business and operating results could be
 harmed.

We may be, and to the extent we commercialize our product candidates outside the United States, expect to be subject to various risks associated with operating internationally, including:

different regulatory requirements for approval of drugs and biologics in foreign countries;

reduced protection for intellectual property rights;

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements;

economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets;

compliance with tax, employment, immigration, and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad;

foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenues, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country;

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States;

shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad;

business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires, public health crises such as pandemics and epidemics, or from economic or
 political instability;

compliance with foreign laws, regulations, standards, and regulatory guidance governing the collection, use, disclosure, retention, security and transfer of personal data, including the GDPR and UK GDPR; and

greater difficulty with enforcing our contracts in jurisdictions outside of the United States.

These and related risks could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

If conflicts arise between us and our collaborators or strategic partners, these parties may act in a manner adverse to us and could limit our ability to implement our
 strategies.

If conflicts arise between our corporate or academic collaborators or strategic partners and us, the other party may act in a manner adverse to us and could limit our ability to implement our strategies. Some of
 our academic collaborators and strategic partners are conducting multiple product development efforts within each area that is the subject of the collaboration with us. Our collaborators or strategic partners, however, may develop, either alone
 or with others, products in related fields that are competitive with the products or potential products that are the subject of these collaborations. Competing products, either developed by the collaborators or strategic partners or to which
 the collaborators or strategic partners have rights, may result in the withdrawal of our collaborator s or partner s support for our product candidates.

Some of our collaborators or strategic partners could also become our competitors in the future. Our collaborators or strategic partners could develop competing products, preclude us from entering into
 collaborations with their competitors, fail to obtain timely regulatory approvals, terminate their agreements with us prematurely, or fail to devote sufficient resources to the development and commercialization of our product candidates. Any of
 these developments could harm our product development efforts.

Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 

Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is performing well.

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception or the perception that such sales may occur, could reduce the market price
 of our common stock. Our outstanding shares of common stock may be freely sold in the public market at any time to the extent permitted by Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or to the extent
 such shares have already been registered under the Securities Act and are held by non-affiliates of ours. In addition, certain of our employees, executive officers, directors, and affiliated stockholders have entered or may enter into Rule
 10b5-1 plans providing for sales of shares of our common stock from time to time. Under a Rule 10b5-1 plan, a broker executes trades pursuant to parameters established by the employee, director or officer when entering into the plan, without
 further direction from the employee, officer, director or affiliated stockholder. A Rule 10b5-1 plan may be amended or terminated in some circumstances. Our employees, executive officers, directors and affiliated stockholders also may buy or
 sell additional shares outside of a Rule 10b5-1 plan when they are not in possession of material, nonpublic information. In addition, in the future, we may issue additional shares of common stock or other equity or debt securities convertible
 into common stock in connection with a financing, acquisition, litigation settlement, employee arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and could cause our stock price to
 decline.

59 

Table of Contents 

If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they publish negative evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline.

The trading market for our common stock relies, in part, on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. Although we have obtained analyst coverage, if one or
 more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our stock or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose
 visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline.

The price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially, which could result in substantial losses for our stockholders.

Our stock price is likely to be volatile. The stock market in general, and the market for biopharmaceutical companies in particular, has experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the
 operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, our stockholders may not be able to sell their shares of common stock at or above the price they paid for their shares. The market price for our common stock may be
 influenced by many factors, including:

results of clinical trials of our product candidates or those of our competitors;

the success of competitive products or technologies;

commencement or termination of collaborations;

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries;

developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights;

the recruitment or departure of key personnel;

the level of expenses related to any of our product candidates or clinical development programs;

the results of our efforts to discover, develop, acquire or in-license additional product candidates;

actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts;

negative publicity around gene therapy in general, or our product candidates;

variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us;

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems;

macroeconomic conditions and the economic impact of the COVID 19 pandemic , inflation and rising interest rates and global conflicts, including the Russia-Ukraine war;

market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; and

general economic, industry and market conditions.

If our quarterly operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Furthermore, any quarterly fluctuations in our
 operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our stock to fluctuate substantially. We believe that quarterly comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of our future
 performance.

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class-action litigation often has been instituted against that company. Such litigation, if instituted
 against us, could cause us to incur substantial costs to defend such claims and divert management s attention and resources, which could seriously harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

RTW Investments, LP, our largest stockholder, may have the ability to significantly influence all matters submitted to stockholders for approval.

RTW Investments, LP RTW ), in the aggregate, beneficially owns approximately 25.2 of our outstanding shares of common stock. This concentration of voting power gives RTW the power to significantly influence
 all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, as well as our management and affairs. For example, RTW could significantly influence the election of directors and approval of any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially
 all of our assets. In addition, this may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock that you may believe are in your best interest as one of our stockholders.

Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be stockholders sole source of
 gain.

60 

Table of Contents 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. In addition, the terms of any
 future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be stockholders sole source of gain for the foreseeable future.

Other Risks Related to Our Business 

If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired,
 which could harm our operating results, investors views of us and, as a result, the value of our common stock.

As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal control. We are required to furnish a report by management on the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 ). Pursuant to Section 404 our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Preparing such attestation report and the cost of compliance with reporting requirements may increase our expenses and require significant management time. Investors may find our
 common stock less attractive because of the additional compliance costs. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more
 volatile.

The rules governing the standards that must be met for management and our independent registered public accounting firm to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant
 documentation, testing, and possible remediation. In connection with our and our independent registered public accounting firm s evaluations of our internal control over financial reporting, we may need to upgrade systems, including information
 technology, implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems, and procedures, and hire additional accounting and finance staff.

Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us or our
 independent registered public accounting firm conducted in connection with Section 404 may reveal deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or
 retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a
 negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. Internal control deficiencies could also result in a restatement of our financial results in the future. We could become subject to stockholder or other third-party litigation, as well
 as investigations by the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources and could result in fines, trading suspensions, payment of damages or other
 remedies. Further, any delay in compliance with the auditor attestation provisions of Section 404 could subject us to a variety of administrative sanctions, including ineligibility for short-form resale registration, action by the SEC and the
 suspension or delisting of our common stock, which could reduce the trading price of our common stock and could harm our business.

Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may
 prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our company that stockholders may consider favorable, including
 transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of
 our common stock. In addition, because our Board of Directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current
 management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board of Directors. Among other things, these provisions:

permit only the Board of Directors to establish the number of directors;

require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws;

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; and

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings.

Moreover, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining
 with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Any of these provisions of
 our charter documents or Delaware law could, under certain circumstances, depress the market price of our common stock.

Our internal computer systems, or those of our third-party collaborators or other contractors, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material
 disruption of our development programs.

61 

Table of Contents 

Our internal computer systems and those of our current and any future collaborators and other consultants and contractors are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, cyberattacks, data
 breaches, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we have not experienced any such material system failure, accident, attack or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause
 interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information or other similar disruptions. For
 example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption
 or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability, our competitive position could be harmed, and the further
 development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed.

The increasing use of social media platforms presents new risks and challenges.

Social media is increasingly being used to communicate about our clinical development programs and the diseases our product candidates are being developed to treat. We intend to utilize appropriate social media
 in connection with our commercialization efforts following approval of our product candidates. Social media practices in the biopharmaceutical industry continue to evolve and regulations relating to such use are not always clear. This evolution
 creates uncertainty and risk of noncompliance with regulations applicable to our business. For example, patients may use social media channels to report an alleged adverse event. When such disclosures occur, there is a risk that we fail to
 monitor and comply with applicable adverse event reporting obligations, or we may not be able to defend our business or the public s legitimate interests in the face of the political and market pressures generated by social media due to
 restrictions on what we may say about our investigational products. There is also a risk of inappropriate disclosure of sensitive information or negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us on any social networking website, or a risk that
 a post on a social networking website by any of our employees may be construed as inappropriate promotion. If any of these events were to occur or we otherwise fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could incur liability, face
 regulatory actions, or incur other harm to our business.

Unfavorable national or global economic conditions or political developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the national or global economy and financial markets. For example, governmental statements, actions or policies, political unrest
 and global financial crises can cause extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn, political unrest or additional global financial crises, including those resulting from the
 COVID-19 pandemic and the current Russia-Ukraine war, could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our products, if approved, or our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at
 all. A weak or declining economy could also strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate, further
 political developments and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved SEC Comments

None.

Item 2. 

Properties

Corporate Headquarters, R D and GMP Manufacturing Facility, Storage Facility

Rocket s corporate headquarters is located in Cranbury, New Jersey, in a leased facility consisting of 103,720 square feet of space including areas for offices, process development, research and development
 laboratories and 50,000 square feet dedicated to AAV Current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) manufacturing to support our pipeline. A smaller area within this facility was originally leased in August 2018, and the lease was amended in June
 2019 to include the full building (such lease, as amended, the NJ Lease Agreement ). The NJ Lease Agreement has an initial term which ends in 2034, with an option to renew for an additional two consecutive five-year renewal terms. In addition,
 we lease space in New York, New York at the Empire State Building, which consists of approximately 6,600 square feet of office space under a lease that expires in July 2024. Rocket leases an additional 4,666 square feet storage facility in
 Dayton, New Jersey.

Facility in Lexington, Massachusetts

We currently lease approximately 15,000 square feet of office space in Lexington, Massachusetts under a lease that expires on February 28, 2023, which is the end of the lease term. This space is the former
 headquarters of Inotek and is subleased through the remainder of the lease term.

62 

Table of Contents 

Facility in Hopewell, New Jersey

As part of the acquisition of Renovacor, we assumed a lease agreement for approximately 15,463 square feet of space in Hopewell, New Jersey that expires in March 2033. We will endeavor to sublease the entire
 premises through the remainder of the lease term.

Facility in Cambridge, Massachusetts

As part of the acquisition of Renovacor, we assumed a sublease agreement for approximately 5,945 square feet of office space in Cambridge, Massachusetts that expires in April 2024. We will endeavor to sublease
 the premises through the remainder of the lease term.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

From time to time, we may be subject to other various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business activities. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted
 with certainty, we do not believe we are party to any other claim or litigation the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our
 business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not Applicable.

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market
 Information 

Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol RCKT and on the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (NASDAQ: NBI). On February 22, 2023, the last reported sale price for our
 common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market was 19.20 per share.

Stock Performance Graph

The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between January 1, 2017 and December 31, 2022 with the cumulative total return of (a) the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index
 and (b) the NASDAQ Composite Index, over the same period. This graph assumes the investment of 100 on January 1, 2017 of our common stock, the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index and the NASDAQ Composite Index and assumes the reinvestment of dividends,
 if any.

The comparisons shown in the graph below are based upon historical data. We caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of, nor is it intended to forecast, the
 potential future performance of our common stock.

63 

Table of Contents 

Stockholders

As of February 22, 2023, there were 45 stockholders of record, which excludes stockholders whose shares were held in nominee or street name by brokers. We previously
 completed a reverse merger with Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corporation Inotek which closed on January 4, 2018. The stock performance information prior to January 4, 2018, represents the share price of our predecessor company Inotek prior to the
 reverse merger as adjusted for a 4 for 1 reverse split completed upon the reverse merger.

Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business
 and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors.. Investors should not purchase our common stock with the
 expectation of receiving cash dividends.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

There were no repurchases of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022.

Item 6. 

Reserved

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, related notes and other
 financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties such as our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Our actual results could
 differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in Risk Factors included
 elsewhere in this Annual Report.

Unless otherwise indicated, references to the terms the combined company, Rocket, the Company, we, our and us refer to Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly known as Inotek
 Pharmaceuticals Corporation) and its subsidiaries. The term Rocket Ltd refers to privately-held Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. prior to its merger with Rome Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The term Inotek 
 refers to Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corporation and its subsidiaries prior to the reverse merger. For accounting purposes, the reverse merger is treated as a reverse acquisition under U.S. GAAP and Rocket Ltd is considered the accounting
 acquirer. Accordingly, the historical financial information included in this Annual Report, unless otherwise indicated or as the context otherwise requires, is that of Rocket Ltd prior to the reverse merger.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is designed to provide a reader of Rocket s financial statements with a narrative from
 the perspective of management. Our management s discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our
 consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Introduction

We are a clinical-stage, multi-platform biotechnology company focused on the development of first, only and best-in-class gene therapies, with direct on-target mechanism of action and clear clinical endpoints,
 for rare and devastating diseases. We have three clinical-stage ex vivo lentiviral vector LV programs. These include programs for Fanconi Anemia FA ), a genetic defect in the bone marrow that reduces production of blood cells or promotes
 the production of faulty blood cells, Leukocyte Adhesion Deficiency-I LAD-I ), a genetic disorder that causes the immune system to malfunction and Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency PKD ), a rare red blood cell autosomal recessive disorder that
 results in chronic non-spherocytic hemolytic anemia. Of these, both the Phase 2 FA program and the Phase 1/2 LAD-I program are in potentially registration-enabling studies in the United States U.S. and Europe EU ). Additional work on a
 gene therapy program for the less common FA subtypes C and G is ongoing. In the U.S., we also have a clinical stage in vivo adeno-associated virus AAV program for Danon disease, a multi-organ lysosomal-associated disorder leading to early
 death due to heart failure. The Danon program is currently in an ongoing Phase 1 trial. Additionally, we have an AAV vector program targeting Plakophilin-2 Arrhythmogenic Cardiomyopathy PKP2-ACM ), an inheritable cardiac disorder that is
 characterized by a progressive loss of cardiac muscle mass, severe right ventricular dilation, dysplasia, fibrofatty replacement of the myocardium and a high propensity to arrhythmias and sudden death. As a result of our acquisition of
 Renovacor, we are now able to utilize recombinant AAV9-based gene therapy designed to slow or halt progression of BAG3 Dilated Cardiomyopathy DCM ), which is the most common form of cardiomyopathy and is characterized by progressive thinning
 of the walls of the heart resulting in enlarged heart chambers that are unable to pump blood. We have global commercialization and development rights to all of these product candidates under royalty-bearing license agreements.

64 

Table of Contents 

Effective December 2021, a decision was made to no longer pursue Rocket-sponsored clinical evaluation of RP-L401; this program was returned to academic innovators. Although we believe that gene therapy may be
 beneficial to patients afflicted with this disorder, we have opted to focus available resources towards advancement of RP-A601, RP-A501, RP-L102, RP-L201 and RP-L301, based on the compelling clinical data to date and potential for therapeutic
 advancement in these severe disorders of childhood and young adulthood.

Recent Developments

At-the-Market Offering Program

On February 28, 2022, we entered into the Sales Agreement with Cowen and Company LLC Cowen with respect to an at-the-market offering program pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time at our
 sole discretion, shares through Cowen as our sales agent. The shares to be offered and sold under the Sales Agreement are being offered and sold pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-253756). We filed a
 prospectus supplement with the SEC on February 28, 2022 in connection with the offer and sale of the shares, pursuant to the Sales Agreement. We have agreed to pay Cowen a cash commission of 3.0 of gross proceeds from the sale of the shares
 pursuant to the Sales Agreement and to provide Cowen with customary indemnification and contribution rights and also reimburse Cowen for certain expenses incurred in connection with the Sales Agreement. Through 
 December 31, 2022, we have sold 3.3 million shares of common stock pursuant to the at-the-market offering program for gross proceeds of 48.0 million, less commissions of 1.4 million for net proceeds of 46.6 million.

Renovacor Acquisition

On September 19, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Renovacor, a Delaware corporation pursuant to which the Company acquired Renovacor (the Renovacor
 Acquisition ). The Renovacor Acquisition closed on December 1 , 2022. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each share of Renovacor s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share
 outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Renovacor Acquisition was canceled and converted into the right to receive 0.1763 (the Exchange Ratio fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s common stock, 0.01
 par value per share, which was determined on the basis of an exchange formula set forth in the Merger Agreement. The Company issued a total of 3,391,976 shares of common stock in connection with the Renovacor Acquisition and
 incurred approximately 3.2 million of acquisition related costs during the year ended December 31, 2022.

Public Offering

On October 6, 2022, we completed a public offering of 7,820,000 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 14.75 per share. The gross proceeds to Rocket from the public offering were approximately
 115.3 million, net of 7.2 million of offering costs, commissions, legal and other expenses for net proceeds from the offering of 108.1 million.

Financial Overview

Since our inception, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to organizing and staffing the company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring, or discovering product candidates and securing
 related intellectual property rights, conducting discovery, R D activities for our product candidates and planning for potential commercialization. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from
 product sales. From inception through December 31, 2022, we raised net cash proceeds of approximately 835.6 million from investors through both equity and convertible debt financing to fund operating activities.

Revenue

To date, we have not generated any revenue from any sources, including from product sales, and we do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of products in the near future. If our development efforts
 for product candidates are successful and result in regulatory approval or license agreements with third parties, we may generate revenue in the future from product sales.

Research and Development Expenses

Our R D program expenses consist primarily of external costs incurred for the development of our product candidates. These expenses include:

expenses incurred under agreements with research institutions that conduct R D activities including, process development, preclinical, and clinical activities on our behalf;

costs related to process development, production of preclinical and clinical materials, including fees paid to contract manufacturers and manufacturing input costs for use in internal manufacturing processes;

consultants supporting process development and regulatory activities; and

costs related to in-licensing of rights to develop and commercialize our product candidate portfolio.

65 

Table of Contents 

We recognize external development costs based on contractual payment schedules aligned with program activities, invoices for work incurred, and milestones which correspond with costs
 incurred by the third parties. Nonrefundable advance payments for goods or services to be received in the future for use in R D activities are recorded as prepaid expenses.

Our direct R D expenses are tracked on a program-by-program basis for product candidates and consist primarily of external costs, such as research collaborations and third-party manufacturing agreements
 associated with our preclinical research, process development, manufacturing, and clinical development activities. Our direct R D expenses by program also include fees incurred under license agreements. Our personnel, non-program and
 unallocated program expenses include costs associated with activities performed by our internal R D organization and generally benefit multiple programs. These costs are not separately allocated by product candidate and consist primarily
 of:

salaries and personnel-related costs, including benefits, travel, and stock-based compensation, for our scientific personnel performing R D activities;

facilities and other expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, and depreciation expense; and

laboratory supplies and equipment used for internal R D activities.

Our direct R D expenses consist principally of external costs, such as fees paid to investigators, consultants, laboratories and CROs in connection with our clinical studies, and costs related to acquiring
 and manufacturing clinical study materials. We allocate salary and benefit costs directly related to specific programs. We do not allocate personnel-related discretionary bonus or stock-based compensation costs, costs associated with our
 general discovery platform improvements, depreciation or other indirect costs that are deployed across multiple projects under development and, as such, the costs are separately classified as other R D expenses.

The following table of R D expenses tracked on a program-by-program basis as well as by type and nature of our expense for our product candidates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
 2021, and 2020.

For the Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Direct Expenses:

Danon Disease (AAV) RP-A501

28,524

15,804

18,459

Plakophilin-2 Arrhythmogenic Cardiomyopathy (AAV) RP-A601

11,724

1,071

122

Leukocyte Adhesion Deficiency (LV) RP-L201

20,617

24,222

5,531

Fanconi Anemia (LV) RP-L102

23,917

15,453

15,015

Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency (LV) RP-L301

2,744

4,206

4,990

Infantile Malignant Osteopetrosis (LV) RP-L401 (1) 

271

2,236

2,057

Other product candidates

3,580

3,504

1,199

Total direct expenses

91,377

66,496

47,373

Unallocated Expenses

Employee compensation

32,274

20,780

14,137

Non-cash R D expense related to the issuance of warrants

-

12,781

26,562

Stock based compensation expense

12,465

11,954

7,121

Depreciation and amortization expense

4,037

5,130

2,770

Laboratory and related expenses

17,405

3,359

4,240

Professional Fees

3,601

1,797

1,443

Other expenses

4,411

3,179

1,792

Total other research and development expenses

74,193

58,980

58,065

Total research and development expense

165,570

125,476

105,438

(1) Effective December 2021, a decision was made to no longer pursue Rocket-sponsored clinical evaluation of RP-L401; this program was returned to academic innovators. Costs to close out the study
 were incurred in 2022.

We cannot determine with certainty the duration and costs to complete current or future clinical studies of product candidates or if, when, or to what extent we will generate revenues from the commercialization
 and sale of any of our product candidates that obtain regulatory approval. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. The duration, costs, and timing of clinical studies and development of product
 candidates will depend on a variety of factors, including:

the scope, rate of progress, and expense of ongoing as well as any clinical studies and other R D activities that we undertake;

future clinical study results;

uncertainties in clinical study enrollment rates;

66 

Table of Contents 

changing standards for regulatory approval; and

the timing and receipt of any regulatory approvals.

We expect R D expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in R D activities related to developing product candidates, including investments in manufacturing, as our programs
 advance into later stages of development and as we conduct additional clinical trials. The process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming, and the successful development of
 product candidates is highly uncertain. As a result, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of R D projects or when and to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of any of our product
 candidates.

Our future R D expenses will depend on the clinical success of our product candidates, as well as ongoing assessments of the commercial potential of such product candidates. In addition, we cannot forecast
 with any degree of certainty which product candidates may be subject to future collaborations, when such arrangements will be secured, if at all, and to what degree such arrangements would affect our development plans and capital requirements.
 We expect our R D expenses to increase in future periods for the foreseeable future as we seek to complete development of our product candidates.

The successful development and commercialization of our product candidates is highly uncertain. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development and commercialization,
 including the uncertainty of:

the scope, progress, outcome and costs of our clinical trials and other R D activities;

the efficacy and potential advantages of our product candidates compared to alternative treatments, including any standard of care;

the market acceptance of our product candidates;

obtaining, maintaining, defending, and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights;

significant and changing government regulation; and

the timing, receipt, and terms of any marketing approvals.

A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of our product candidates that we may develop could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the
 development of our product candidates. For example, if the FDA or another regulatory authority were to require us to conduct clinical trials or other testing beyond those that we currently contemplate for the completion of clinical development
 of any of our product candidates that we may develop or if we experience significant delays in enrollment in any of our clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time on the completion of
 clinical development of that product candidate.

General and Administrative Expenses

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related benefit costs for personnel, including stock-based compensation and travel expenses for our employees in commercial, executive,
 operational, finance, legal, business development, and human resource functions. In addition, other significant general and administrative expenses include professional fees for legal, consulting, investor and public relations, auditing, and
 tax services as well as other expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance and other supplies used in general and administrative activities. We expect general and administrative expenses to increase for the foreseeable future due
 to anticipated increases in headcount to support the continued advancement of our product candidates and our progression to commercial operations. We also anticipate that as we continue to operate as a public company with increasing complexity,
 we will continue to incur increased accounting, audit, legal, regulatory, compliance and director and officer insurance costs as well as investor and public relations expenses.

Interest Expense

Interest expense in 2022 was related to our financing lease obligation for the Cranbury, NJ facility. Interest expense in 2021 and 2020 related to the 2021 Convertible Notes (as defined below), which were
 converted into common stock on August 2, 2021, the 2022 Convertible Notes (as defined below), which were redeemed and converted into common stock in April 2021, and our financing lease obligation for the Cranbury, NJ facility.

Interest Income

Interest income is related to interest earned from investments and cash equivalents.

67 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

For the Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

Change

(in thousands)

Operating expenses:

Research and development

165,570

125,476

40,094

General and administrative

58,773

41,772

17,001

Total operating expenses

224,343

167,248

57,095

Loss from operations

(224,343

(167,248

(57,095

Research and development incentives

500

1,000

(500

Interest expense

(1,862

(2,977

1,115

Interest and other income, net

3,889

3,068

821

Amortization of premium on investments, net

(47

(2,912

2,865

Total other income (expense), net

2,480

(1,821

4,301

Net loss

(221,863

(169,069

(52,794

Research and Development Expenses

R D expenses increased 40.1 million to 165.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in R D expenses was primarily
 driven by increases in manufacturing and development costs of 26.3 million, laboratory supplies of 6.6 million, compensation and benefits expense of 11.5 million due to increased R D headcount, direct materials of 3.6 million, and
 consulting and professional fees of 2.7 million. Increases noted were offset by a decrease in license fees of 12.9 million attributable to the expense in connection with warrants to purchase shares of common stock recorded for the year ended
 December 31, 2021.

General and Administrative Expenses

G A expenses increased 17.0 million to 58.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in G A expenses was primarily
 driven by increases in commercial preparation expenses w hich consists of commercial strategy, medical affairs, market development and pricing analysis of 4.9 million, compensation and benefits of
 4.4 million due to increased G A headcount and acquisition related expense of 3.2 million.

Other Income (Expense), Net

Other income, net increased by 4.3 million to 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily driven by decreased
 interest expense of 1.1 million associated with the 2022 Convertible Notes which were fully redeemed in April 2021 and the 2021 Convertible Notes which were converted in August 2021, an increase in interest and other income, net, of 0.8
 million due to increased interest rates and an increase in investment amortization, net, of 2.9 million.

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

For the Years Ended December 31,

2021

2020

Change

(in thousands)

Operating expenses:

Research and development

125,476

105,438

20,038

General and administrative

41,772

28,865

12,907

Total operating expenses

167,248

134,303

32,945

Loss from operations

(167,248

(134,303

(32,945

Research and development incentives

1,000

-

1,000

Interest expense

(2,977

(6,967

3,990

Interest and other income, net

3,068

2,150

918

Amortization of premium on investments, net

(2,912

(580

(2,332

Total other expense, net

(1,821

(5,397

3,576

Net loss

(169,069

(139,700

(29,369

68 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development Expenses

R D expenses increased 20.0 million to 125.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase in manufacturing and
 development costs of 14.8 million, an increase in compensation and benefits of 6.6 million due to increased R D headcount, an increase in non-cash stock compensation expense of 4.8 million, an increase in lab supplies and office expense
 of 2.9 million, an increase in depreciation and amortization of 1.9 million, offset by a decrease in new research agreements of 13.8 million in non-cash expenses due to the issuance of warrants in December 2020 and August and December 2021.

General and Administrative Expenses

G A expenses increased 12.9 million to 41.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increases in G A expenses were primarily driven by an increase
 in non-cash stock compensation expense of 5.8 million, an increase in compensation and benefits of 1.8 million due to increased G A headcount, an increase in office and administrative costs of 2.5 million due to increased insurance
 costs, an increase in commercial preparation expenses of 2.2 million, offset by a decrease in debt conversion expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020 of 2.0 million due to the refinancing of the 2021 Convertible Notes in
 February 2020. There were no debt conversion expenses recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Other Expense, Net

Other expense, net was 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 5.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The change was primarily due to reduced interest expense associated with
 the 2022 Convertible Notes which were fully redeemed in April 2021 and the 2021 Convertible Notes which were converted in August 2021, as well as a decrease of 2.3 million in accretion income related to our investments, due to lower interest
 rates for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

We have not generated any revenue and have incurred losses since inception. Operations of the Company are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including, among others, uncertainty of drug candidate
 development, technological uncertainty, uncertainty regarding patents and proprietary rights, having no commercial manufacturing experience, marketing or sales capability or experience, dependency on key personnel, compliance with government
 regulations and the need to obtain additional financing. Drug candidates currently under development will require significant additional R D efforts, including extensive preclinical and clinical testing and regulatory approval, prior to
 commercialization. These efforts require significant amounts of additional capital, adequate personnel infrastructure and extensive compliance-reporting capabilities.

Our drug candidates are in the development and clinical stage. There can be no assurance that our R D will be successfully completed, that adequate protection for our intellectual property will be obtained,
 that any products developed will obtain necessary government approval or that any approved products will be commercially viable. Even if our product development efforts are successful, it is uncertain when, if ever, we will generate significant
 revenue from product sales. We operate in an environment of rapid change in technology and substantial competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.

Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of continuity of operations, realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. Rocket has
 incurred net losses and negative cash flows from its operations each year since inception. Rocket incurred net losses of 221.9 million, 169.1 million, and 139.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We
 have experienced negative cash flows from operations and have an accumulated deficit of 713.8 million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had 399.7 million of cash, cash equivalents and investments. We expect such resources
 would be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through 2024. We have funded our operations primarily through the sale of equity.

On April 30, 2019, CIRM awarded the Company up to 6.6 million under a CLIN2 grant award to support the clinical development of its LV-based gene therapy for RP-L201. Proceeds from the grant will help fund
 clinical trial costs as well as manufactured drug product for Phase 1/2 patients enrolled at the U.S. clinical site, University of California, Los Angeles UCLA Mattel Children s Hospital, led by principal investigator Donald Kohn, M.D.,
 UCLA Professor of Microbiology, Immunology and Molecular Genetics, Pediatrics (Hematology/Oncology), Molecular and Medical Pharmacology and member of the Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regenerative Medicine and Stem Cell Research at UCLA. In
 2019, the Company received the first two grants from CIRM in the aggregate of 1.2 million which were included as an offset against R D expenses. In 2020, the Company met additional CIRM milestones and received an additional 1.1 million
 milestone which was recorded as a reduction of R D expenses in 2020. The Company received the additional milestone payments of 1.1 million and 1.0 million in January and April of 2021, respectively. In March 2022, the Company met the next
 CIRM milestone and received the 0.9 million milestone payment on April 5, 2022. No additional milestones were achieved as of December 31, 2022.

69 

Table of Contents 

In the longer term, our future viability is dependent on our ability to generate cash from operating activities or to raise additional capital to finance our operations. If we raise additional funds by issuing
 equity securities, our stockholders will experience dilution. Any future debt financing into which we enter may impose upon us additional covenants that restrict our operations, including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional
 debt, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock, make certain investments and engage in certain merger, consolidation, or asset sale transactions. Any debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable
 to us or our stockholders. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and ability to pursue our business strategies.

At-the-Market Offering Program

On February 28, 2022, we entered into the Sales Agreement with Cowen and Company LLC Cowen with respect to an at-the-market offering program pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time at our
 sole discretion, shares through Cowen as our sales agent. The shares to be offered and sold under the Sales Agreement are being offered and sold pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-253756). We filed a
 prospectus supplement with the SEC on February 28, 2022 in connection with the offer and sale of the shares and have agreed to pay Cowen a cash commission of 3.0 of gross proceeds from the sale of the shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. We
 also agreed to provide Cowen with customary indemnification and contribution rights and will also reimburse Cowen for certain expenses incurred in connection with the Sales Agreement. Through December 31,
 2022, we have sold 3.3 million shares of common stock pursuant to the at-the-market offering program for gross proceeds of 48.0 million, less commissions of 1.4 million for net proceeds of 46.6 million.

Contractual Obligations

In the normal course of business, we enter into contracts and commitments that obligate us to make payments in the future. Information regarding our obligations relating to
 income taxes and lease arrangements are provided in Note 13. Income Taxes and Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are material or reasonably likely to become material to our financial condition or results of operations.

Cash Flows

The following table summarizes our cash flows for each of the periods presented:

For the Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net cash used in operating activities

(178,142

(121,163

(74,640

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

(69,326

18,853

(96,591

Net cash provided by financing activities

155,288

37,681

282,989

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

(92,180

(64,629

111,758

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities

During the year ended December 31, 2022, operating activities used 178.1 million of cash, primarily resulting from our net loss of 221.9 million and net changes in our operating assets and liabilities of 6.1
 million, partially offset by net non-cash charges of 37.6 million, including stock-based compensation expense of 31.0 million and depreciation and amortization expense of 6.3 million. Changes in our operating assets and liabilities for the
 year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 9.7 million and an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of 3.6 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, operating activities used 121.2 million of cash, primarily resulting from our net loss of 169.1 million and net changes in our operating assets and liabilities of 3.4
 million, partially offset by net non-cash charges of 51.3 million, including expenses in connection with the issuance of warrant of 12.8 million, stock-based compensation expense of 29.2 million, amortization of premium on investments of
 2.9 million and depreciation and amortization expense of 5.4 million. Changes in our operating assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 4.8 million and a
 decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets of 1.3 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, operating activities used 74.6 million of cash, primarily resulting from our net loss of 139.7 million and net changes in our operating assets and liabilities of 9.9
 million, partially offset by net non-cash charges of 55.1 million, including expenses in connection with the issuance of warrants of 26.6 million, stock-based compensation expense of 18.6 million, accretion of discount on convertible notes
 of 2.8 million and depreciation and amortization expense of 1.1 million. Changes in our operating assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2020, consisted of an increase in finance lease liability of 0.5 million, an increase in
 accounts payable and accrued expenses of 11.0 million and an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of 1.5 million.

70 

Table of Contents 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 69.3 million, consisting of proceeds of 272.9 million from the maturities of investments and proceeds of
 42.7 million from the acquisition of Renovacor, offset by purchases of investments of 376.3 million, purchases of property and equipment of 8.4 million and purchases of right of use assets of 0.3 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by investing activities was 18.9 million, consisting of proceeds of 272.4 million from the maturities of investments, offset by
 purchases of investments of 245.9 million, and purchases of property and equipment of 7.6 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, net cash used in investing activities was 96.6 million, consisting of proceeds of 141.8 million from the maturities of investments, offset by
 purchases of investments of 209.3 million, purchases of property and equipment of 20.6 million, and payments made to acquire right of use asset of 8.5 million.

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 155.3 million, consisting primarily of proceeds related to the October 2022 Public Offering of 108.1 million and issuance
 of common stock in connection with the at-the-market offering program of 46.6 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 37.7 million, consisting of proceeds from the issuance of common stock related to the August 2021 Private Placement of
 11.3 million and issuance of common stock, pursuant to exercises of stock options, of 26.4 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, net cash provided by financing activities was 283.0 million, consisting primarily of proceeds from the issuance of common stock for 280.8 million. On December 14, 2020,
 we completed a public offering of 5,339,286 shares of common stock, which included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 696,428 shares of our common stock, at a public offering price of 56.00 per share. The
 net proceeds to Rocket from the December 2020 public offering were approximately 280.8 million.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in 
 conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on
 our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily
 apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We periodically review our estimates as a result of changes in circumstances, facts and experience. The effects of material
 revisions in estimates are reflected in the financial statements prospectively from the date of the change in estimate. 

For a description of our significant accounting policies, refer to Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in the notes to our consolidated financial statements appearing
 elsewhere in this report. We consider the most critical accounting policies to be those related to our Accrued Research and Development Expenses, Stock-Based-Compensation, Goodwill and Intangible Assets.

Goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for under the acquisition method. The total cost of an acquisition is allocated to the underlying identifiable net assets, based on their respective estimated fair values as
 of the acquisition date. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash
 inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of
 the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually as of December 31, or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Examples of such events or
 circumstances include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in legal or business climate, an adverse regulatory action or unanticipated competition. The Company has one segment and one reporting unit and as such review s
 goodwill for impairment at the consolidated level. When testing goodwill, the Company has the option to first assess qualitative factors for reporting units that carry goodwill. The qualitative assessment includes assessing the totality of
 relevant events and circumstances that affect the fair value or carrying value of the reporting unit. These events and circumstances include macroeconomic conditions, industry and competitive environment conditions, overall financial
 performance, reporting unit specific events and market considerations. The Company also considers recent valuations of the reporting unit, including the magnitude of the difference between the most recent fair value estimate and the carrying
 value, as well as both positive and adverse events and circumstances, and the extent to which each of the events and circumstances identified may affect the comparison of a reporting unit s fair value with its carrying value. If the qualitative
 assessment results in a conclusion that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the carrying value, then no further testing is performed for that reporting unit.

71 

Table of Contents 

The Company performed the qualitative assessment of its goodwill and determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the reporting unit. As a
 result, the Company has determined there was no goodwill impairment as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

Intangible Assets

Intangible assets related to in process research and development IPR D projects are considered to be indefinite-lived until the completion or abandonment of the
 associated R D efforts. If and when development is complete, which generally occurs if and when regulatory approval to market a product is obtained, the associated assets would be deemed finite-lived and would then be amortized based on
 their respective estimated useful lives at that point in time. IPR D intangible assets which are determined to have had a drop in their fair value are adjusted downward and an expense recognized in R D expenses in the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations. These IPR D intangible assets are tested at least annually or when a triggering event occurs that could indicate a potential impairment based on indicators including progress of R D activities, changes in
 projected development of assets, and changes in regulatory environment and future commercial markets.

Accrued Research and Development Expenses

As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued research and development expenses. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase
 orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services when we have not yet been invoiced or
 otherwise notified of the actual costs. The majority of our service providers invoice us in arrears for services performed, on a pre-determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some require advanced payments. We make
 estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in our consolidated financial statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. Examples of estimated accrued research and development expenses include fees
 paid to:

CROs in connection with performing R D services on our behalf;

investigative sites or other providers in connection with clinical trials;

vendors in connection with non-clinical development activities; and

vendors related to product manufacturing, development and distribution of clinical supplies.

We base our expenses related to clinical trials on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with multiple CROs that conduct and manage non-clinical studies and clinical
 trials on our behalf. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. There may be instances in which payments made to our vendors will exceed the level
 of services provided and result in a prepayment of the clinical expense. Payments under some of these contracts depend on factors such as the successful enrollment of patients and the completion of clinical trial milestones. In accruing service
 fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed, enrollment of patients, number of sites activated and level of effort to be expended in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of
 effort varies from our estimate, we adjust the accrual or prepaid accordingly. Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services performed
 relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in us reporting expenses that are too high or too low in any particular period.

Stock-Based Compensation

We issue stock-based awards to employees and non-employees, generally in the form of stock options and restricted stock units. We account for stock-based compensation awards in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). ASC 718 requires all stock-based payments, including grants of stock options and restricted stock units and modifications to existing stock options, to be recognized in the consolidated
 statements of operations and comprehensive loss based on their fair values. We measure the compensation expense of employee and non-employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the fair value of the award
 on the grant date. That cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the period during which the employee and nonemployee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. The fair value of options on the date of grant is calculated
 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model based on key assumptions such as expected volatility and expected term. These assumptions are primarily based on the trading price of the Company s stock, historical data, peer company data and
 judgment regarding future trends and factors.

We classify stock-based compensation expense in our statements of operations in the same manner in which the award recipient s payroll costs and services are classified or in which the award recipient s service
 payments are classified. The Company recognizes compensation expense for at least the portion of awards that are vested. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur.

72 

Table of Contents 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

There were no recent accounting pronouncements that impacted the Company or are expected to have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks

Not Applicable

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The financial statements required by this Item 8 are included in Item 15 of this Annual Report.

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our principal executive and our principal financial and accounting officers, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the effectiveness of
 our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our principal executive officer and interim principal financial and accounting officer concluded that our
 disclosure controls and procedures as of such date are effective at the reasonable assurance level. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-1I) and 15I5(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other
 procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
 specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the
 Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and interim principal financial and accounting officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management
 recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
 relationship of possible controls and procedures.

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)
 promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
 only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive and financial officers, we assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based
 on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Our management s
 assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting included testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls. In our management s opinion, we have maintained effective internal
 control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the COSO 2013 framework.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by EisnerAmper LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which
 is included herein.

73 

Table of Contents 

Inherent Limitations of Internal Controls

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
 assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that
 the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
 over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not Applicable.

PART III. OTHER INFORMATION

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance

Information with respect to this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Proxy Statement under the headings Nominees for Election as Directors, 
 Information about Our Executive Officers, Information about the Board and Corporate Governance and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
 by this Annual Report.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation

Information with respect to this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the headings Executive Officer Compensation and Director Compensation and Equity Compensation Plan Information is
 incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

Information with respect to this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information and
 is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence

Information with respect to this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the headings Transactions with Related Persons and Information about the Board and Corporate
 Governance and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report.

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Our independent public accounting firm is EisnerAmper LLP, New York, New York, PCAOB Auditor ID 274 .

Information with respect to this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the heading Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and is
 incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report.

74 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedules

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report:

(1) Financial Statements:

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

F-6

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

F-7

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

F-8

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

F-9

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-10

(2) Financial Statement Schedules:

All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto.

75 

Table of Contents 

(3) Exhibits:

Exhibit

Exhibit Index

Number

Description of Exhibit

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of September 12, 2017, by and among Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corporation, Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. and Rome
 Merger Sub (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 13, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference)

2.2 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 19, 2022, by and among Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Renovacor, Inc., Zebrafish Merger Sub, Inc. and Zebrafish Merger Sub, LLC
 (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 20, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference)

3.1 

Seventh Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc., effective as of February 23, 2015 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference)

3.2 

Certificate of Amendment (Reverse Stock Split) to the Seventh Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, effective as of January 4, 2018
 (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

3.3 

Certificate of Amendment (Name Change) to the Seventh Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, effective January 4, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit
 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

3.4 

Certificate of Amendment to the Seventh Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, effective June 25, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the
 Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 25, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference)

3.5 

Amended and Restated By-Laws of Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc., effective as of March 29, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company's registration statement on Form
 8-A/A, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 11, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

4.1 

Form of Common Stock Certificate of Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5,
 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

4.2

Description of Securities (Filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.1# 

2004 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-199859), filed with the SEC on November 5, 2014,
 as amended, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.2# 

Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Option and Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 25, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.3# 

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (Employees) (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 14, 2018, and
 incorporated herein by reference)

10.4# 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Employees) (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 14, 2018,
 and incorporated herein by reference)

10.5# 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on
 August 14, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.6# 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Consultants) (Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 14,
 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.6.1# 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Filed as Exhibit 10.6.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021, and
 incorporated herein by reference)

10.7# 

Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. 2015 Share Option Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 7, 2018, and
 incorporated herein by reference)

10.8# 

Letter Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2014, by and between the Registrant and David P. Southwell (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form S-1 (333-199859), filed with the SEC on November 5, 2014, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.9# 

Amendment to Offer Letter, effective as of September 1, 2017, by and between Inotek and David Southwell (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.10#

Offer Letter, dated September 29, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Raj Prabhakar.

10.11#

Offer Letter, dated April 29, 2021, by and between the registrant and Isabel Carmona.

10.12 

Amended and Restated Lease Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2019, by and between Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Cedar Brook 12 Corporate Center, L.P. (Filed as
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.13# 

Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 8-K, filed with the
 SEC on March 7, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.14# 

Form of Indemnification Agreement, to be entered into between the Registrant and its directors (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K,
 filed with the SEC on January 5, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.15# 

Form of Indemnification Agreement, to be entered into between the Registrant and its officers (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
 with the SEC on January 5, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.16# 

Form of Severance and Change of Control Agreements, to be entered into between the Registrant and certain of its officers (Filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.17 

Agreement of Lease, dated as of June 6, 2018, by and between Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and ESRT Empire State Building, L.L.C., (Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the
 Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 14, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

76 

Table of Contents 

10.18 

License Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2018, by and between Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. and REGENXBIO Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K,
 filed with the SEC on March 8, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.19

Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated as of December 21, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Neptune Consulting, LLC. (Filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual
 Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.20

Warrant to Purchase Shares of Series Preferred Stock, dated as of June 28, 2013, by and between Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corporation and Horizon Technology Finance Corporation (Filed as
 Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.21

Warrant to Purchase Shares of Series Preferred Stock dated as of June 28, 2013, by and between Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corporation and Fortress Credit Co LLC (Filed as Exhibit 10.25 to
 the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.22

Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated as of December 17, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Neptune Consulting, LLC. (First Indication)

10.23

Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated as of December 17, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Neptune Consulting, LLC. (Second Indication)

10.24

Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2021, by and among Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and each of those persons listed as a Purchaser on the Schedule of Purchasers
 attached as Schedule I thereto (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 30, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.25

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2021, by and among Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and each of those persons listed as an Investor on the Schedule of Inventors
 attached as Schedule A thereto (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 30, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.26

Sales Agreement, dated February 28, 2022, by and between the Company and Cowen and Company, LLC (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC
 on March 1, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference)

21.1 

List of Subsidiaries (Filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference)

23.1 

Consent of EisnerAmper LLP

24.1 

Power of Attorney (included in the signature page)

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document.

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Link Document.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in exhibit 101)

Filed herewith.

#

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.

Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the SEC.

Certain portions of this exhibit have been excluded because they are both not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed.

The certification attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompanying this Annual Report on Form 10- K is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Rocket
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation
 language contained in such filing.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

Not Applicable.

77 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Registrant) has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
 undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Cranbury, State of New Jersey, on February 28, 2023.

Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By:

/s/ Gaurav Shah, MD

Gaurav Shah, MD

President and Chief Executive Officer

POWER OF ATTORNEY

Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Gaurav Shah, MD and John Militello, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to
 act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file
 any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and
 agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do
 or cause to be done by virtue thereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on
 the dates indicated.

Name

Title

Date

/s/ Gaurav Shah, MD

Chief Executive Officer and Director

February 28, 2023

Gaurav Shah, MD

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ John C. Militello

VP, Finance, Senior Controller Treasurer

February 28, 2023

John C. Militello

(Interim Principal Financial Officer, Principal 

 Accounting Officer)

/s/ Carsten Boess

Carsten Boess

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ Pedro Granadillo

Pedro Granadillo

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ Gotham Makker, MD

Gotham Makker, MD

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ David P. Southwell

David P. Southwell

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ Roderick Wong, MD

Roderick Wong, MD

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ Naveen Yalamanchi, MD

Naveen Yalamanchi, MD

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ Elisabeth Bj rk

Elisabeth Bj rk

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ Fady Malik

Fady Malik

Director 

February 28, 2023 

79 

Table of Contents 

Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

Contents

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

F-6

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

F-7

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

F-8

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-9

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of

Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as
 of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
 notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of
 their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
 Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our
 report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
 the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
 applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
 audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
 financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our
 audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
 for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that
 were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
 judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the
 critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Accruals for research and development expenses

As disclosed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company estimates accrued research and development expenses for existing
 contracts, evaluates and identifies services that have been performed for the Company, estimates the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services when not yet invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual
 costs, and evaluates contractual milestones reached. The Company estimates costs on clinical trials in progress based on the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with multiple contract research organizations (CROs),
 investigative sites in connection with clinical trials, and contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs). The accounts payable and accrued research and development expenses as of December 31, 2022 were approximately 19.1 million.

We identified accruals related to research and development activities as a critical audit matter due to the complexity of the
 estimation of those accruals related to third party CROs, CMOs and investigative sites. The complexity of the Company s estimates for these accruals was primarily the determination of progress and direct and indirect costs incurred under
 these arrangements, where invoicing of costs and milestones may not match the timing of services provided to date. As a result, auditor judgement was required to perform procedures and evaluate audit evidence related to the accruals for
 research and development expenses.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall
 opinion on the financial statements. We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s controls over the determination of estimates of the research and development accruals, including
 controls over inputs used by management to make the estimates and the completeness and accuracy of the data used in the estimates. Our audit procedures also included inspection of a sample of contracts, invoices and payments, confirmation of
 amount owed by the Company as of December 31, 2022 for a sample of third-party research and development vendors, comparing the Company s estimates of progress to the contracts, statements of work, data confirmed by third party vendors,
 invoices and payments of the resulting accruals.

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016.

February 28, 2023

F-2 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the
 Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Rocket
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013 issued by COSO.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
 the consolidated balance sheets of Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the
 years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment
 of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
 applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
 to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal
 control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such
 other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

An entity s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. An entity s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
 procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the entity; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
 as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the entity are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
 directors of the entity; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the entity s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/
 EisnerAmper LLP

February 28, 2023 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

December 31,

 2022 

December 31,

 2021 

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Investments

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Goodwill

Intangible assets

Restricted cash

Deposits

Investments

Operating lease right-of-use assets

Finance lease right-of-use asset

Total assets

Liabilities and stockholders equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Operating lease liabilities, current

Finance lease liability, current

Total current liabilities

Operating lease liabilities, non-current

Finance lease liability, non-current

Other liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)

Stockholders equity:

Preferred stock, 
 par value, authorized shares:

Series A convertible preferred stock; shares designated as Series A; shares issued and
 outstanding

Series B convertible preferred stock; shares designated as Series B; shares issued and
 outstanding

Common stock, 
 par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and and shares outstanding at
 December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively

Treasury stock, at cost, and common shares at December 31, 2022 and
 December 31, 2021 respectively 

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Accumulated deficit

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Operations

(in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

For the Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue

Operating expenses:

Research and development

General and administrative

Total operating expenses

Loss from operations

Research and development incentives

Interest expense

Interest and other income, net

Amortization of premium on investments, net

Total other income (expense), net

Net loss

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted

Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

(in thousands)

For the Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net loss

Other comprehensive loss

Net unrealized loss on investments

Total comprehensive loss

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

(in thousands, except share amounts)

Common Stock

Treasury 

Additional paid in 

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Total Stockholders 

Shares

Amount

Stock

capital

Income / (Loss)

Deficit

Equity

Balance at December 31, 2019

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs

Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options

Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of warrant 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to conversion of notes 

Issuance of warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock repurchase 

Sale of treasury stock

Issuance of treasury stock pursuant to exercise of stock options 

Unrealized comprehensive loss on marketable securities

-

Stock-based compensation

-

Net loss

-

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to conversion of notes 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs

Issuance of warrants

-

-

-

-

-

Unrealized comprehensive loss on marketable securities

-

Stock-based compensation

-

Net loss

-

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to vesting of restricted stock units 

Issuance of common stock related to acquisition 

Issuance of common stock related to earnout restricted stock units settlement 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to the at-the-market offering program, net of issuance costs 

Treasury stock repurchase 

Unrealized comprehensive loss on marketable securities 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

Net loss 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-7 

Table of Contents 

Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(in thousands)

For the Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating activities:

Net loss

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:

Accretion of discount on convertible notes

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

Amortization of right of use asset 

Write down of property and equipment, net 

Stock-based compensation

Amortization of premium on investments, net

Expense in connection with warrant issuance 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisition: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Operating lease liabilities

Finance lease liability

Other liabilities

Net cash used in operating activities

Investing activities:

Purchases of investments

Proceeds from maturities of investments

Cash proceeds from acquisition of business, net of cash paid 

Payments made to acquire right of use asset

Purchases of property and equipment

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

Financing activities:

Issuance of common stock, pursuant to exercise of stock options

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from sale of treasury stock, net of cash paid 

Payment of withholding tax on option exercise

Treasury stock repurchase

Convertible notes refinancing costs to the lender

Issuance of common stock pursuant to the at-the-market offering program, net of issuance
 costs

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing and investing activities:

Accrued purchases of property and equipment, ending balance

Unrealized loss on investments

Conversion of convertible notes into common stock 

Issuance of common stock related to acquisition

Finance lease right of use asset and lease liability

Reclassification of construction in process from finance right of use asset

Supplemental cash flow information:

Cash paid for interest

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

clinical-stage ex vivo
 lentiviral vector LV programs. These include programs for Fanconi Anemia FA ), a genetic defect in the bone marrow that reduces production of blood cells or promotes the production of faulty blood cells, Leukocyte Adhesion Deficiency-I
 LAD-I ), a genetic disorder that causes the immune system to malfunction and Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency PKD ), a rare red blood cell autosomal recessive disorder that results in chronic non-spherocytic hemolytic anemia. Of these, both the
 Phase 2 FA program and the Phase 1/2 LAD-I program are in potentially registration-enabling studies in the United States U.S. and Europe EU ). Additional work on a gene therapy program for the less common FA subtypes C and G is ongoing.
 In the U.S., the Company also has a clinical stage in vivo adeno-associated virus AAV program for Danon disease, a multi-organ lysosomal-associated disorder leading to early death due to heart failure. The Danon program is currently in an
 ongoing Phase 1 trial. Additionally, the Company has an AAV vector program targeting Plakophilin-2 Arrhythmogenic Cardiomyopathy PKP2-ACM ), an inheritable cardiac disorder that is characterized by a progressive loss of cardiac muscle mass,
 severe right ventricular dilation, dysplasia, fibrofatty replacement of the myocardium and a high propensity to arrhythmias and sudden death. As a result of the Company s acquisition of Renovacor Inc. Renovacor (see Note 17- Renovacor
 Acquisition ), the Company is able to utilize recombinant AAV9-based gene therapy designed to slow or halt progression of BAG3 Dilated Cardiomyopathy DCM ), which is the most common form of cardiomyopathy and is characterized by progressive
 thinning of the walls of the heart resulting in enlarged heart chambers that are unable to pump blood. The Company has global commercialization and development rights to all of these product candidates under royalty-bearing license agreements.

million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has million of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term and long-term investments. The Company expects such resources will be sufficient to fund the Company s operating expenses and
 capital expenditure requirements through 2024.

per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to 
 million (the Shares through Cowen as its sales agent. Through December 31, 2022, the Company has sold million shares of
 common stock for net proceeds of million pursuant to the at-the-market offering program (see Note 9- Stockholder s Equity ). 

shares of common stock for net proceeds of 
 million (see Note 9- Stockholder s Equity ).

F-9 

Table of Contents 

Restricted cash

, 
 million, and million of CIRM grant funds, respectively against research and development R D expenses (See Note 16 CIRM
 Grant for additional disclosure).

realized gains or losses on investments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and
 2020, there was net unrealized losses on investments of million, million, and million, respectively. 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

segment and reporting unit and as such review s goodwill for impairment at the consolidated level. When testing goodwill, the Company has the option
 to first assess qualitative factors for reporting units that carry goodwill. The qualitative assessment includes assessing the totality of relevant events and circumstances that affect the fair value or carrying value of the reporting unit. These
 events and circumstances include macroeconomic conditions, industry and competitive environment conditions, overall financial performance, reporting unit specific events and market considerations. The Company also considers recent valuations of
 the reporting unit, including the magnitude of the difference between the most recent fair value estimate and the carrying value, as well as both positive and adverse events and circumstances, and the extent to which each of the events and
 circumstances identified may affect the comparison of a reporting unit s fair value with its carrying value. If the qualitative assessment results in a conclusion that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the
 carrying value, then no further testing is performed for that reporting unit. 

goodwill impairment as
 of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

. The Company capitalizes purchases of laboratory equipment, machinery and equipment, furniture and fixtures and leasehold improvements in relation to the
 facility at Cranbury, New Jersey, since it has been determined these assets have alternative future uses to the Company. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance of assets are charged to expense as incurred. Upon retirement or sale, the cost and
 related accumulated depreciation of assets disposed of are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in loss from operations. Costs incurred in connection with
 development or purchase of internal use software and cloud computing arrangements, including in-substance software licenses, are capitalized. Amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset, which is
 . Capitalized software is included in property and equipment in the consolidated balance sheets.

impairment of long-lived assets as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

F-11 

Table of Contents 

F-12 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and , respectively
 related to the NYS Life Sciences Research and Development Tax Credit.

operating segment.

F-13 

Table of Contents 

Commercial Paper

United States Treasury Securities

Corporate Bonds

Investments:

Commercial Paper

United States Treasury securities

Corporate Bonds

Agency Bonds

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability

Total liabilities

Investments:

United States Treasury securities

Corporate Bonds

Municipal Bonds

Agency Bonds

Total assets 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

Acquisition of Renovacor

Balance, December 31, 2022

Exercise price

Expected volatility

Risk-free interest rate

Expected dividend yield

Expected life (years)

Fair value per warrant

Machinery and equipment

Computer equipment 

Furniture and fixtures

Leasehold improvements

Internal use software

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization

million, million and million, respectively. 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

-

Mice colony model

- 

Total intangible assets

-

million as of December 31, 2022 compared to million as of December 31, 2021 as a result of the acquisition of Renovacor (see Note
 17- Renovacor Acquisition ).

Employee compensation

Property and equipment

Professional fees

Acquisition related expenses

Government grant payable

Other

million, (the 2021
 Convertible Notes ).

million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due August 2022 (the 2022
 Convertible Notes ). Also pursuant to the Exchange Agreements, on June 12, 2020, the Company exchanged million aggregate principal
 amount of the 2021 Convertible Notes for (a) million aggregate principal amount of its newly issued Convertible Senior Notes due 2022. 

million principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes as the Company s stock price traded above the initial conversion price for more than 
 trading days during a -day consecutive trading period. Holders of the remaining principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes
 converted such notes in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Agreements into approximately million shares of the Company s
 common stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares. In accordance with ASC 470- Debt , the settlement of the 2022
 Convertible Notes is accounted for as a conversion since the 2022 Convertible Notes did not include a beneficial conversion feature and the carrying amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes. As of December 31, 2022, there were 2022 Convertible Notes were outstanding. 

, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Accretion of the 2022 Convertible Notes discount was , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, which was recorded in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations.

F-16 

Table of Contents 

shares of par value common stock. All issued shares of common stock are entitled to vote on a 1 share/ vote basis. 

million for shares withheld to pay the payroll tax liability of the vesting of RSUs. There was treasury stock as of December 31, 2021. 

shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of per share for aggregate net proceeds of approximately million after deducting estimated
 offering expenses payable. The Private Placement closed on August 31, 2021.

of gross proceeds from the sale of the shares pursuant to the
 Sales Agreement and has provided Cowen with customary indemnification and contribution rights. The Company reimbursed Cowen for certain expenses incurred in connection with the Sales Agreement. Through
 December 31, 2022 , the Company has sold million shares under the at-the-market offering program for gross proceeds of
 million, less commissions of 
 million for net proceeds of million.

shares of our common stock at a public offering price of per
 share. The gross proceeds to Rocket from the public offering were approximately million, net of million of offering costs, commissions, legal and other expenses for net proceeds from the offering of million.

Expected term (in years)

Expected volatility

Expected dividend yield

Exercise price

Fair value of common stock

F-17 

Table of Contents 

Granted

Exercised

- 

Cancelled

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Conversion of Renovacor awards 

Granted

Exercised

Cancelled

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Options vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Options unvested as of December 31, 2022 

, , and , respectively.

million, million and million, respectively.

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

Unvested as of December 31, 2021 

Conversion of Renovacor awards 

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

million, million, and million, respectively. 

million of unrecognized compensation cost related to RSU s unvested. This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years.

Restricted stock units

Total share based compensation expense

F-18 

Table of Contents 

General and administrative

Total share based compensation expense

million of
 unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of 
 years.

N/A 

Total

Granted August 2021 

Granted December 2021 

Exercised

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Assumed Renovacor warrants - liability 

Assumed Renovacor warrants - equity 

Assumed Renovacor warrants - equity 

Granted 

Exercised

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

million and million, respectively (see Note 18- Related Party Transactions ). 
 warrants were issued to the related party during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

Expected term (in years)

Expected volatility

Expected dividend yield

Exercise price

Fair value of common stock

pre-acquisition public warrants Public Warrants which were issued in connection with Renovacor s initial public offering in April 2020. Each Public Warrant initially entitled the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Renovacor s common stock at an initial exercise price of per whole share, subject to adjustment. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. Therefore, the Public Warrants must be exercised in multiples of Public Warrants for share of
 the Company s common stock. The Public Warrants will expire following the SPAC Merger Closing Date or earlier upon
 redemption or liquidation. As a result of the acquisition, these former Renovacor Public Warrants were converted into Rocket warrants with a right to purchase of Rocket common shares at an exercise price of per share. 

per Public Warrant at
 any time during the exercise period upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption if, and only if, the last sale
 price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the
 third business day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such
 Public Warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire -day trading period referred to above and continuing each day
 thereafter until the date of redemption.

million.

warrants Private Warrants which were issued
 simultaneously with the closing of the Renovacor Initial Public Offering IPO ), pursuant to a private placement transaction. Each Private Warrant was exercisable to purchase share of Renovacor s common stock at an exercise price of . The
 Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants except that the Private Warrants (i) will be exercisable for cash (even if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not
 effective) or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and (ii) will not be non-redeemable by the Company, in each case, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by
 someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Private Warrants purchased by Chardan
 Capital Markets will not be exercisable more than from the effective date of the Renovacor IPO, in accordance with FINRA
 Rule 5110(f)(2)(G)(i), as long as Chardan Capital Markets or any of its related persons beneficially own these Private Warrants.

of Rocket common shares at an exercise price of per share.

F-20 

Table of Contents 

shares the Company s common stock, at a price of per share, and a pre-funded warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock (the Pre- Funded Warrant at an initial purchase price of per share underlying the
 Pre-Funded Warrant, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million (the PIPE Investment ). The Pre-Funded Warrant was
 immediately exercisable at an exercise price of and is exercisable indefinitely, provided that the holder of the Pre-Funded
 Warrant was prohibited from exercising such Pre-Funded Warrant in an amount that would cause such holder s beneficial ownership of our Common Stock to exceed , which limitation may be increased up to at the option of the
 holder from time to time.

of Rocket common shares at an exercise price of per share. These warrants were exercised in January 2023.

million. 

Denominator:

Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted

Shares issuable upon conversion of the 2022 Convertible Notes

Warrants exercisable for common shares

Restricted stock units convertible for common shares 

Options to purchase common shares

provision for federal or state income taxes was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, as the Company incurred
 operating losses and maintains a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets. 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

Foreign rate differential 

Change in state tax apportionment

Stock compensation

Transfer pricing adjustments

Valuation allowance

Federal NOL true-up 

Tax credits

Other

Effective tax rate

Net operating losses NOL and credit carryforwards

Capitalized research and development costs

Stock-based compensation

Debt discount

Warrants

Intangible assets 

Other

Valuation allowance

Net deferred income tax asset (liability) 

million, of which approximately million will begin to
 expire in 2026 , and state NOL carryforwards of approximately million, of which approximately million will begin to expire in 2037 . Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, federal NOL s generated in tax years beginnig after December 31, 2017 have an unlimited carryforward period, and
 the amount of NOL allowed to be utilized each year is limited to 80 of taxable income. The Company has federal R D credits of 
 million which will begin to expire in . 

million and million, respectively. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income.

million annual limitation on our ability to utilize our pre-merger NOL s and R D Credits. Due to this limitation, approximately million of the million pre-merger Federal NOL will expire unutilized as the cumulative limitation amount over a carryforward period is million. Additionally, million of Federal R D Credits will expire unutilized. As a result, the Company has reduced its deferred tax assets
 related to the Federal NOL and Federal R D Credits by an aggregate of million which is offset by the corresponding decrease in the valuation allowance. In conjunction with the Renovacor Acquisition (see Note 17- Renovacor Acquisition ), Rocket acquired Renovacor s federal NOL s of million. A Section 382 study has not yet been performed as it relates to the Renovacor NOL s, therefore the limitation of the Renovacor NOL s is
 not yet known. 

F-22 

Table of Contents 

t recorded any uncertain tax positions in its financial statements.

accrued interest or penalties are included on the related tax
 liability line in the consolidated balance sheets. 

square feet of space including areas for offices, process development, research and development laboratories and square feet dedicated to AAV Current Good Manufacturing Practice cGMP manufacturing facilities to support the Company s pipeline. A smaller area within this facility was
 originally leased in August 2018, and the lease was amended in June 2019 to include the full building (such lease, as amended, the NJ Lease Agreement ). The NJ Lease Agreement has a term from September 1, 2019, with an option to renew for 
 consecutive renewal terms.

million, with a corresponding lease liability of million. The Company reclassified million of construction costs
 in progress and million of prepaid rent as part of the right-of-use asset upon the lease commencement date of March 15, 2020.
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company reclassified an additional million and million, respectively of construction costs in progress bringing the aggregate reclassification through December 31, 2022, of million of construction costs in progress as part of the right of use asset.

million per annum, payable in monthly installments, depending upon the nature of the leased space, and subject to annual base rent increases of . The total commitment under the lease is estimated to be approximately million over the term of the lease. The Company paid a cash
 security deposit of million to the landlord in connection with the NJ Lease Agreement which has been reflected in deposits
 in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

million.

F-23 

Table of Contents 

lease agreement for office space in the Empire State Building in New York, NY (the ESB Lease Agreement ). In connection with the ESB Lease Agreement, the Company
 established an irrevocable standby letter of credit (the Empire LOC for million. On March 26, 2021, the Company entered in
 Amendment No. 1 to the ESB Lease Agreement ESB Lease Amendment that extended the term of the lease agreement to ,
 reduced the rent payments going forward, and reduced the Empire LOC to million. The Empire LOC serves as the Company s
 security deposit on the lease in which the landlord is the beneficiary and expires . The Company has accounted for
 the ESB Lease Amendment as a modification to the ESB Lease Agreement and remeasured the lease liability and adjusted the operating lease right of use asset by million as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021.

million and million with a bank as collateral for the Empire LOC
 which is classified as part of restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively.

. In July 2018, the Company signed an agreement to
 sublease a portion of the Lexington, Massachusetts space and in September 2018, the Company signed an agreement to sublease the remaining portion of the Lexington, Massachusetts space. Rental income received under the sublease agreement totaled
 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. These amounts are netted against rent expense in the
 consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

and years, respectively. As a result, the Company recognized a total right-of-use asset of million with corresponding total lease liabilities of million. In addition, the lease commencement date has not occurred for certain portions of the facility in Hopewell, New Jersey as of December 31, 2022. As a result, future lease payments of approximately million are not recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets and excluded from the table of future operating lease payments below. The
 Company intends to sublease both premises through the remainder of their lease terms.

million, million, and 
 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Finance lease cost

Amortization of right of use assets

Interest on lease liablities

Total lease cost

F-24 

Table of Contents 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments

Less: interest

Total operating lease liabilities

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Less: interest

Total finance lease liability

Operating current lease liabilities

Operating noncurrent lease liabilities

Total operating lease liabilities

Finance right-of-use assets

Finance current lease liability

Finance noncurrent lease liability

Total finance lease liability

F-25 

Table of Contents 

Cash flows from finance lease

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases

years

Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance lease

years

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases

Weighted-average discount rate - finance lease

F-26 

Table of Contents 

million (approximately million) which was expensed
 as research and development R D costs. The Company is obligated to make aggregate milestone payments of up to million
 (approximately million) to CIEMAT upon the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. With respect to any
 commercialized products covered by the PKD license, Rocket is obligated to pay a low to mid-single digit percentage royalty on net sales, subject to specified adjustments, by the Company or its sublicensees or affiliates. In the event that
 Rocket enters into a sublicense agreement with a sublicensee, it will be obligated to pay a portion of any consideration received from such sublicensees in specified circumstances.

days advance notice. The license is in effect for a duration for each of the countries defined in this agreement for as long as a license right exists that covers the licensed product or process in such
 country, or until the end of any additional legal protection that should be obtained for the license rights in each country.

million (approximately million), which was expensed
 as R D costs. The Company is obligated to make aggregate milestone payments of up to million (approximately million) to CIEMAT upon the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. With respect to any commercialized products covered
 by the license, Rocket is obligated to pay a mid-single digit percentage royalty on net sales, subject to specified adjustments, by Rocket or its sublicensees or affiliates. In the event that the Company enters into a sublicense agreement with
 a sublicensee, the Company will be obligated to pay a portion of any consideration received from such sublicensees in specified circumstances.

days advance notice. The license is in effect for a duration for each of the countries defined in this agreement for as long as a license right exists that covers the licensed product or process in such
 country, or until the end of any additional legal protection that should be obtained for the license rights in each country.

million (approximately million), which was
 expensed as R D costs. The Company is obligated to make aggregate payments of up to million (approximately million) to Licensors upon the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. With respect to any commercialized products
 covered by the LAD-I license, Rocket is obligated to pay a mid-single digit percentage royalty on net sales, subject to specified adjustments, by the Company or its sublicensees or affiliates. In the event that the Company enters into a
 sublicense agreement with a sublicensee, it will be obligated to pay a portion of any consideration received from such sublicensees in specified circumstances.

F-27 

Table of Contents 

days advance notice. The license is in effect for a duration for each of the countries defined in this agreement for as long as a license right exists that covers the
 licensed product or process in such country, or until the end of any additional legal protection that should be obtained for the license rights in each country.

million was expensed as research and development costs in 2020. The
 Company is obligated to make aggregate milestone payments of up to million to UCSD upon the achievement of specified development
 and regulatory milestones for the treatment of Danon disease. A reduced schedule of milestone payments applies to achieving the same milestones for additional indications. With respect to any commercialized products covered by the agreement, the
 Company is obligated to pay a low single digit percentage royalty on net sales, subject to specified adjustments. If it enters into a sublicense agreement with a sublicensee, it will be obligated to pay a portion of any consideration received
 from such sublicensees in specified circumstances. The Company is also subject to certain diligence milestones for development of a product using the intellectual property licensed from UCSD under this agreement. The term of the license agreement
 with UCSD is through the expiration of the licensed patents, some of which are still in the pending application phase. 

additional NAV AAV vectors in the Field (each, a Licensed Patent and collectively, the Licensed
 Patents ).

after the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in such country. The license agreement provides that RGNX may terminate the agreement upon a material breach by the Company if the Company does not cure such breach within a specified notice
 period if the Company commences a challenge against RGNX or certain of its licensors to declare or render invalid or unenforceable the licensed patents or upon the Company s bankruptcy or insolvency. The Company may terminate the agreement in its
 entirety or terminate one or more of the licensed vectors at any time upon notice. The Company s Option Right expired from the date of the license agreement.

million. The license agreement provides for royalties
 payable to RGNX in the high-single digits to low-teens on net sales levels of Licensed Products during the royalty term. If successful, the Company will be required to make milestone payments to RGNX of up to million for each Licensed Product upon the achievement of specified
 clinical development and regulatory milestones in the U.S. and European Union. In addition, the Company shall pay RGNX of the payment fees received from a priority review voucher issued in connection with or otherwise related to a Licensed Product. These royalty obligations are subject to
 specified reductions if additional licenses from third parties are required. The Company must also pay RGNX a portion of all non-royalty sublicense income (if any) received from sublicensees. The Company paid a million license fee payment under the RGNX agreement upon the dosing of
 the first Danon patient in 2019. There were 
 additional milestones achieved or related payments made during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

million under a CLIN2 grant award to support the clinical development of its LV-based gene therapy for RP-L201. Proceeds from the grant will help fund clinical trial costs as well as manufactured drug
 product for Phase 1/2 patients enrolled at the U.S. clinical site, University of California, Los Angeles UCLA Mattel Children s Hospital, led by principal investigator Donald Kohn, M.D., UCLA Professor of Microbiology, Immunology and
 Molecular Genetics, Pediatrics (Hematology/Oncology), Molecular and Medical Pharmacology and member of the Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regenerative Medicine and Stem Cell Research at UCLA. In 2019, the Company received the first grants from CIRM in the aggregate of 
 million which were included as an offset against R D expenses. In 2020, the Company met additional CIRM milestones and received an additional 
 million milestone which was recorded as a reduction of R D expenses in 2020. The Company received the additional milestone payments of 
 million and million in January and April of 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not meet the next
 milestone and therefore no receivable has been recorded.

F-28 

Table of Contents 

million under a CLIN2
 grant award to support the clinical development of its LV-based gene therapy, RP-L401, for the treatment of IMO. The Company received 
 million pursuant to the grant on January 4, 2021, related to the CIRM IMO award and recorded a reduction of R D expenses of 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company recorded a reduction of R D expense of million for the year
 ended December 31, 2021. Effective December 2021, a decision was made to no longer pursue Rocket-sponsored clinical evaluation of RP-L401; this program is to be returned to academic innovators. 

(the Exchange Ratio of fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company common stock, which was determined on the basis of the exchange
 formula set forth in the Merger Agreement that was subject to adjustment depending on the level of the Renovacor s net cash at the closing. Prior to the market opening on December 1, 2022, Renovacor shares ceased to trade on NYSE and upon the closing
 of the acquisition, Renovacor s outstanding common stock were converted into shares of Rocket common stock.

million, consisting of million for common stock
 outstanding, million for the portion of equity compensation attributable to the pre-combination service period, and million for assumed warrants. The consideration was based on the estimated fair values on the acquisition date of (i) common shares issued for shares outstanding for common shares of Renovacor, (ii) estimated fair value of employee stock options to acquire common shares of the Company, (iii) 
 common shares issued for employee time-vesting RSUs, and (iv) warrants to acquire common shares (see Note 11 ).

million consisted of the following:

Cash consideration (1) 

Stock options

Time-vesting RSUs

Assumed warrants (2) 

Total consideration

with classified as equity and classified as liabilities. 

F-29 

Table of Contents 

Cash and cash equivalents

Property and equipment

Operating lease right-of-use assets

Other non-current assets

IPR D

Other intangible asset

Operating lease liability

Deferred tax
 liability 

Net assets acquired

Goodwill

Purchase consideration

million resulting from the acquisition. The goodwill recorded as part of the acquisition is primarily attributable to the broadening of our portfolio and research capabilities, deferred taxes and the
 assembled workforce. The goodwill attributable to the acquisition has been recorded as a non-current asset in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and is not amortized, but subject to review for impairment annually. The Company
 incurred million of acquisition related general and administrative costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

per quarter, and the Company may terminate the agreement with notice. The Company incurred expenses of for the
 year ended December 31, 2022 and million for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, relating to services provided
 under this agreement.

restricted stock units which vest over a period. 

and may be terminated with notice by either party. In exchange for the business
 development services to be provided under the agreement, the Company issued a warrant exercisable for shares of Common Stock. 
 Pursuant to the consulting agreement, the related party is entitled to receive additional warrants exercisable for common stock upon identification of new assets for the Company to in-license. The Company recorded a non-cash R D expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2020, related to the issuance of the warrants.

shares of common stock to the same related party for business development and asset
 identification consulting services August 2021 Warrant ). The Company recorded a non-cash R D expense of million during
 year ended December 31, 2021, related to the issuance of the August 2021 warrant. On December 17, 2021, the Company issued warrants exercisable for 
 and shares of common stock, respectively to the same related party for business development and asset identification
 consulting services December 2021 Warrants ). The Company recorded a non-cash R D expense of million during year ended
 December 31, 2021, related to the issuance of the December 2021 warrant. Total non-cash R D expense of million during the
 year ended December 31, 2021, related to the issuance of the August 2021 and December 2021 warrants.

Table of Contents 

shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of 
 per share for aggregate net proceeds of approximately million to the Company before deducting estimated offering expenses
 payable by the Company. The Private Placement closed on August 31, 2021. In addition, concurrently with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement with the Purchaser, pursuant to which the
 Company agreed, following demand by the Purchaser, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of shares of common stock held by the Purchaser as promptly as reasonably
 practicable following such demand, and in any event within of such demand.

term, the Company granted the board member options to
 purchase shares of the
 Company s common stock with a fair value of million. 

of employee contributions to the Plan, subject to certain
 limitations. The Company s matching contribution for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million,
 respectively.

F-25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 brhc10048995_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

Certifications under Section 302

I, Gaurav Shah, MD, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
 relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
 the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 28, 2023

/s/ Gaurav Shah, MD

Gaurav Shah, MD

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 brhc10048995_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

Certifications under Section 302

I, John Militello, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
 relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
 the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ John Militello 

John Militello

Vice President Finance, Sr, Controller and Treasurer 

(Interim Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 brhc10048995_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December
 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to their
 knowledge:

1) the Report which this statement
 accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

2) the information contained in the
 Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: February 28, 2023 
 /s/ Gaurav Shah, MD 

Gaurav Shah, MD 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 /s/ John Militello 

John Militello 

Vice President of Finance. Sr. Controller and Treasurer 

(Interim Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certifications are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of
 Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether
 made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 rckt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 rckt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 rckt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 rckt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 rckt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

