<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1735041_0001213900-23-025456.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8083287</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>342079</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1829355</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2040539</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1888167</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1772040</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025456.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160637
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025456
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Greenland Technologies Holding Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001735041
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3560]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38605
		FILM NUMBER:		23787602

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 MILLSTONE ROAD, BUILDING 400
		STREET 2:		SUITE 130
		CITY:			EAST WINDSOR
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08512
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1 888 827-4832

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 MILLSTONE ROAD, BUILDING 400
		STREET 2:		SUITE 130
		CITY:			EAST WINDSOR
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Greenland Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180320

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025456.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_greenlandtech.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ______ TO ______ 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

001-38605 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

REGISTRANT S
TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 

NONE 

(Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed be Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately 35.10 million. 

As of March 31, 2023, there were ordinary
shares of the registrant outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Cautionary
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 ii 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 
 41 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 41 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. 
 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 42 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 43 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 44 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 54 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 55 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 
 55 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 
 56 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 56 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 57 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 
 63 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 65 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 66 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 68 

PART
 IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS,
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 69 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 70 

SIGNATURES 
 
 71 

i 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Report, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). These statements, which express management s current views concerning future business, events,
trends, contingencies, financial performance, or financial condition, appear at various places in this report and use words like aim, 
 anticipate, assume, believe, continue, could, estimate, 
 expect, forecast, future, goal, intend, likely, may, 
 might, plan, potential, predict, project, see, seek, 
 should, strategy, strive, target, will, and would 
and similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are
subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 

the
 availability and adequacy of our cash flow to meet our requirements; 

economic,
 competitive, demographic, business, and other conditions in our local and regional markets; 

changes
 or developments in laws, regulations, or taxes in our industry; 

actions
 taken or omitted to be taken by third parties including our suppliers and competitors, as well as legislative, regulatory, judicial,
 and other governmental authorities; 

competition
 in our industry; 

the
 loss of or failure to obtain any license or permit necessary or desirable in the operation of our business; 

changes
 in our business strategy, capital improvements, or development plans; 

the
 Company s ability to devise and implement effective internal controls and procedures; 

the
 availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development; 

global
 or national health concerns, including the outbreak of epidemic or contagious diseases such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; and 

other
 risks identified in this Report and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. 

This
Report should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect.
The forward-looking statements included in this Report are made as of the date of this Report and should be evaluated with consideration
of any changes occurring after the date of this Report. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change
in the future and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General

Greenland
Technologies Holding Corporation (the Company or Greenland was incorporated on December 28, 2017 as
a British Virgin Islands company with limited liability. The Company was incorporated as a blank check company for the purpose of effecting
a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more target businesses. Following the Business Combination (as described and defined below) in October 2019, the Company
changed its name from Greenland Acquisition Corporation to Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation. 

Greenland
serves as the parent company of Zhongchai Holding (Hong Kong) Limited, a holding company formed under the laws of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region Hong Kong on April 23, 2009 Zhongchai Holding ). Zhongchai Holding s subsidiaries
include Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co. Ltd., an operating company formed under the laws of the PRC in 2005, Hangzhou Greenland Energy
Technologies Co., Ltd. Hangzhou Greenland ), an operating company formed under the laws of the PRC in 2019, Shanghai Hengyu
Business Management Consulting Co., Ltd., a company formed under the laws of the PRC in 2005 Shanghai Hengyu ), and Hengyu
Capital Limited, a company formed in Hong Kong on August 16, 2022 Hengyu Capital ). Through Zhongchai Holding and its subsidiaries,
Greenland develops and manufactures traditional transmission products for material handling machineries in the People s Republic
of China (the PRC or China ). 

HEVI
Corp. HEVI ), formerly known as Greenland Technologies Corp. prior to May 2022, was incorporated on January 14, 2020 under
the laws of the State of Delaware. HEVI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Greenland and promotes sales of sustainable alternative products
for the heavy industrial equipment industry, including electric industrial vehicles, in the North American market. 

Through
its PRC subsidiaries, Greenland offers transmission products, which are key components for forklift trucks used in manufacturing and
logistic applications, such as factories, workshops, warehouses, fulfilment centers, shipyards, and seaports. Forklifts play an
important role in the logistic systems of many companies across different industries in China and globally. Generally, industries
with the largest demand for forklifts include the transportation, warehousing logistics, electrical machinery, and automobile
industries. Greenland s revenue decreased from approximately 98.84 million in the fiscal year 2021 to 90.83 million in the
fiscal year 2022. The decrease in revenue was primarily the result of a decrease in the Company s sales volume resulting from
COVID-19 related lockdowns in China for the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on our revenues in the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we believe that Greenland is one of the major developers and manufacturers of transmission products for small and
medium-sized forklift trucks in China. 

Greenland s
transmission products are used in 1-ton to 15-tons forklift trucks, some with mechanical shift and some with automatic shift. Greenland
sells these transmission products directly to forklift-truck manufacturers. In the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Greenland
sold an aggregate of 129,686 and 141,431 sets of transmission products, respectively, to more than 100 forklift manufacturers in the
PRC. 

Utilizing
Greenland s expertise in manufacturing and R D, HEVI exists to create clean and sustainable products and services in the heavy
industrial equipment industry that help organizations pursue a carbon neutral operation. HEVI designs, develops, and manufactures electric
heavy industrial equipment and accessories and sells them directly to the end consumers in various markets in the United States. HEVI s
product line available for purchase includes the GEL-5000 all-electric lithium 5.0-ton rated load wheeled front loader, GEL-1800 all-electric
lithium 1.8-ton rated load wheeled front loader, the GEX-8000 all-electric lithium 8.0-ton rated load excavator, and the GEF-series of
electric lithium forklifts. In August 2022, HEVI launched a 54,000 square foot industrial electric vehicle assembly site in Baltimore,
Maryland to support local assembly, services and distribution of its product line. 

Significant
Activities since Inception 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
July 27, 2018, we consummated our initial public offering of 4,400,000 units, including a partial exercise by the underwriters of their
over-allotment option in the amount of 400,000 units. Each unit consists of one ordinary share, no par value, one warrant to purchase
one-half of one ordinary share and one right to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the consummation of our initial business
combination, pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1. Warrants must be exercised in multiples of two warrants, and each two
warrants are exercisable for one ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The units were sold in our initial public offering
at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, which generated 44,000,000 (before underwriting discounts and offering expenses) in gross proceeds. 

1 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of our initial public offering, we completed a private placement of 282,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit
to Greenland Asset Management Corporation (the Sponsor and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC Chardan ), which
generated 2,820,000 in gross proceeds. We also sold to Chardan (and its designees), for 100, an option to purchase up to 240,000 units
exercisable at 11.50 per unit (or an aggregate exercise price of 2,760,000) commencing on consummation of the Business Combination
(as defined below). The unit purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and expires
on July 24, 2023. On February 18, 2021, Chardan exercised its option to purchase 120,000 units. As of the date of this Report, 120,000
units remain exercisable under the option. 

Business
Combination 

On
October 24, 2019, we consummated our business combination with Zhongchai Holding (the Business Combination after a special
meeting, where the shareholders of Greenland considered and approved, among other matters, a proposal to adopt a share exchange agreement
(the Share Exchange Agreement ), dated as of July 12, 2019, among (i) Greenland, (ii) Zhongchai Holding, (iii) the Sponsor,
in the capacity as the purchaser representative (the Purchaser Representative ), and (iv) Cenntro Holding Limited, the sole
member of Zhongchai Holding (the Zhongchai Equity Holder or the Seller ). 

Pursuant
to the Share Exchange Agreement, Greenland acquired from the Seller all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Zhongchai Holding
in exchange for 7,500,000 newly issued ordinary shares, no par value of Greenland, to the Seller (the Exchange Shares ).
As a result, the Seller became the controlling shareholder of Greenland, and Zhongchai Holding became a directly and wholly owned subsidiary
of Greenland. The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse merger effected by the Share Exchange Agreement, where Zhongchai
Holding is considered the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes. 

The
Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization (the Recapitalization Transaction in accordance with
Accounting Standard Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations. For accounting and financial reporting purposes, Zhongchai
Holding is considered the acquirer based on the following facts and circumstances: 

Zhongchai
 Holding s operations comprise the ongoing operations of the combined entity 

The
 officers of the newly combined company consist of Zhongchai Holding s executives, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief
 Financial Officer, and General Counsel; and 

The
 former shareholders of Zhongchai Holding own a majority voting interests in the combined entity. 

As
a result of Zhongchai Holding being the accounting acquirer, the financial reports filed with the SEC by the Company subsequent to the
Business Combination are prepared as if Zhongchai Holding is the predecessor and legal successor to the Company. The historical
operations of Zhongchai Holding are deemed to be those of the Company. Thus, the financial statements included in this Report reflect
(i) the historical operating results of Zhongchai Holding prior to the Business Combination (ii) the combined results of Zhongchai
Holding and Greenland following the Business Combination in October 2019 (iii) the assets and liabilities of Zhongchai Holding
at their historical cost, and (iv) Greenland s equity structure for all periods presented. Zhongchai Holding received 7,500,000
shares of Greenland in exchange for all the share capital, which is reflected retroactively to December 31, 2017 and will be utilized
for calculating earnings per share in all prior periods. No step-up basis of intangible assets or goodwill was recorded in the Business
Combination transaction, which is consistent with the treatment of the transaction as a reverse recapitalization of Zhongchai Holding. 

Incorporation
of HEVI Corp. 

On
January 14, 2020, HEVI Corp., formerly known as Greenland Technologies Corp. prior to May 2022, was incorporated under the laws of the
state of Delaware. HEVI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and promotes sales of sustainable alternative products for the heavy
industrial equipment industry, including electric industrial vehicles, in the North American market. 

June
2021 Public Offering 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Aegis Capital Corp., pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell
to Aegis Capital Corp. in a firm commitment public offering 857,884 ordinary shares of the Company, for an offering price of 8.16 per
share. The Company received 7.0 million in gross proceeds from this offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and other related
offering expenses. 

At-the-market
Offering Agreement 

On
November 19, 2021, the Company entered into an at the market offering agreement with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC, to create at an
the market equity program pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, through or to H.C. Wainwright Co.,
LLC, the Company s ordinary shares, no par value per share, having an aggregate gross offering price of up to 7.72 million. As
of the date of this Report, no ordinary shares of the Company have been sold under the at the market offering agreement. 

2 

July
2022 Registered Direct Offering 

On
July 25, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an investor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue
and sell 1,250,000 ordinary shares and 398,974 pre-funded warrants (the RD pre-funded warrants ), with each RD pre-funded
warrant exercisable for one ordinary share of the Company, for an offering price of 4.17 per share and 4.169 per RD pre-funded warrant.
The Company received 6.88 million in gross proceeds from that registered direct offering, before deducting placement agent fees and
other related offering expenses. 

July
2022 Private Placement 

On
July 25, 2022, the Company entered into another securities purchase agreement with an investor for a private placement offering of 616,026
pre-funded warrants and 4,530,000 common warrants. Each ordinary share and accompanying common warrants were sold together at a combined
offering price of 5.089 per unit, with an exercise price per pre-funded warrant of 0.001 per share. The Company received 3.14 million
in gross proceeds from that private placement, before deducting placement agent fees and other related offering expenses. 

Formation
of Hengyu Capital Limited 

On August 16, 2022, Hengyu Capital Limited was
formed in Hong Kong as a subsidiary of Zhongchai Holding (Hong Kong) Limited, which owns 62.5 equity interests in Hengyu Capital Limited.
The remaining 37.5 of the equity interests of Hengyu Capital Limited are owned by the chairman of our board of directors, Mr. Peter Zuguang
Wang. Hengyu Capital Limited does not have any business activities at this time and will be engaging in the business of investing. 

Corporate
Structure 

The
following diagram illustrates the current corporate structure of Greenland, including the jurisdiction of formation and ownership interest
of each of its subsidiaries. 

Greenland
was incorporated on December 28, 2017 as a British Virgin Islands company with limited liability. As a result of the consummation
of the Business Combination, Greenland serves as the parent company for Zhongchai Holding. 

3 

Zhongchai
Holding was incorporated in Hong Kong on April 23, 2009. From April 23, 2009 to November 1, 2011, Zhongchai Holding was
a subsidiary of Equicap, Inc., a Nevada corporation, with its stock quoted on the OTC Markets until July 29, 2011. 

HEVI
was incorporated in the state of Delaware on January 14, 2020 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Greenland. HEVI promotes sales of sustainable
alternative products for the heavy industrial equipment industry, including electric industrial vehicles, in the North American market. 

Zhejiang
Zhongchai, a 71.58 owned subsidiary of Zhongchai Holding, was formed in the PRC on November 21, 2005 and engages in the business
of designing, manufacturing, and selling transmission products mainly for forklift trucks. 20.0 of the equity interests in Zhejiang
Zhongchai is held by Xinchang County Jiuhe Enterprise Management (Limited Partnership), representing the collective equity interests
of Zhejiang Zhongchai owned by its employees. The remaining 10.53 of Zhejiang Zhongchai s capital stock is owned by Xinchang County
Jiuxin Investment Management Partnership (LP) Jiuxin ), an entity owned by Mengxing He, director and general manager of
Zhejiang Zhongchai. 

Hangzhou
Greenland, formerly known as Hangzhou Greenland Robotic Co., Ltd. prior to November 6, 2020 Hangzhou Greenland ), a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Zhongchai Holding, was formed in the PRC on August 9, 2019 and engages in the business of research and development of electric
engineering vehicles, including electric forklifts, electric loading vehicles, electric digging vehicles, and other products. Hangzhou
Greenland is also committed to product supply chain integration and overseas sales. 

Shanghai
Hengyu, a 62.5 owned subsidiary of Zhongchai Holding, was formed in PRC on September 10, 2005 and holds no assets other than
an account receivable owed by Cenntro Holding Limited, the sole member of Zhongchai Holding prior to the closing of the Business Combination.
The remaining 37.5 of Shanghai Hengyu s capital stock is beneficially owned by Peter Zuguang Wang, the chairman of our board of
directors. 

Hengyu Capital Limited, a 62.5 owned subsidiary
of Zhognchai Holding, was formed in Hong Kong on August 16, 2022. Hengyu Capital Limited does not have any business activities at this
time and will be engaging in the business of investing. The remaining 37.5 of the capital stock of Hengyu Capital Limited is owned by
Peter Zuguang Wang, the chairman of our board of directors. 

Products 

Greenland
provides transmission systems and integrated powertrains for material handling machineries, particularly for electric forklift trucks.
In order to expand and diversify existing product offerings, Greenland recently entered into the electric industry vehicles market, by
designing and developing electric industry vehicles. 

Transmission
products for material handling machineries 

4 

Transmission
Systems. For 15 years, Greenland, along with its subsidiaries, specializes in designing, developing, and manufacturing a wide range
of transmission systems for material handling machineries, in particular forklift trucks. The range of the transmission systems covers
machineries from one ton to fifteen tons. Most transmission systems contain auto transmission features. This feature allows for easy
machine operations. In addition, Greenland provides transmission system for internal combustion powered machineries as well as for electrical
powered machineries. Greenland has recently experienced an increasing demand for electric powered transmission systems. These transmission
systems are key components for material handling machinery assembly. To meet this increasing demand, Greenland is able to providing these
transmission systems to major forklift truck original equipment manufacturers OEMs as well as certain global branded
manufacturers. 

Integrated
Powertrain. Through its PRC subsidiaries, Greenland designs and develops new and distinctive powertrains, which integrates electric
motor, speed reduction gearbox, and driving axles into a combined integral module, in order to meet a growing demand for advanced electric
forklift trucks. This integrated powertrain will enable the OEMs to significantly shorten design cycle, improve machinery efficiency,
and simplify manufacturing process. There is a new trend that OEMs would rather use an integrated powertrain than separate electric motor,
speed reduction gearbox, and driving axles, particularly in electric forklift trucks. Currently, Greenland makes two tons to three and
a half-tons integrated powertrains for few electric forklift truck OEMs. Greenland is in the process of adding more integrated powertrain
products for electric forklift truck OEMs with different sizes. 

Electric
Industrial Heavy Equipment 

GEL-5000
Electric Wheel Loader 

Offering
all-electric clean and sustainable alternatives to traditional heavy-emission systems in the industrial heavy equipment industry, HEVI
sells equipment that produce no operating emissions and reduced noise pollution while offering the strength and power for many applications.
Assembled in Maryland, HEVI s first product line includes the GEL-5000 and GEL-1800 electric wheeled front loader, the GEX-8000
electric excavator and the GEF-series of electric lithium forklifts. 

5 

GEL-5000 

The
GEL-5000 is a 39,683 lb lithium powered all-electric wheeled front loader capable of supporting a 5.0-ton rated load. Its 282 kWh 620V
lithium battery sourced from Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited CATL produces the power to support eight hours
of operation time and can be charged in as little as two hours. 

GEL-1800 

The
GEL-1800 is a 11,464 lb lithium powered all-electric wheeled front loader capable of supporting a 1.8-ton rated load. Its 141 kWh 620V
CATL-sourced lithium battery produces the power to support nine hours of operation time and can be charged in as little as one and a
half hours. 

GEX-8000 

The
GEX-8000 is a 18,739 lb lithium powered all-electric excavator capable of supporting a 8.0-ton rated load. Its 141 kWh 620V CATL-sourced
lithium battery produces the power to support nine hours of operation time and can be charged in as little as one and a half hours. 

The
GEL-5000, GEL-1800 and GEX-8000 come standard with advanced systems such as an intelligent system diagnostic display, quick-hitch attachment
system with a wide range of attachments and quality-of-life operation features that further add value to our customers. 

GEF-Series
Forklifts 

HEVI
offers the GEF-series of lithium powered electric forklifts that range in power from 1.5-ton to 3.5-ton rated load. 

Charging
Solutions 

HEVI
has developed a line of DC mobile charging solutions that are designed for easy, flexible and cost-effective charging integration to
support a DC-powered EV fleet at any powered work site. These solutions create a seamless adoption of our electric heavy equipment or
any compatible DC-powered EV into any existing fleet operation while creating another revenue stream for the HEVI business. 

Recent
Regulatory Developments 

We
and our PRC subsidiaries are subject to certain legal and operational risks associated with our PRC subsidiaries operations in
China. PRC laws and regulations governing our PRC subsidiaries current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain,
and, as a result, these risks may result in material changes in the operations of our PRC subsidiaries, significant depreciation of the
value of our ordinary shares, or a complete hindrance of our ability to offer or continue to offer our securities to investors. For instance,
except for fulfilling the filing procedure with the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, in connection with future offerings,
we believe that we and our PRC subsidiaries are currently not required to obtain any permission or approval from the CSRC
and the Cyberspace Administration of China, or the CAC, in the PRC to offer securities to foreign investors. However,
there is no guarantee that this will continue to be the case in the future in relation to a follow-on offering or the continued listing
of our securities on a U.S. securities exchange, or even in the event such permission or approval is required and obtained, it will not
be subsequently revoked or rescinded. In the event that such approval is required in the future and we and/or our PRC subsidiaries do
not receive or maintain such approval, our ordinary shares may significantly decline in value or become worthless, and our ability to
offer or continue to offer securities to investors may be significantly limited or completely hindered. 

In
addition, we and our PRC subsidiaries are subject to risks and uncertainties of the interpretations and applications of PRC laws and
regulations, including but not limited to, limitations on foreign ownership in the industry in which our PRC subsidiaries operate. We
and our PRC subsidiaries are also subject to the risks and uncertainties about any future actions of the PRC government. If any future
actions of the PRC government result in a material change in our operations, the value of our ordinary shares may depreciate significantly
or become worthless. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China Uncertainties with
respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us and our PRC subsidiaries. 

6 

Recently, the PRC government adopted a series
of regulatory actions and issued statements to regulate business operations in China, including cracking down on illegal activities in
the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable interest entity structure, adopting
new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. As of the date of this
Report, our Company and our PRC subsidiaries have not been involved in any investigations on cybersecurity review initiated by any PRC
regulatory authority, nor has any of them received any inquiry, notice or sanction. As of the date of this Report, we and our PRC
subsidiaries have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanctions from the CSRC or any other PRC governmental authorities regarding
the offering of our securities outside of the PRC. 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC published the Regulations
of Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Trial Measures and its accompanying guidelines and instructions, which came into effect on March 31, 2023, and will apply if a domestic enterprise issues
shares, depositary receipts, corporate bonds convertible into shares, or other securities of an equity nature outside of the PRC, or lists
its securities for trading outside of the PRC. According to such regulations, a domestic enterprise that issues and lists its securities
outside of the PRC shall comply with the filing procedures and report the relevant information to the CSRC. A domestic enterprise shall
not be listed on an overseas stock exchange if any of the following circumstances exists: (i) where such securities offering and listing
is explicitly prohibited by provisions in laws, administrative regulations and relevant state rules; (ii) where the intended securities
offering and listing may endanger national security as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council in accordance
with law; (iii) where the domestic company intending to make the securities offering and listing, or its controlling shareholders and
the actual controller, have committed crimes such as corruption, bribery, embezzlement, misappropriation of property or undermining the
order of the socialist market economy during the latest three years; (iv) where the domestic company intending to make the securities
offering and listing is suspected of committing crimes or major violations of laws and regulations, and is under investigation according
to law, and no conclusion has yet been made thereof; (v) where there are material ownership disputes over equity held by the domestic
company's controlling shareholder or by other shareholders that are controlled by the controlling shareholder and/or actual controller.
The Trial Measures changes the management of licensing to record management, strengthen the supervision in the aftermath, create a more
transparent and predictable institutional environment, and support the standardized development of enterprises using the overseas capital
market. As such, we will be required to complete filing procedures with CSRC in connection with our future offerings. Additionally, we
may be prohibited from continued listing if we fit into any of the five scenarios as discussed above. Furthermore, in the event that an
approval from Chinese authorities is required for our future offerings or continued listing on Nasdaq, if we and/or our PRC subsidiaries
do not receive or maintain required approvals, or we inadvertently conclude that such approvals are not required, or applicable laws,
regulations, or interpretations change such that we and/or our PRC subsidiaries are required to obtain approval in the future, we and/or
our PRC subsidiaries may be subject to an investigation by Chinese regulators, fines or penalties, or an order prohibiting us from conducting
an offering, and these risks could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the value of our ordinary shares, significantly
limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, or cause such securities to significantly
decline in value or become worthless. In addition since these statements and regulatory actions are newly published, and official
guidance and related implementation rules have not been issued, it is highly uncertain what the potential impact such modified or new
laws and regulations will have on our subsidiaries daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and our
ability to continue our listing on a U.S. exchange. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China Our
PRC subsidiaries may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by their customers and any failure to
comply with PRC laws and regulations over data security could result in materially adverse impact on our business, results of operations,
and our continued listing on Nasdaq. 

Although
we are not currently owned or controlled by a governmental entity in any foreign jurisdiction, the PRC government has exercised, and
continues to exercise, substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership,
including the steel sector where our PRC subsidiaries have been conducting their business. Any government decisions or actions to change
the steel production, or any decisions the government might make to cut spending, could adversely impact our PRC subsidiaries 
business and our results of operations. We believe that our PRC subsidiaries operations in China are in material compliance with
all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. However, the central or local governments of the jurisdictions in which our PRC subsidiaries
operate may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations with little advance notice that could require
additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our and our PRC subsidiaries compliance with such regulations or interpretations.
Furthermore, the PRC government authorities may continue to strengthen oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas
and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers like us. Such actions taken by the PRC government authorities may intervene or influence
the operations of our PRC subsidiaries at any time, which may be beyond our control. Therefore, any such action may adversely affect
the operations of our PRC subsidiaries and significantly limit or hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to you
and reduce the value of such securities or cause the value of such securities to be completely worthless. See Risk Factors Risks
Related to Doing Business in China The PRC government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which our PRC
subsidiaries must conduct their business activities. If the Chinese government significantly regulates the business operations of our
PRC subsidiaries in the future and our PRC subsidiaries are not able to substantially comply with such regulations, the business operations
of our PRC subsidiaries may be materially and adversely affected and the value of our ordinary shares may significantly decrease. 

Trading
in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCA Act, if Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully investigate our auditor, and
that as a result, an exchange may determine to delist our securities. The PCAOB has been able to inspect our auditor, WWC P.C., an independent
registered public accounting firm with its headquarters in San Mateo, California, and with its last inspection completed in November
2021. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China A recent joint statement by the
SEC and the PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the HFCA Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to
be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are
not inspected by the PCAOB. 

7 

Trading
in our securities may be prohibited under the HFCA Act if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully investigate our auditor,
and that as a result, an exchange may determine to delist our securities. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act and on December 29, 2022, a legislation entitled Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 
(the Consolidated Appropriations Act was signed into law by President Biden, which contained, among other things, an identical
provision to Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and amended the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act by requiring
the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections
for two consecutive years instead of three, thus reducing the time period before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted.
The PCAOB has been able to inspect our auditor, WWC P.C., an independent registered public accounting firm with its headquarters in San
Mateo, California, with its last inspection conducted in November 2021. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report to notify the
SEC of its determinations that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in
Mainland China and Hong Kong, respectively, and identifies the registered public accounting firms in Mainland China and Hong Kong that
are subject to such determinations. Our auditor is not subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. On
August 26, 2022, the CSRC, the Ministry of Finance (the MOF ), and the PCAOB signed the Protocol, governing inspections
and investigations of audit firms based in China and Hong Kong. The Protocol remains unpublished and is subject to further explanation
and implementation. Pursuant to the fact sheet with respect to the Protocol disclosed by the SEC, the PCAOB shall have independent discretion
to select any issuer audits for inspection or investigation and has the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC. On December
15, 2022, the PCAOB Board determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting
firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate its previous determinations to the contrary. However, should
PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future, the PCAOB Board will consider the need
to issue a new determination. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China A recent joint statement
by the SEC and the PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the HFCA Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria
to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are
not inspected by the PCAOB. 

Dividend
Policy and Cash Transfers 

We
intend to retain all of our available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. As such, we do
not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We are permitted under PRC laws and regulations to provide funding to
our PRC subsidiaries only through loans or capital contributions, and only if we satisfy the applicable government registration and approval
requirements. 

Our
PRC subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends only out of their retained earnings. However, each of our PRC subsidiaries is required
to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, after making up for previous year s accumulated losses, if any, to
fund certain statutory reserves, until the aggregate amount of such funds reaches 50 of registered capital. This portion of our PRC
subsidiaries respective net assets are prohibited from being distributed to their shareholders as dividends. However, none of
our PRC subsidiaries has made any dividends or distributions to our holding company or any U.S. investors as of the date of this Report.
See Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China We may rely on dividends paid by our
subsidiaries for our cash needs, and any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material adverse
effect on our ability to conduct business. 

In
addition, the PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance
of currency out of China. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy
our foreign currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders. See Risk Factors
 Risks Related to Doing Business in China Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability
to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

A
10 PRC withholding tax is applicable to dividends payable to investors that are non-resident enterprises. Any gain realized on the transfer
of ordinary shares by such investors is also subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 10 , which in case of dividends will be withheld
at source if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. See Risk Factors Risks Related
to Doing Business in China Under the PRC EIT Law, we may be classified as a Resident Enterprise of China.
Any classification as such will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. 

We
have adopted written cash management policies and procedures that dictate how funds are transferred within our organization. According
to such policies and procedures, each subsidiary of the Company may initiate a cash transfer request by timely filling out a fund application
form, which shall be signed by the financial principal and the principal of the subsidiary and then submitted to the financial department
of the Company for approval. After a cash transfer request is approved by the financial department, the relevant subsidiary may proceed
to initiate such transfer. Our Company distributed cash as loans to our subsidiaries. Several cash transfers have been made between our
Company and our subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, our Company had provided loans in the amount of 4,286,589 to Zhongchai Holding. 

8 

Competitive
Strengths 

Greenland
believes that it is in the right position and the right time to supply a new generation of industrial heavy equipment, including electric
industrial vehicles, that is green, safe, and cost-effective. The following is a summary of Greenland s competitive strengths. 

Favorable
Market Trends 

Greenland
believes that a number of key industry trends in the PRC will continue to benefit Greenland and its subsidiaries and continue to drive
its growth, including: 

increasingly
 stringent regulations over carbon emission, which urge market participants to adopt low or zero-emission material handling and construction
 equipment; 

increasing
 demand for a safer work environment and better healthy worker s condition will drive growth of electric material handling equipment
 or industry vehicle, which generates no exhausts and a low level of noise in operation; 

increasing
 labor cost, which accelerates labor substitution with machinery in material handling and logistic activities; 

strong
 competitiveness of U.S. branded products in the U.S., in which the next generation of electric industrial vehicles will be assembled
 and sold; 

increasing
 government support for improving efficiency in the PRC s logistics industry, which is a key market for material handling machinery
 such as forklifts and loaders; and 

increasing
 government support for logistic mechanization, including in the form of subsidies. 

As
a result of these favorable industry trends, Greenland believes that it is well-positioned to capitalize on the increasing market demand
for transmission products in the PRC as well as on the growing demand for emission-free and labor substitution by electric vehicles in
the United States. 

Well-Developed
Manufacturing Capabilities Leading to Higher Efficiency 

Greenland s
well-developed manufacturing process contributes to manufacturing efficiency and cost-effectiveness. Specifically, a combination of modern
operational and management systems, advanced manufacturing equipment, experienced manufacturing know-hows, skilled workforce, and
flexible manufacturing system allows Greenland to shorten the time to market for its new products. Moreover, the combination
allows Greenland to timely adjust its lines of products in anticipation of changes in market demands. 

Robust
Research and Product Development Capabilities 

Research
and product development capabilities have been critical to Greenland s historical growth and current market position. Greenland s
research and development team is comprised of more than 17 professionals, or over 5 of Greenland s employees. Greenland s
research and development facilities consist of a transmission technology center and an electric industry vehicle center. The transmission
technology center is accredited by the Zhejiang provincial government. The technology center is made up of a product development and
design department, a research center, three research departments that focuses on design, application, and manufacturing of internal combustion
engines, and a post-doctoral workstation certified by the PRC Ministry of Human Resource and Social Security. 

9 

Strategic
Service Network 

The
ability to provide timely after-sales services is critical in building and maintaining a loyal and solid customer base. We have
strategically established an after-sales service network in locations with developed economies. For example, the eastern provinces
of the PRC generally have significant demand for logistics services. Accordingly, Greenland, through its subsidiaries, has operated an
in-house service center and retained service providers that conduct businesses predominantly in these regions. Users of Greenland s
products are able to reach Greenland through a service line, through which Greenland is able to provide prompt on-site technical
services. 

Experienced
Management Team with Successful Track Records 

Greenland s
senior management team is comprised of individuals who have operational experience, market knowledge, international management skill,
and technical expertise. In addition, each member of the senior management team has a proven track record in building and turning companies
into successful enterprises. 

Peter
 Zuguang Wang has served as the sole director of Zhongchai Holding since April 2009 and the chairman of the board of directors
 of Zhejiang Zhongchai since September 2017. He has over 30 years of experience in technology and management, along with a unique
 background in research and development, operation, finance and management. Mr. Wang is the chief executive officer of Cenntro
 Electric Group Limited (Nasdaq: CENN) and the co-founder of Unitech Telecom (now a part of UTStarcom, Nasdaq: UTSI). 

Raymond
 Z. Wang has served as our chief executive officer since October 2019, the chief executive officer of Zhongchai Holding since
 April 2019, and the chief executive officer of HEVI Corp since January 2020. Mr. Wang has more than twenty years of management and
 corporate governance experience and has served as president and vice president for two international companies and chairman of the
 board for a non-profit organization. 

Jing
 Jin has served as our chief financial officer since October 2019. Mr. Jin is a Certified Public Account and has over 10 years
 of experience in accounting, budgeting, and financial planning across operations in the PRC and overseas. Prior to August 2019, Mr.
 Jin has also served as the chief financial officer of Tantech Holdings Ltd. (Nasdaq: TANH). 

Customers 

Greenland,
through its subsidiaries, sells most of its transmission products in the PRC and electric industrial heavy equipment in the U.S. Its
customer bases are primarily in the businesses of material handling equipment and forklift trucks. Greenland believes that its customers
include some of the leading manufacturers in their respective market segments. Greenland also supplies to the PRC subsidiaries of a number
of blue-chip international brands based in Europe and Asia. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, Greenland s five largest customers contributed 50.85 and 54.06 , respectively, of its total revenues. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, Greenland s single largest customer, Hangcha Group, accounted for 17.14 and 18.47 , respectively, of
Greenland s total revenue, and Greenland s second largest customer, Longgong Forklift Truck, accounted for 14.14 and 14.94 ,
respectively, of Greenland s total revenue. 

Suppliers 

Greenland
purchases its raw materials from various suppliers for use in the manufacture of its products. 

The
key raw materials used to manufacture its products are processed metal-based parts and components, including iron castings and gears,
which are purchased from our domestic suppliers in the PRC. Most of our suppliers are located within close proximity to our manufacturing
facilities, which reduces our transportation and inventory costs. 

The
prices for iron and steel and other raw materials have historically fluctuated significantly in the PRC, which in turn has affected the
Company s business and operation results. Greenland closely monitors changes in raw material prices and seeks to adjust its inventory
of raw materials during inflation periods. In addition, Greenland seeks to minimize the impact of fluctuations in raw material prices
by adopting bidding processes in its raw material procurement process Greenland also seeks to price its products to reflect the expected
fluctuations in raw material prices to the extent possible. However, there can be no assurance that Greenland could precisely estimate
any increase in raw material price or pass on such increase to its customers. 

10 

HEVI
purchases components, electronics, battery systems and metal-based parts for use in the assembly of its electric industrial heavy equipment
from various suppliers based in the PRC. These items are transported to the United States for assembly of the final products. 

HEVI
seeks to price its products to reflect expected increases in the component prices and transportation costs to the extent possible. However,
there can be no assurance that HEVI could precisely estimate any increase in components or pass on such increase to its customers. 

Production 

Greenland s
transmission products are comprised of a number of major parts and components, including gearbox housing, gears, bearings, oil pumps,
gear shafts, hydraulics, electric forklifts, wheeled excavators, and electrical components. The gearbox housing and gears parts are processed
in-house at its manufacturing facility in Xinchang County, Zhejiang Province, the PRC. Components of such products, in general, are sourced,
from third parties, assembled, and integrated to form finished products. The finished products then undergo further adjustments, fine
tunings, testing, and quality inspections. At the end of the inspection process and prior to shipment to our warehouses for storage and
distribution, the finished products are coated and painted. 

Greenland s
electric industrial heavy equipment is manufactured and assembled in its 54,000 square foot industrial electric vehicle assembly site
in Baltimore, Maryland. 

Inventory
and Warehousing 

Greenland
undertakes inventory control in order to reduce the risks of under and over-stocking. On average, Greenland typically maintains a 30
days stock piles for production needs. It generally increases its inventories toward the end of the year in order to meet any production
demand, in anticipation of any demands increase, from the second quarter of the following year. Furthermore, Greenland maintains higher
inventories at year-end because Chinese New Year typically falls in January or February, which affects production and transportation
of raw materials. Greenland has installed an enterprise resource planning ERP system, which provides real-time information
about purchases, production schedules, and supplies of the raw materials. The ERP system has substantially improved Greenland s
inventory controls, providing the Company with quick access to various data and easy formulation of operating models, and allowing the
Company to keep its inventory at an appropriable level to facilitate the manufacturing process. 

Research
and Development 

Greenland s
research and development team selects research or development projects or both and draws up preliminary project proposals based on various
factors, such as industry and market trends, customer feedback, and input from other departments (i.e. finance and manufacturing departments). 

Greenland s
management, including the heads and lead managers of various internal departments, such as sales and marketing and finance departments,
as well as its chief executive officer and chief technology officer, reviews the preliminary project proposals and its research and development
team formulates a final plan for each approved project after considering suggestions and comments by its management. The final plans
will include detailed schedules and budgets for the projects. Greenland s finance department monitors budget overruns. Any increase
in the original budget must be reviewed and approved by management before the relevant project can continue. 

Greenland
has also focused on research and development with respect to its electric industrial equipment and related products. Greenland s
electric industrial heavy equipment products currently include GEF-series electric forklifts, a series of lithium powered forklifts with
three models ranging in size from 1.8 tons to 3.5 tons, and GEL-1800, a 1.8 ton rated load lithium powered electric wheeled front loader
and GEX-8000, an all-electric 8.0 ton rated load lithium powered wheeled excavator. These products have become available for purchase
in the U.S. market. 

Greenland,
through HEVI, continues to focus its research and development efforts on its next generation of electric industrial heavy equipment along
with supporting products such as mobile charging units and attachments that will increase the value of its portfolio. 

11 

Trademarks
and Other Intellectual Property 

Greenland
relies on a combination of trademark, copyright, patent, software registration, and trade secret laws to protect its intellectual property
rights. Despite these precautions, it may be possible for third parties to infringe our Company s intellectual property rights. 

Patents 

As
of December 31, 2022, Greenland held 104 registered patents with the PRC National Intellectual Property Administration CNIPA ),
91 of which are utility patents and 13 of which are invention patents. These patents relate to the manufacturing of products. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Greenland had been granted two trademarks registered with the CNIPA. 

Greenland s
intellectual property also includes technical data such as test results and operating data from projects, drawings, designs, and machinery
and manufacturing techniques it developed in-house. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Greenland
sells its products in PRC through its sales and marketing teams. To promote Greenland s brand, sales employees also attend trade
shows and exhibitions to showcase our products. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Greenland s sales and marketing team consisted of 16 employees. Members of its sales and marketing teams
have extensive experience and knowledge in the material handling equipment sector of the manufacturing industry. They are primarily responsible
for identifying business opportunities, promoting products, collecting customer feedbacks and market information, bidding for or negotiating
orders, and collecting payments. 

Competition 

Transmission
Industry 

The
transmission industry is fragmented and highly competitive in the PRC. Under the current market trend, domestically produced transmissions
account for the largest share of the PRC market. International brand manufacturers equipped with better technology and capital resources
are also aiming to expand into the PRC. As a result, it is expected that the PRC transmission market will become more competitive. 

The
typical competitive criteria are quality, price, technology, after-sales service, product offering, and performance record. The
transmissions market is capital intensive. In addition, the manufacturing process requires technical expertise and significant research
and development budgets. As a result, companies entering the market must have significant financial and technical resources. Moreover,
the time and cost required to establish a proven track record, necessary for general market acceptance, are substantial. An extensive
after-sales service network is essential for a company to gain general market acceptance. 

Greenland
believes that it is able to compete based on its market position, strong research and development capabilities, high quality products,
integrated service systems, and strong relationships with its customers. 

Our
key competitors are Shaoxing Advance Gearbox Co., Ltd., Changsha Zhongchuan Transmission Machinery Co. Ltd., and Ganzhou Wuhuan Machine
Co., Ltd. 

12 

Electric
Industrial Heavy Equipment Industry 

Greenland
entered the electric industrial heavy equipment industry in January 2020. With our strategic supply chain partners, we have leveraged
our robust research and development capabilities, as well as our industry and market experience to develop a new product line of electric
industrial heavy equipment. Greenland s electric industrial heavy equipment products currently include GEF-series electric forklifts,
a series of lithium powered forklifts with three models ranging in size from 1.8 tons to 3.5 tons, GEL-1800, a 1.8 ton rated load lithium
powered electric wheeled front loader and GEX-8000, an all-electric 8.0 ton rated load lithium powered wheeled excavator. These products
have become available for purchase in the U.S. market. In August 2022, HEVL launched a 54,000 square foot industrial electric vehicle
assembly site in Baltimore, Maryland to support local services, assembly and distribution of its electric industrial heavy equipment
product line. 

Fast Growing Market . The global construction
equipment market is anticipated to grow at a compound annual growth rate CAGR of 3.9 from 2020 to 2025, reaching US 205
billion, according to a November 2020 report published by MarketsandMarkets. The North American market is projected to exhibit one of
the fastest growth rates during the forecast period. Consequently, we believe this growth will increase with the introduction of the United
State infrastructure overhaul program. Should the program be implemented, then it will be a powerful driver of growth in the engineering
and construction industry that will proliferate the demand for industrial equipment. 

Call
for Carbon Emission Reduction. Global efforts to reduce greenhouse gas and carbon emissions continue to grow with proposals such
as the current U.S. administration seeking a target of net zero emission by 2050. These strategies will result in government and public
support for the adoption of emission zero technologies and equipment across industries thus boosting the demand for eco-friendly electric
powered industrial heavy equipment. As such, we expect that the demand for electric industrial heavy equipment will increase rapidly. 

Highly
Fragmented and Emerging Market . The electric industrial heavy equipment market is highly fragmented with few, if any, dominant local
market participants. Although a few conventional industrial heavy equipment and construction equipment makers are in the process of electric
products development, a majority are years away from product deployment. This is to avoid cannibalization with the mature fossil fuel-powered
equipment product lines which results in the lack of incentive to launch the full-electric industrial heavy equipment at the near term.
As a result, with the early mover advantage together with Greenland s strong research and development capability, we believe that
Greenland is well-positioned to secure a meaningful role in the electric industrial heavy equipment market. 

High
Technology Barriers for New Entrants . To compete in the electric industrial heavy equipment market, enterprises need a high-level of
core technologies and capabilities in order to successfully develop a commercial product. The investment and expertise required create
a high barrier of entry for new market players. Greenland s success in the material handling industry and its achievements in research
and development milestones gives Greenland the opportunity and the competitive edge to successfully compete in the industrial heavy equipment
market. 

Distribution
Barriers for Market Leaders. Traditional OEMs in the industrial heavy equipment industry sell through established dealership models
which have been proven to be difficult to adapt to electric alternatives. These dealerships rely heavily on service/maintenance revenue.
As electric products require over 40 less of maintenance costs, it is challenging for OEMs to motivate their dealers to promote and
service the new technology. Without a dealer network to cater to, we believe Greenland is well-positioned to establish a meaningful role
in the electric industrial heavy equipment market. 

Our
key competitors in the industrial heavy equipment industry are the traditional diesel-powered industrial heavy equipment manufacturers
such as Caterpillar, Volvo CE and John Deere. 

13 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, the total number of full-time employees employed at Greenland and its subsidiaries was 330, with 319
employees located in the PRC and 11 employees located in the U.S. The following table sets forth the number of its full-time employees
by the function as of December 31, 2022: 

Function 
 
 Number 

Management 

6 

Administration 

9 

Production 

273 

Research
 and development 

17 

Sales
 and marketing 

16 

Other 

9 

Total 

330 

Greenland
maintains mandatory social security insurance for its employees pursuant to Chinese laws. Furthermore, it contributes mandatory social
security funds for employees with respect to retirement, medical, work-related injury, maternity, and unemployment benefits. Greenland
has also included retirement plans for its employees in the U.S., including social security and pension along with medical, vision, dental,
workers compensation, work-related injury and maternity benefits. 

Greenland
believes that its success and continued growth depend on its ability to attract, retain, and motivate qualified employees. Greenland
offers its employees competitive salaries, comprehensive training, and other fringe benefits and incentives. None of our employees are
represented by labor unions, and no collective bargaining agreement has been put in place. Greenland has not had any labor strikes or
other labor disturbances that have materially interfaced with its operations, and it believes that it has maintained a good work relationship
with its employees. 

Regulations 

PRC
Law and Regulation 

Policy
Relating to the Foreign Invested General Equipment Manufacturing Industry 

The
PRC implements its guidance on foreign investment in different industries through the Catalogue for the Guidance of Foreign Investment
Industries and the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for Foreign Investment Access jointly amended and promulgated by the
National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Commerce from time to time. According to the Catalogue of Encouraged Industries
for Foreign Investment (Edition 2022) and the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for Foreign Investment Access (Edition
2021) currently in force, the business activities that we engage in are not classified as prohibited or restricted 
foreign invested industries. 

Law
and Regulation Relating to Product Quality 

Pursuant
to the Product Quality Law of the PRC which was promulgated on February 22, 1993 and amended on December 29, 2018, it is prohibited
to produce or sell products that do not meet the standards or requirement for safeguarding human health and ensuring human and property
safety. 

Where
a defective product causes physical injury to a person or damage to property, the aggrieved party may claim compensation against the
producer or the seller of such product. Where the responsibility for product defects lies with the producer, the seller shall, after
settling compensation, have the right to recover such compensation from the producer, and vice versa. Violations of the Product Quality
Law may result in the imposition of fines. In addition, the seller or the producer may be ordered to suspend operation and its business
license may be revoked. Criminal liability may be incurred in serious cases. 

Law
and Regulation Relating to Production Safety 

Pursuant
to the Production Safety Law of the PRC (the Production Safety Law promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National
People s Congress on June 29, 2002, last amended on June 10, 2021 and effective on September 1, 2021, enterprises and institutions
shall be equipped with the conditions for safe production as provided in the Production Safety Law and other relevant laws, administrative
regulations, national standards and industrial standards. Any entity that is not equipped with such conditions is not allowed to engage
in production and business operation activities. 

14 

The
law also requires manufacturers to offer education and training programs to their employees regarding production safety and to hire qualified
employees who have completed special trainings to engage in specialized operations. Manufacturers are required to provide protection
equipment that meets the national or industry standards to employees and to supervise and educate them regarding the use of such equipment.
In addition, the design, manufacture, installation, use, inspection and maintenance of safety equipment are required to conform to applicable
national or industry standards. Furthermore, emergency measures shall be established by an enterprise to prepare for the occurrence of
any accidents threatening safe production. 

Law
and Regulation Relating to Environmental Protection 

The
laws and regulations governing the environmental requirements for all units that cause environmental pollution and other public hazards
in the PRC include, but are not limited to, the Environmental Protection Law of the People s Republic of China, the Environmental
Impact Assessment Law of the People s Republic of China, and the Administrative Regulations on Environmental Protection for Construction
Projects. Pursuant to these laws and regulations, depending on the impacts on the environment caused by the project, environmental impact
assessment documents shall be submitted by a developer for approval or record at the required time. In addition, a construction project
for which an environment impact report or environment impact statement is formulated shall be put into production or use only when its
complementary environmental protection facilities pass acceptance inspection. 

Law
and Regulation Relating to Labor Protection 

Pursuant to the Labor Law of the PRC and the Labor
Contract Law of the PRC which came into effect on January 1, 1995 (amended on December 29, 2018) and January 1, 2008 (amended
on December 28, 2012), respectively, labor contracts shall be concluded if labor relationships are to be established between the
employer and the employees. 

Pursuant
to the Social Insurance Law of the PRC which was promulgated on October 28, 2010 and last amended on December 29, 2018, employees
shall participate in basic pension insurance, basic medical insurance and unemployment insurance. Basic pension, medical and unemployment
insurance contributions shall be paid by both employers and employees. Employees shall also participate in work-related injury insurance
and maternity insurance. Work-related injury insurance and maternity insurance contributions shall be paid by employers rather than
employees. An employer shall make registration with the local social insurance agency in accordance with the provisions of the Social
Insurance Law of PRC. Moreover, an employer shall declare and make social insurance contributions in full and on time. Pursuant to the
Regulations on Management of Housing Provident Fund which was promulgated on April 3, 1999 and amended on March 24, 2019, employers
shall undertake registration at the competent administrative center of housing provident fund and then, undergo the procedures of opening
the account of housing provident fund for their employees. Enterprises are also obliged to timely pay and deposit housing provident fund
for their employees in full amount. 

Law
and Regulation Relating to Tax 

Enterprise
Income Tax 

On
March 16, 2007 and December 6, 2007 respectively, the National People s Congress of China and the State Council of the
PRC (the State Council enacted the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC and the Implementation Regulations of Enterprise
Income Tax Law of the PRC (collectively the PRC EIT Law ), both of which became effective on January 1, 2008 (amended
successively from 2017 to 2019). The PRC EIT Law imposes a uniform enterprise income tax rate of 25 on all residence enterprises, including
foreign-invested enterprises, and terminates most of the tax exemptions, reductions and preferential treatments available under
previous tax laws and regulations. 

However,
the PRC EIT Law and its implementation rules permit certain high-technology enterprises strongly supported by the state 
which hold independent ownership of core intellectual property and simultaneously meet a list of other criteria, financial or non-financial,
as stipulated in the Implementation Rules, to enjoy a 15 enterprise income tax rate subject to certain new qualification criteria. The
State Administration of Taxation (the SAT ), the PRC Ministry of Science and Technology and the MOF jointly issued the Administrative
Rules for the Certification of High and New Technology Enterprise delineating the specific criteria and procedures for high and
new technology enterprises certification. 

15 

Regulations of Trial Administrative Measures
of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC published the Trial
Measures and its accompanying guidelines and instructions, which came into effect on March 31, 2023, and will apply if a domestic enterprise
issues shares, depositary receipts, corporate bonds convertible into shares, or other securities of an equity nature outside of the PRC,
or lists its securities for trading outside of the PRC. According to such regulations, a domestic enterprise that issues and lists its
securities outside of the PRC shall comply with the filing procedures and report the relevant information to the CSRC. Where a domestic
company fails to fulfill filing procedure, offers and lists securities in an overseas market in violation of the Trial Measures, or the
filing documents contain misrepresentation, misleading statement or material omission, the CSRC shall order rectification, issue warning
to such domestic company, and impose a fine. 

Under
the PRC EIT Law, enterprises are classified as either resident enterprises or non-resident enterprises. 
Pursuant to PRC EIT Law and its implementation rules, besides enterprises established within the PRC, enterprises established outside
PRC whose de facto management bodies are located in PRC are considered resident enterprises for PRC enterprise
income tax purposes and subject to the uniform 25 enterprise income tax rate for their global income. According to the implementation
rules of the PRC EIT Law, de facto management body refers to a managing body that exercises, in substance, overall management
and control over the manufacture and business, personnel, accounting and assets of an enterprise. 

Withholding
Tax 

The
PRC EIT Law removes the prior tax exemption and imposes a 10 withholding tax on dividends paid by foreign-invested enterprises
to foreign investors. However, for foreign investors whose home countries or regions have signed bilateral tax agreements with PRC, the
withholding tax rate may be reduced to as low as 5 depending on the terms of the applicable tax treaty. In accordance with the Arrangement
between Mainland PRC and Hong Kong for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income
signed on August 21, 2006, the 5 withholding tax rate applies to dividends paid by a PRC company to a Hong Kong tax resident, provided
that the recipient is a company that holds directly at least 25 of the interest of the PRC company, otherwise, the applicable withholding
tax rate should be 10 . Further, pursuant to the Notice on the Issues concerning the Application of the Dividend Clauses of Tax Agreements
issued by the SAT on February 20, 2009, the preferential tax rate under the relevant tax treaties shall only apply to a tax resident
from the other side that directly holds at least 25 of the interest of a PRC company for a period of consecutive 12 months prior
to receiving the dividends. 

Value
Added Tax 

The
Provisional Regulations of the PRC Concerning Value Added Tax (the VAT Regulations was promulgated on December 13,
1993 and amended by the State Council and became effect on November 19, 2017. Under the VAT Regulations and its implementation regulations,
value added tax, or the VAT, is imposed on the sales of goods and provision of processing, repair and replacement services within the
PRC and the importation of goods into the PRC. The VAT standard rates had been 17 for taxpayers who have VAT taxable sales activities
and 11 for taxpayers who imported goods until April 30, 2018, after which date the rates were reduced to 16 and 10 , respectively.
The VAT rates was further reduced to 13 and 9 , respectively, starting from April 1, 2019. 

Law
and Regulation Relating to Intellectual Property Rights 

Copyright
Law 

According
to the Copyright Law of the PRC, which was amended on November 11, 2020 and became effective on June 1, 2021, Chinese citizens, legal
entities or other organizations shall enjoy the copyright in their works, whether published or not, which include original intellectual
achievements in the fields of literature, art and science which can be expressed in a certain form. Copyright owners shall enjoy various
kinds of rights, including the right of publication, right of authorship and right of reproduction. 

Patent
Law 

Pursuant
to the Patent Law of the PRC which was amended on October 17, 2020 and became effective on June 1, 2021, the patent administration departments
of the State Council are responsible for the administration of patents across the nation. The patent administration departments of provincial,
autonomous region or municipal governments are responsible for administering patents within their respective jurisdictions. The PRC patent
system adopts a first come, first file principle, which means where more than one person files a patent application for
the same invention, a patent will be granted to the person who files the application first. To be patentable, invention or utility models
must meet three criteria: novelty, inventiveness and practicability. Invention patents are valid for 20 years, while utility model patents
are valid for 10 years and design patents are valid for 15 years, commencing from the date of application. The patentee shall pay annual
fees commencing from the year when the parent right is granted. If the patentee does not pay annual fees according to the requirements,
the patent will be terminated prior to its expiry. Other person must obtain consent or a proper license from the patent owner to use
the patent. Otherwise, the use constitutes an infringement of the patent rights. The infringer must, in accordance with the applicable
regulations, undertake to cease the infringement, take remedial action and/or pay damages. 

16 

Trademark
Law 

Pursuant
to the Trademark Law of the PRC which was amended on April 23, 2019 and became effective on November 1, 2019, the right to exclusive
use of a registered trademark shall be limited to trademarks which have been approved for registration and to commodities for which the
use of trademark has been approved. The period of validity of a registered trademark shall be 10 years, counted from the day the registration
is approved. If a trademark registrant wishes to use a trademark after the expiration of the duration of the trademark registration,
according to the requirements, a registration renewal application should be filed within 12 months prior to the expiration. Each registration
renewal is valid for 10 years. Using a trademark that is identical with a registered trademark on the same commodities without the licensing
of the registrant of the registered trademark; or using a trademark that is similar to a registered trademark on the same commodities,
or using a trademark that is identical with or similar to the registered trademark on similar commodities without the licensing of the
registrant of the registered trademark, which is likely to cause confusion; selling commodities that infringe upon the exclusive right
to use a registered trademark; forging, manufacturing a registered trademark which was registered by others without authorization, or
selling a registered trademark forged or manufactured without authorization; changing a registered trademark and putting the commodities
with the changed trademark into the market without the consent of the registrant of the registered trademark; providing, intentionally,
convenience for activities infringing upon others exclusive right to use a registered trademark, and facilitating others to commit
infringement on the exclusive right to use a registered trademark, constitutes an infringement of the exclusive right to use a registered
trademark. The infringer must undertake to cease the infringement, take remedial action and pay damages. The infringer also may be subject
to fines or even criminal punishment. 

Domain
Names 

The
domain names are protected under the Administrative Measures for Internet Domain Names promulgated by Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology, or the MIIT, on August 24, 2017, the effective date of which was November 1, 2017. MIIT is the major regulatory
body responsible for the administration of the PRC Internet domain names, under supervision of which PRC Internet Network Information
Center, or CNNIC, is responsible for the daily administration of CN domain names and Chinese domain names On June 18, 2019, CNNIC promulgated
the Implementing Rules for the Registration of National Top-level Domain Names, the Measures for the Resolution of Disputes over National
Top-level Domain Names and the Procedures for the Resolution of Disputes over National Top-level Domain Names in accordance with the
Administrative Measures for Internet Domain Names. Pursuant to such rules, the registration of domain names adopts the first to
file principle and the registrant shall complete the registration via the domain name registration service institutions. In the
event of a domain name dispute, the disputed parties may lodge a complaint to the designated domain name dispute resolution institution
to trigger the domain name dispute resolution procedure in accordance with the CNNIC Measures on Resolution of the Top-Level Domains
Disputes, file a suit to the People s Court or initiate an arbitration procedure. 

Law
and Regulation Relating to Foreign Currency Exchange 

The
principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in the PRC are the Foreign Exchange Administrative Regulations (the SAFE
Regulations which was promulgated by the State Council and last amended on August 5, 2008. Under the SAFE Regulations, the
RMB is generally freely convertible for current account items, including the distribution of dividends, trade and service related foreign
exchange transactions, but not for capital account items, such as direct investment, loan, repatriation of investment and investment
in securities outside the PRC, unless the prior approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange is obtained. 

17 

U.S.
Laws and Regulations 

Battery
Safety and Testing 

Our
battery packs of electric industrial heavy equipment will be subject to various U.S. regulations that govern transport of dangerous
goods, defined to include lithium batteries, which may present a risk in transportation. We expect to use lithium battery packs
in our electric industrial heavy equipment. The use, storage and disposal of our battery packs are regulated under existing laws and
are the subject of ongoing regulatory changes that may add additional requirements in the future. 

Product
Liability Law 

U.S.
state law generally imposes liability on all manufacturers and retailers (and parties in the supply chain) for injuries that result from
unsafe, defective and dangerous products sold to consumers. Product liability claims in the United States are typically based on three
theories of law: (1) strict liability, (2) negligence and (3) breach of warranty. In addition, as noted above, U.S. laws and regulations
can also obligate manufacturers and retailers (and parties in the supply chain) to remedy product defects, which can include safety recall
campaigns. 

Parties
involved in manufacturing, distributing or selling a product may be subject to liability for harm caused by a defect in that product.
There are three types of product defects, namely, design defects, manufacturing defects and defects in marketing. In a negligence claim,
a defendant may be held liable for personal injury or property damage caused by the failure to use due care. Strict liability claims,
however, do not depend on the degree of carefulness by the defendant. A defendant is liable when it is shown that an injury (personal
or to property) occurred as the result of a product s defect. Breach of warranty is also a form of strict liability in the sense
that a showing of fault is not required. The plaintiff need only establish the warranty was breached, regardless of how that came about.
Companies that manufacture, distribute or sell a product in a particular state may be subject to the jurisdiction of such state s
product liability laws, whether the company s jurisdiction of incorporation or principal place of business is in that state, in
another U.S. state or in a non-U.S. jurisdiction. 

Product
liability legal actions and recall campaigns in the United States Product Liability Matters could involve personal injury
and property damage and could involve claims for substantial monetary damages. The results of any future litigation and claims involving
product liability in the United States are inherently unpredictable. 

Employment
and Labor Law 

Private
businesses operating in the United States are subject to employment laws of the federal governments, state government, and, to a lesser
extent, local counties or municipalities. These laws govern many aspects of the workplace as set forth herein and failure to comply can
result in fines and penalties from relevant oversight agencies and liability to employees, which can include a multiple of actual damages,
counsel fees, and punitive damages for certain violations. 

Businesses
that operate in New Jersey must comply with governing federal laws and New Jersey State laws (together, US-NJ Employment
Laws ). The default rule in New Jersey is that, in the absence of a labor agreement or contract for employment for a specified
term, employment is terminable at will. Employers have a right to discharge an employee at any time, for any reason, or for no reason,
provided the termination is not for a reason prohibited by law. 

Broadly,
our obligation to comply with applicable US-NJ Employment Laws, includes laws and rules relating to: 

(i) 
 Wage
 and hour standards, such as paying required overtime for employees who do not meet exemption requirements and work in excess of 40
 hours in a week, paying minimum wage, and paying wages when due; 

(ii) 
 Providing
 leave and leave benefits to eligible employees, including requirements that unpaid family leave and unpaid leave for reasons including
 domestic violence or sexual assault shall be provided by covered employers; 

(iii) 
 Non-discrimination and
 anti-retaliation; 

(iv) 
 Providing
 reasonable accommodations to and engaging in the interactive process with employees with disabilities, religious needs, or other
 protected characteristics; 

18 

(v) 
 Ensuring
 employees are eligible to be employed in the United States; and 

(vi) 
 Occupational
 safety. 

Failure
to comply with the US-NJ Employment Laws may, in some instances, expose us to civil liability to employees or former employees for
compensatory damages, statutory damages, as well as punitive damages and counsel fees. We could also be subject to fines, penalties,
and assessments from various regulatory authorities. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

The
following is a summary of certain risks that should be carefully considered along with the other information contained or incorporated
by reference in this Report and the documents incorporated by reference, as updated by our subsequent filings under the Exchange Act.
If any of the following events actually occurs, our business, operating results, prospects, or financial condition could be materially
and adversely affected. The risks described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that
we currently deem immaterial may also significantly impair our business operations and could result in a complete loss of your investment. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

An
investment in our ordinary shares is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to our business and industry, risks related
to our corporate structure, risks related to doing business in China and risks related to our ordinary shares. You should carefully consider
all of the information in this Report before making an investment in the ordinary shares. The following list summarizes some, but not
all, of these risks. Please read the information in this section for a more thorough description of these and other risks. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

For more detailed discussions of the following
risks, see Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Industry on pages 22 through 28. 

Our
 subsidiaries business operations are cash intensive, and our subsidiaries business could be adversely affected if we
 fail to maintain sufficient levels of liquidity and working capital; 

We
 grant relatively long payment terms for accounts receivable which can adversely affect our cash flow; 

Our
 subsidiaries face short lead-times for delivery of products to customers. Failure to meet delivery deadlines could result in the
 loss of customers and damage to our reputation and goodwill; 

Our
 subsidiaries face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may not be able to maintain profitability; 

Our
 revenues are highly dependent on a limited number of customers and the loss of any one of our subsidiaries major customers
 could materially and adversely affect our growth and revenues; 

As
 our subsidiaries expand their operations, they may need to establish a more diverse supplier network for raw materials. The failure
 to secure a more diverse supplier network could have an adverse effect on our financial condition; 

To
 remain competitive, our subsidiaries are introducing new lines of business, including the production and sale of electric industrial
 heavy equipment. If our efforts are not successful, our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected; 

New
 lines of business, including the production and sale of electric industrial heavy equipment, may subject us to additional risks;

19 

Volatile
 steel prices can cause significant fluctuations in our operating results. Our revenues and operating income could decrease if steel
 prices increase or if our subsidiaries are unable to pass price increases on to their customers; and 

We
 are subject to various risks and uncertainties that may affect our subsidiaries ability to procure raw materials. 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in China 

For more detailed discussions of the following
risks, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China on pages 28 through 39. 

Changes
 in China s economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on our business
 and operations; 

Uncertainties
 arising from the legal system in China, including uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and the
 possibility that regulations and rules can change quickly with little advance notice, could hinder our ability to offer or continue
 to offer our securities, result in a material adverse change to our business operations, and damage our reputation, which could materially
 and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and cause our securities to significantly decline in value
 or become worthless. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China The PRC government exerts substantial
 influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. If the Chinese government significantly regulates the
 business operations of our PRC subsidiaries in the future and our PRC subsidiaries are not able to substantially comply with such
 regulations, our business operations may be materially adversely affected and the value of our ordinary shares may significantly
 decrease and Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China Uncertainties with respect to the PRC
 legal system could adversely affect us 

The Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers. Any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China The PRC government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. If the Chinese government significantly regulates the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries in the future and our PRC subsidiaries are not able to substantially comply with such regulations, our business operations may be materially adversely affected and the value of our ordinary shares may significantly decrease 

Our future offerings will need to be filed with the CSRC, along with
compliance with any other applicable PRC rules, policies and regulations, in connection with any future offering of our securities. Any
failure to filing, or delay in filing, or failure to complying with any other applicable PRC requirements for an offering, may subject
us to sanctions imposed by the relevant PRC regulatory authority. In addition, if applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change
such that we are required to obtain approval in the future and we fail to obtain such approvals, we may be subject to an investigation
by competent regulators, fines or penalties, or an order prohibiting us from conducting an offering, and these risks could result in a
material adverse change in our operations and the value of our ordinary shares, significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to
offer or continue to offer securities to investors, or cause such securities to significantly decline in value or become worthless. See
 Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China We are required under PRC laws to submit filings to CSRC for
our future offerings. However, we believe that we are not currently required to obtain the approval and/or comply with other requirements
of the CSRC, the CAC, or other PRC governmental authorities under PRC rules, regulations or policies in connection with our continued
listing on Nasdaq. . In the event that any such approval is required or that there are other requirements we are obligated to comply with,
we cannot predict whether or how soon we will be able to obtain such approvals and/or comply with such requirements. and Risk
Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China We may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information
provided by our customers and any failure to comply with PRC laws and regulations over data security could result in materially adverse
impact on our business, results of operations, and our continued listing on Nasdaq 

20 

We
 may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers and any failure to comply with
 PRC laws and regulations over data security could result in materially adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and
 our continued listing on Nasdaq; 

You
 may have difficulty enforcing judgments against us; 

Under
 the Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be classified as a Resident Enterprise of China. Such classification will likely
 result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders; 

PRC
 regulation of loans to, and direct investments in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using
 proceeds from our future financing activities to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries;

We
 may rely on dividends paid by our subsidiaries for our cash needs, and any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to make
 payments to us could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business; 

Governmental
 control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment; 

U.S.
 regulatory bodies may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in China; and 

Our
 securities may be delisted and prohibited from being traded under the HFCA Act if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditor in the
 future. Any future delisting and cessation of trading of our securities, or the threat of their being delisted and prohibited from
 being traded, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. Additionally, any inability of the PCAOB to conduct
 inspections of our auditor in the future would deprive our investors of the benefits of such inspections. See Risk Factors Risks
 Related to Doing Business in China A recent joint statement by the SEC and the PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq,
 and the HFCA Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the
 qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. 

Risks
Related to Our Ordinary Shares 

For more detailed discussions of the following
risks, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Ordinary Shares on pages 39 through 40. 

Future
 sales of our ordinary shares, whether by us or our shareholders, could cause the price of our ordinary shares to decline; 

21 

Because
 we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on the price appreciation of our ordinary shares for return
 on your investment; and 

Techniques
 employed by short sellers may drive down the market price of our ordinary shares. 

Risks
Related to our Business and Industry 

Our
subsidiaries business operations are cash intensive, and our subsidiaries business could be adversely affected if we fail
to maintain sufficient levels of liquidity and working capital. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 16.30 million of cash and cash equivalents. Historically, we have spent a significant amount
of cash on our operational activities, principally to procure raw materials for our subsidiaries products. Our short-term loans
are from Chinese banks and are generally secured by a portion of our fixed assets, land use rights and/or guarantees by related parties.
Certain of these loans are secured against a portion of the shares of our PRC subsidiaries. The term of a majority of such loans is one
year. Historically, we rolled over such loans on an annual basis. However, we may not have sufficient funds available to pay all of our
borrowings upon maturity in the future. Failure to roll over our short-term borrowings at maturity or to service our debt could result
in a transfer of the ownership of a portion of the shares of our PRC subsidiaries to secured lenders, the imposition of penalties, including
increases in interest rates, legal actions against us by our creditors, and even insolvency. 

Although
we have been able to maintain adequate working capital primarily through cash from operations and short-term and long-term borrowings,
any failure by our customers to settle outstanding accounts receivable, or our inability to borrow sufficient capital from local banks
in the future could materially and adversely affect our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
grant relatively long payment terms for accounts receivable which can adversely affect our cash flow. 

As
is customary in China, for competitive reasons, we grant relatively long payment terms to most of our subsidiaries customers.
The reserves we establish for our receivables may not be adequate based on the current bad debts. We are subject to the risk that we
may be unable to collect accounts receivable in a timely manner. If the accounts receivable cannot be collected in time, or at all, a
significant amount of bad debt expense will occur, and our business, financial condition and results of operation will likely be materially
and adversely affected. 

Our
subsidiaries face short lead-times for delivery of products to customers. Failure to meet delivery deadlines could result in the loss
of customers and damage to our reputation and goodwill. 

Most
of our subsidiaries customers are large manufacturers, who generally place large orders for our subsidiaries products and
require prompt delivery. Our subsidiaries product sale agreements typically contain short lead-times for the delivery of
products and tight production and manufacturer supply schedules that can reduce our profit margins on the products procured from our
subsidiaries suppliers. Our subsidiaries suppliers may lack sufficient capacity at any given time to meet all of the demands
from our subsidiaries customers if orders exceed their production capacity. Our subsidiaries strive for rapid response to customer
demands, which can lead to reduced purchasing efficiency, increased procurement costs and low profit margins. If our subsidiaries are
unable to meet the customer demands, they may lose customers. Moreover, failure to meet customer demands may damage our reputation and
goodwill. 

Our
subsidiaries face intense competition, and, if our subsidiaries are unable to compete effectively, we may not be able to maintain profitability. 

Our
subsidiaries compete with many other companies located in the PRC and internationally that manufacture similar products. Many of our
subsidiaries competitors are larger companies with greater financial resources. Intense competition in a challenging economic
environment in the PRC has, in the past, put pressure on our margins and may adversely affect our future financial performance. Moreover,
intense competition may result in potential or actual litigation between our subsidiaries and their competitors relating to such activities
as competitive sales practices, relationships with key suppliers and customers or other matters. 

22 

It
is likely that our subsidiaries competitors will seek to develop similar competing products in the near future. Some of our subsidiaries 
competitors may have more resources than our subsidiaries do, operate in greater scale, be more capitalized than our subsidiaries are,
have access to cheaper raw materials than our subsidiaries do, or offer products at a more competitive price. There can be no assurance
that our initial competitive advantage will be retained and that one or more competitors will not develop products that are equal or
superior in quality and are better priced than our subsidiaries products. If our subsidiaries are unable to compete effectively,
our results of operations and financial position may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
revenues are highly dependent on a limited number of customers and the loss of any one of our subsidiaries major customers could
materially and adversely affect our growth and revenues. 

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, our subsidiaries five largest customers contributed 50.85 and 54.06 of our revenues, respectively. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, Greenland s single largest customer, Hangcha Group, accounted for 17.14 and 18.47 , respectively, of
Greenland s total revenue, and Greenland s second largest customer, Longgong Forklift Truck, accounted for 14.14 and 14.94 ,
respectively, of Greenland s total revenue. As a result of our subsidiaries reliance on a limited number of customers, our
subsidiaries may face pricing and other competitive pressures, which may have a material adverse effect on our profits and our revenues.
The volume of products sold for specific customers varies from year to year, especially since our subsidiaries are not the exclusive provider
for any customers. In addition, there are a number of factors that could cause the loss of a customer or a substantial reduction in the
products that our subsidiaries provide to any customer that may not be predictable. For example, our subsidiaries customers may
decide to reduce spending on our subsidiaries products or a customer may no longer need our subsidiaries products following
the completion of a project. The loss of any one of our subsidiaries major customers, a decrease in the volume of sales to our
subsidiaries customers or a decrease in the price at which our subsidiaries sell their products to customers could materially adversely
affected our profits and revenues. 

In
addition, this customer concentration may subject our subsidiaries to perceived or actual leverage that our subsidiaries customers
may have in negotiations, given their relative size and importance to our subsidiaries. If our subsidiaries customers seek to
negotiate their agreements on terms less favorable to our subsidiaries and our subsidiaries accept such terms, such unfavorable terms
may have a material adverse effect on our subsidiaries business and our financial condition and results of operations. Accordingly,
unless and until our subsidiaries diversify and expand their customer base, our future success will significantly depend upon the timing
and volume of business from our subsidiaries largest customers and the financial and operational success of these customers. 

As
our subsidiaries expand their operations, they may need to establish a more diverse supplier network for raw materials. The failure to
secure a more diverse supplier network could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

In
the event that our subsidiaries need to diversify their supplier network, our subsidiaries may not be able to procure a sufficient supply
of raw materials at a competitive price, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows. Furthermore, despite our subsidiaries efforts to control their supply of raw materials and maintain good relationships
with their existing suppliers, our subsidiaries could lose one or more of their existing suppliers at any time. The loss of one or more
key suppliers could increase our subsidiaries reliance on higher cost or lower quality supplies, which could negative affect our
profitability. Any interruptions to, or decline in, the amount or quality of our subsidiaries raw materials supply could materially
disrupt our subsidiaries production and adversely affect our subsidiaries business and our financial condition and financial
prospects. 

To
remain competitive, our subsidiaries have introduced new lines of business, including the production and sale of electric industrial
heavy equipment. If these efforts are not successful, our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Prior to December 2020, through Zhongchai Holding
and its PRC subsidiaries, our products mainly included transmission systems and integrated powertrains for material handling machineries,
particularly for electric forklift trucks. In December 2020, through HEVI, we launched a new division to focus on the production and sale
of electric industrial heavy equipment a division that Greenland intends to develop to diversify its product offerings. HEVI s
electric industrial heavy equipment products currently include GEF-series electric forklifts, a series of lithium powered forklifts with
three models ranging in size from 1.8 tons to 3.5 tons, GEL-1800, a 1.8 ton rated load lithium powered electric wheeled front loader,
GEX-8000, an all-electric 8.0 ton rated load lithium powered wheeled excavator, and GEL-5000, an all-electric 5.0 ton rated load lithium
wheeled front loader. These products are available for purchase in the U.S. market. In August 2022, HEVI launched a 54,000 square foot
industrial electric vehicle assembly site in Baltimore, Maryland to support local services, assembly and distribution of its electric
industrial heavy equipment product line. 

23 

There
are risks in connection with this new line of business. HEVI may experience difficulties in the development and launch of electric industrial
heavy equipment, and HEVI s products may not be well-accepted by the market. As we have limited experience in the electric industrial
heavy equipment business, our efforts in developing such business may not succeed and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue
to cover our investment and become profitable. During such process, our results of operations and financial conditions may not be improved
in a timely manner, or at all. We cannot assure you that we will successfully transition our business focus and it is possible that we
remain in such transition period for an extended period of time. During such period, our revenue may be very limited and we may continue
to experience material and adverse effects to our results of operations, financial condition and business prospects. 

New
lines of business, including the production and sale of electric industrial heavy equipment, may subject us and our subsidiaries to additional
risks. 

From
time to time, we may implement new lines of business or offer new products within our subsidiaries existing lines of business.
Currently, we plan to offer additional models of electric industrial heavy equipment through HEVI. As such, we face significant challenges,
uncertainties and risks, including, among others, with respect to our subsidiaries ability to: 

build
 a well-recognized and respected brand; 

establish
 and expand our customer base; 

improve
 and maintain our operational efficiency for new lines of business; 

maintain
 a reliable, secure, high-performance and scalable technology infrastructure for our new lines
 of business; 

anticipate
 and adapt to changing market conditions, including technological development and changes
 in competitive landscape; 

navigate
 an evolving and complex regulatory environment, such as licensing and compliance requirements;
 and 

manage
 the resources and attention of management between our current core business and new lines
 of business. 

Moreover,
there can be no assurance that the introduction and development of new lines of business or new products and services would not encounter
significant difficulties or delay or would achieve the profitability as we expect. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the
development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our subsidiaries 
business and our results of operations and prospects. For example, HEVI may experience difficulties in developing and launching additional
models of electric industrial heavy equipment, or may not be able to develop them at reasonable costs. Due to HEVI s limited experience
with electric industrial heavy equipment, HEVI also face challenges and uncertainties relating to the possibility of success of this
new business. 

As
our subsidiaries enter into new business sectors, our subsidiaries are also subject to competition from such industries. There can be
no assurance that our subsidiaries will be able to compete effectively with respect to their new businesses. If our subsidiaries fail
to establish their strengths or maintain their competitiveness in those industries, our business prospects, results of operations and
financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

24 

Volatile
steel prices can cause significant fluctuations in our operating results. Our revenues and operating income could decrease if steel prices
increase or if our subsidiaries are unable to pass price increases on to their customers. 

Our
subsidiaries principal raw materials are processed metal parts and components which are made of carburizing steel. The steel industry
as a whole is cyclical and, at times, pricing and availability of steel can be volatile due to numerous factors beyond our subsidiaries 
control, including general domestic and international economic conditions, labor costs, sales levels, competition, levels of inventory,
consolidation of steel producers, higher raw material costs for steel producers, import duties and tariffs and currency exchange rates.
This volatility can significantly affect the availability and cost of raw materials. 

Our
subsidiaries suppliers, like many other processed metal parts and components manufacturers, maintain substantial inventories of
steel to accommodate the short lead times and just-in-time delivery requirements of customers. Accordingly, our subsidiaries suppliers
purchase steel in an effort to maintain their inventory at levels that they believe to be appropriate to satisfy the anticipated needs
of customers based upon historic buying practices, supply agreements with customers and market conditions. When steel prices increase,
competitive conditions will influence how much of the price increase suppliers would pass on to our subsidiaries and how much our subsidiaries
can pass on to their customers. To the extent our subsidiaries are unable to pass on future price increases in raw materials to their
customers, the revenues and profitability of our business could be adversely affected. 

We
are subject to various risks and uncertainties that might affect our subsidiaries ability to procure raw materials . 

Our
performance depends upon our subsidiaries ability to procure low cost, high quality raw materials on a timely basis from their
suppliers. Our subsidiaries suppliers are subject to certain risks, including the availability of raw materials, labor disputes,
inclement weather, natural disasters, and general economic and political conditions, which might limit the ability of our subsidiaries 
suppliers to provide low cost, high quality merchandise on a timely basis. Furthermore, for these or other reasons, one or more of our
subsidiaries suppliers might not adhere to our subsidiaries quality control standards, and our subsidiaries might not identify
the deficiency. Any failure by our subsidiaries suppliers to supply quality materials at a reasonable cost on a timely basis could
reduce our net sales or profits, damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Our
subsidiaries may lose our competitive advantage, and their operations may suffer, if they fail to prevent the loss or misappropriation
of, or disputes over, their intellectual property. 

Our
subsidiaries rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect their intellectual
property rights. While our subsidiaries are not currently aware of any infringement on their intellectual property rights, our subsidiaries 
ability to compete successfully and to achieve future revenue growth will depend, in significant part, on their ability to protect their
proprietary technology. Despite many laws and regulations promulgated, as well as other efforts made, by China over the past several
years in an attempt to protect intellectual property rights, intellectual property rights are not as certain in China as they would be
in many Western countries, including the United States. Furthermore, enforcement of such laws and regulations in China has not been fully
developed. Neither the administrative agencies nor the court systems in China are as equipped as their counterparts in developed countries
to deal with violations or handle the nuances and complexities between compliant technological innovation and non-compliant infringement. 

Our
subsidiaries transmission technology is protected through a combination of patents, trade secrets, confidentiality agreements
and other methods. However, our subsidiaries competitors may independently develop similar proprietary methodologies or duplicate
our products, or develop alternatives, which could have a material adverse effect on our subsidiaries business and our results
of operations and financial condition. The misappropriation or duplication of our subsidiaries intellectual property could disrupt
their ongoing business, distract our management and employees, reduce our revenues and increase our expenses. Our subsidiaries may need
to litigate to enforce their intellectual property rights. Any such litigation could be time consuming and costly and the outcome of
any such litigation cannot be guaranteed. 

25 

Our
PRC subsidiaries have limited insurance coverage for their operations in China and may incur losses resulting from product liability
claims, business interruption or natural disasters. 

HEVI,
our subsidiary in the U.S., maintains commercial general liability insurance for its business operations. However, our PRC subsidiaries
have limited insurance coverage for their operations in China, and our PRC subsidiaries are therefore exposed to risks associated with
product liability claims against our PRC subsidiaries or otherwise against their operations in the PRC in the event that the use of our
PRC subsidiaries products results in property damage or personal injury. Since our subsidiaries transmission products are
ultimately incorporated into forklifts, it is possible that users of forklifts or people installing these products could be injured or
killed, whether as a result of defects, improper installation or other causes. We are unable to predict whether product liability claims
will be brought against our PRC subsidiaries in the future or to predict the impact of any resulting adverse publicity on our PRC subsidiaries 
business. The successful assertion of product liability claims against our PRC subsidiaries could result in potentially significant monetary
damages and require us to make significant payments. Our subsidiaries do not carry product liability insurance and may not have adequate
resources to satisfy a judgment in the event of a successful claim against us. In addition, our subsidiaries do not currently, and may
not in the future, maintain business interruption insurance coverage. As such, our subsidiaries may suffer losses that result from interruptions
in their operations as a result of inability to operate or failures of equipment and infrastructure at our subsidiaries facilities.
Our subsidiaries also do not currently maintain catastrophe insurance. As such, any natural disaster or man-made disaster could result
in substantial losses and diversion of our subsidiaries resources to address the effects of such an occurrence, which could materially
and adversely affect our subsidiaries business and our financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure
to make adequate contributions to various employee benefit plans as required by PRC regulations may subject us to penalties. 

Our
PRC subsidiaries are required under PRC laws to participate in various government sponsored employee benefit plans, including social
security insurance, housing funds and other welfare-oriented payments, and contribute to the plans in amounts equal to certain percentages
of salaries, including bonuses and allowances, of their employees up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time
to time at locations where our PRC subsidiaries operate their businesses. Our PRC subsidiaries have not made adequate employee benefit
payments to the social security insurance and the housing fund. As a result, they may be required to make up the contributions for these
plans within a stipulated period of time. In addition, our PRC subsidiaries may be required to pay late fees equal to 0.05 of the shortage
of the contributions to the social security fund for each day our PRC subsidiaries fail to make up the contributions and may be imposed
fines up to three times of such shortage if our PRC subsidiaries fail to make up the difference within the time frame prescribed by relevant
government authorities. The maximum amount of such penalties that we anticipate could be imposed on our PRC subsidiaries with respect
such employee benefits payments is approximately US 200,000. If our PRC subsidiaries are subject to late fees or fines in relation to
the underpaid employee benefits, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. As of the date of this
Report, our PRC subsidiaries have not been ordered to pay outstanding contributions or related penalties. 

If
labor costs in the PRC increase substantially, our PRC subsidiaries business and our costs of operations may be adversely affected. 

In
recent years, the Chinese economy has experienced inflation and labor cost increases. Average wages are projected to continue to increase.
Further, under PRC law an employer is required to pay various statutory employee benefits, including pensions, housing funds, medical
insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity insurance to designated government agencies for the
benefit of its employees. The relevant government agencies may examine whether an employer has made adequate payments to the statutory
employee benefits, and those employers who fail to make adequate payments may be subject to late payment fees, fines and/or other penalties.
We expect that our labor costs, including wages and employee benefits, will continue to increase based on the past trends. If we are
unable to control our labor costs or pass such increased labor costs on to our subsidiaries customers, our financial condition
and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

We
are subject to risks related to a substantial balance due from a related party. 

As of December 31, 2022, we were owed 36.46 million
from Cenntro Holding Limited, our controlling shareholder, and such amount is recorded as due from related parties on our
balance sheet. We expect the amount due from Cenntro Holding Limited to be paid back based on certain payment schedules, with the last
payment to be made by June 30, 2024, as the Company and Cenntro Holding Limited mutually agreed to an extension of the repayment deadline
from April 27, 2022. However, there is no guarantee that such amount will be repaid in whole or in part before the end of June 2024, or
at all. Such failure to be paid back by Cenntro Holding Limited could have a material negative impact on our balance sheet. 

26 

The
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has continued to spread across the world and has created unique global and industry-wide challenges. COVID-19
has resulted in quarantines, travel restrictions, and the temporary closure of offices and facilities in China and many other countries.
New COVID-19 variants have also emerged, potentially extending the period during which COVID-19 will negatively impact the global economy. 

Since
2021, a few waves of COVID-19 infections emerged in various regions of China, and in response, the Chinese government implemented certain
anti-COVID measures and protocols. However, in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, these scattered outbreaks were brought under
control in a relatively short period of time, and the COVID-19 pandemic had a limited impact on our financial condition and results of
operations in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced rising raw material
costs which we believe to be short term, as China lifted its COVID-19 protocols and measures in December 2022. 

However,
the potential downturn brought by, and the duration of, the COVID-19 pandemic may be difficult to assess or predict, and any associated
negative impact on us will depend on many factors beyond our control. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our future results
remains uncertain, and we are closely monitoring its impact on us. Our subsidiaries business and our results of operations, financial
conditions and prospects could be adversely affected directly, as well as indirectly, to the extent that the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic
harms the Chinese and global economy in general. 

We may not be able to effectively protect
our intellectual property from unauthorized use by others. 

Through its subsidiaries, we hold trademarks and
other intellectual properties that are critical to our business in the PRC. Any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged,
invalidated, circumvented or misappropriated, or such intellectual property may not be sufficient to provide us with competitive advantages.
We cannot assure you that (i) all of the intellectual property rights we owned will be adequately protected, or (ii) our intellectual
property rights will not be challenged by third parties or found by a judicial authority to be invalid or unenforceable. Moreover, there
can be no assurance that we will obtain such trademarks and any other trademarks that are crucial to our business in the future. Thus,
third parties may also take the position that we are infringing their rights, and we may not be successful in defending these claims.
Additionally, we may not be able to enforce and defend its proprietary rights or prevent infringement or misappropriation, without incurring
substantial expenses to us and a significant diversion of management time and attention from our business strategy. 

To protect our parents, trademarks and other
proprietary rights, we reply on and expect to continue to rely on a combination of physical and electronic security measures and trademark,
patent and trade secret protection laws. If the measures we have taken to protect our proprietary rights are inadequate to prevent the
use or misappropriation by third parties or such rights are diminished due to successful challenges, the value of our brand and other
intangible assets may be diminished and our ability to attract and retain customers may be adversely affected. 

Competition
for our and our subsidiaries employees is intense, and we and our subsidiaries may not be able to attract and retain the highly
skilled employees needed to support our subsidiaries business. 

As
we continue to experience growth, our future success depends on our and our subsidiaries ability to attract, develop, motivate
and retain highly qualified and skilled employees, including engineers, financial personnel and marketing professionals. Competition
for highly skilled engineering, sales, technical and financial personnel is extremely intense. We and our subsidiaries may not be able
to hire and retain these personnel at compensation levels consistent with our existing compensation and salary structure. Many of the
companies with which we and our subsidiaries compete for experienced employees have greater resources than we and our subsidiaries have
and may be able to offer more attractive terms of employment. 

In
addition, we and our subsidiaries invest significant time and expense in training our employees, which increases their value to competitors
who may seek to recruit them. If we and our subsidiaries fail to retain our employees, we could incur significant expenses in hiring
and training their replacements, and the quality of our products could decrease, resulting in a material adverse effect on our subsidiaries 
business. 

Our
business depends on the continued efforts of our senior management. If one or more of our key executives were unable or unwilling to
continue in their present positions, our business may be severely disrupted. 

Our
business operations depend on the continuing services of our senior management. While we have provided different incentives to our management,
we cannot assure you that we can continue to retain their services. If one or more of our key executives were unable or unwilling to
continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all, our future growth may be constrained, business
may be severely disrupted and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we may
incur additional expenses to recruit, train and retain qualified personnel. In addition, although we have entered into a non-competition
agreement with Mr. Peter Zuguang Wang, our controlling shareholder and chairman of the board of directors, there is no assurance that
Mr. Wang will not join our competitors or form a competing business. If any dispute arises between us and Mr. Wang, we may incur substantial
costs and expenses in order to enforce the non-competition agreement in China, and we may be unable to enforce it at all. 

27 

We
do not maintain key person insurance, and as a result, we may incur losses if any of our directors, executive officers,
senior manager or other key employees chooses to terminate his or her services with us. 

We do not maintain key person insurance
for our directors, executive officers, senior management or other key employees. If any of our key employees terminate his or her services
or otherwise becomes unable to provide continuous services to us, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected and we may incur additional expenses to recruit, train and retain qualified personnel. If any of our executive
officers or key employees joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose customers, operational know-how and key professionals
and staff members. 

We
are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by
geopolitical instability due to the ongoing invasion of Ukraine by Russia. 

U.S.
and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and Russia s launch
of a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly
unpredictable, the war in Ukraine has led to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit, and capital
markets. In addition, as a result of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, we may experience other risks, difficulties
and challenges in the way we conduct our business and operations generally. For example, the conflict could adversely affect supply chains
and impact our ability to control raw material costs. A protracted conflict between Ukraine and Russia, any escalation of that
conflict, and the wider global economy and market conditions could, in turn, have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition, cash flows and results of operations and could cause the market value of our ordinary shares to decline. 

High
inflation rates may adversely affect us by increasing costs beyond what we can recover through price increases and limit our ability
to enter into future traditional debt financing. 

Inflation
can adversely affect us by increasing costs of critical materials, equipment, labor, and other services. In addition, inflation is often
accompanied by higher interest rates. Continued inflationary pressures could impact our profitability. Inflation may also affect our
ability to enter into future traditional debt financing, as high inflation may result in an increase in cost. 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in China 

Changes
in China s economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on our business
and operations. 

A
substantial majority of our assets and operations are located in China. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects may be influenced to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions in China generally. The PRC economy
differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including with regard to the level of government involvement,
level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although the PRC government has implemented
measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets, and
the establishment of improved corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in China is still
owned by the government. In addition, the PRC government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing
industrial policies. 

The
PRC government also exercises significant control over China s economic growth through allocating resources, controlling payment
of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy, and providing preferential treatment to particular industries
or companies. 

28 

While
the PRC economy has experienced significant growth over the past decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various
sectors of the economy, and the rate of growth has been slowing since 2012. Any adverse changes in economic conditions in China, in the
policies of the PRC government or in the laws and regulations in China could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth
of China. Such developments could adversely affect our business and operating results, lead to reduction in demand for our subsidiaries 
products and adversely affect our subsidiaries competitive position. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage
economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall PRC economy, but may have a negative
effect on us and our subsidiaries. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government
control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations. In addition, in the past the PRC government has implemented certain measures,
including interest rate adjustment, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity in China,
which may adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Uncertainties
with respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us and our PRC subsidiaries. 

The
PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions under the civil
law system may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. Since these laws and regulations are relatively new and the
PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and the
enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties. 

In
1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws and regulations governing economic matters in general. The
overall effect of legislation over the past four decades has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign
investments in China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws and regulations may
not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China. In particular, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and
regulations involve uncertainties. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing
statutory provisions and contractual terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the
level of legal protection we enjoy. These uncertainties may affect our and/or our PRC subsidiaries judgment on the relevance of
legal requirements and our/our PRC subsidiaries ability to enforce our/their contractual rights or tort claims. In addition, the
regulatory uncertainties may be exploited through unmerited or frivolous legal actions or threats in attempts to extract payments or
benefits from us and our PRC subsidiaries. 

Furthermore,
the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or
at all and may have retroactive effect. As a result, we and/or our PRC subsidiaries may not be aware of our/their violation of any of
these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. In addition, any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted,
resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. 

In
addition, we and our PRC subsidiaries are subject to risks and uncertainties of the interpretations and applications of PRC laws and
regulations, including, but not limited to, limitations on foreign ownership in the industry our PRC subsidiaries operate. We and our
PRC subsidiaries are also subject to the risks and uncertainties about any future actions of the PRC government. If any future actions
of the PRC government result in a material change in our operations, and the value of our ordinary shares may depreciate significantly
or become worthless. 

The
PRC government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which our PRC subsidiaries must conduct their business activities. If
the Chinese government significantly regulates the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries in the future and our PRC subsidiaries
are not able to substantially comply with such regulations, the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries may be materially and adversely
affected and the value of our ordinary shares may significantly decrease. 

The
PRC government has exercised, and continues to exercise, substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through
regulation and state ownership, including steel sector where our PRC subsidiaries have been doing their business. Any government decisions
or actions to change the way steel production is regulated, or any decisions the government might make to cut spending, could adversely
impact our PRC subsidiaries business and our results of operations. In addition, the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to operate
in China may be harmed by changes in PRC laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, environmental conditions, land use
rights, property and other matters. The central or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations
of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations
or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support recent economic
reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies,
could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof, and could require us to divest ourselves
of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties. 

29 

We
believe that our PRC subsidiaries operations in China are in material compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
However, the central or local governments of the jurisdictions in which our PRC subsidiaries operate may impose new, stricter regulations
or interpretations of existing regulations with little advance notice that would require additional expenditures and efforts on their
part to ensure our subsidiaries compliance with such regulations or interpretations. 

Our
PRC subsidiaries may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for
any failure to comply. In the event that our PRC subsidiaries are not able to substantially comply with any existing or newly adopted
laws and regulations, our business operations may be materially adversely affected and the value of our ordinary shares may significantly
decrease. 

Furthermore,
the PRC government authorities may strengthen oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment
in China-based issuers like us. Such actions taken by the PRC government authorities may intervene or influence the operations of our
PRC subsidiaries at any time, which may be beyond our control. Therefore, any such action may adversely affect the operations of our
PRC subsidiaries and substantially limit or hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to you and significantly reduce
the value of such securities or cause the value of such securities to be completely worthless. 

We are required under PRC laws to submit
filings to CSRC for our future offerings. However, we believe that we and our PRC subsidiaries are not currently required to obtain the
approval and/or comply with other requirements of the CSRC, the CAC, or other PRC governmental authorities under PRC rules, regulations
or policies in connection with our continued listing on Nasdaq. In the event that any such approval is required or that there are other
requirements we and/or our PRC subsidiaries are obligated to comply with, we cannot predict whether or how soon we and/or our PRC subsidiaries
will be able to obtain such approvals and/or comply with such requirements. 

The
Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, purport to require offshore
special purpose vehicles that are controlled by PRC companies or individuals and that have been formed for the purpose of seeking a public
listing on an overseas stock exchange through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies or assets to obtain CSRC approval prior to publicly
listing their securities on an overseas stock exchange. The interpretation and application of those regulations remain unclear. 

In
addition, the PRC government authorities may strengthen future oversight over offerings that are conducted overseas. For instance, on
July 6, 2021, the relevant PRC governmental authorities promulgated the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities,
which emphasized the need to strengthen the PRC government s supervision over overseas listings by PRC companies. Pursuant to the
Opinions, effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems, are to be taken to deal with the risks
of China-based overseas-listed companies, cybersecurity and data privacy protection requirements and similar matters. The Cybersecurity
Review Measures (Decree No. 8 of the Cybersecurity Administration of the PRC), or the revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, enacted
on December 28, 2021 and came into effect on February 15, 2022, also require online platform operators holding over one million users 
personal information to apply for a cybersecurity review before any public offering on a foreign stock exchange. These statements and
regulations are recently issued, and there remain substantial uncertainties about their interpretation and implementation. See also Our
PRC subsidiaries may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by their customers and any failure
to comply with PRC laws and regulations over data security could result in materially adverse impact on our business, results of operations,
and our continued listing on Nasdaq . 

30 

As
of the date of this Report, we believe we and our PRC subsidiaries are not required to obtain any permission from PRC authorities (including
the CSRC and the CAC) to operate our PRC subsidiaries business as presently conducted or listing on Nasdaq. Therefore, as of the
date of this prospectus, we and our PRC subsidiaries have not applied for any permission or approval from any PRC governmental authority
in connection with our offshore listing or offering and, as such, no such permission or approval has been granted or denied. However,
if it fails to comply with the Trial Measures during future issuance of securities or listing on other stock exchanges outside of China,
we may be subjected sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory authorities, and our reputation, financial condition, and results of operations
may be materially and adversely affected. 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC published the Trial
Measures and its accompanying guidelines and instructions, which came into effect on March 31, 2023, and will apply if a domestic enterprise
issues shares, depositary receipts, corporate bonds convertible into shares, or other securities of an equity nature outside of the PRC,
or lists its securities for trading outside of the PRC. According to such regulations, a domestic enterprise that issues and lists its
securities outside of the PRC shall comply with the filing procedures and report the relevant information to the CSRC. A domestic enterprise
shall not be listed on an overseas stock exchange if any of the following circumstances exists: (i) where such securities offering and
listing is explicitly prohibited by provisions in laws, administrative regulations and relevant state rules; (ii) where the intended securities
offering and listing may endanger national security as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council in accordance
with law; (iii) where the domestic company intending to make the securities offering and listing, or its controlling shareholders and
the actual controller, have committed crimes such as corruption, bribery, embezzlement, misappropriation of property or undermining the
order of the socialist market economy during the latest three years; (iv) where the domestic company intending to make the securities
offering and listing is suspected of committing crimes or major violations of laws and regulations, and is under investigation according
to law, and no conclusion has yet been made thereof; (v) where there are material ownership disputes over equity held by the domestic
company's controlling shareholder or by other shareholders that are controlled by the controlling shareholder and/or actual controller.
The Trial Measures changes the management of licensing to record management, strengthen the supervision in the aftermath, create a more
transparent and predictable institutional environment, and support the standardized development of enterprises using the overseas capital
market. 

According to the Notice on Filing Management Arrangements
for Overseas Listings of Domestic Enterprises issued and implemented by the CSRC on February 17, 2023, since the date of effectiveness
of the Trial Measures, the domestic enterprises falling within the scope of filing that have been listed overseas or met the following
circumstances are existing enterprises: Before the effectiveness of the Trial Measures, the application for indirect overseas issuance
and listing has been agreed by the overseas regulators or overseas stock exchanges (such as having passed the hearing on the Hong Kong
market or registration become effective as agreed on the U.S. market, etc.), and it is not required to perform issuance and listing supervision
procedures of the overseas regulators or overseas stock exchanges (such as rehearing on the Hong Kong market, etc.), and the overseas
issuance and listing will be completed by September 30, 2023. According to the above regulations, the Company is an existing enterprise,
which do not be required to file immediately, and filing should be made as required if they involve refinancing and other filing matters. 

31 

Our
PRC subsidiaries may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by their customers and any failure
to comply with PRC laws and regulations over data security could result in materially adverse impact on our business, results of operations,
and our continued listing on Nasdaq. 

Our
PRC subsidiaries business involves collecting and retaining certain internal and customer data. Our PRC subsidiaries also maintain
information about various aspects of their operations. The integrity and protection of customer and company data is critical to our business.
Our subsidiaries customers expect that our subsidiaries will adequately protect their personal information. Our PRC subsidiaries
are required by applicable laws to keep strictly confidential the personal information that they collect, and to take adequate security
measures to safeguard such information. 

The
PRC Criminal Law, as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits
institutions, companies and their employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen s personal information obtained
in performing duties or providing services or obtaining such information through theft or other illegal ways. On November 7, 2016, the
Standing Committee of the PRC National People s Congress issued the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, or Cyber Security Law, which
became effective on June 1, 2017. Pursuant to the Cyber Security Law, network operators must not, without users consent, collect
their personal information, and may only collect users personal information necessary to provide their services. Providers are
also obliged to provide security maintenance for their products and services and shall comply with provisions regarding the protection
of personal information as stipulated under the relevant laws and regulations. 

The
Civil Code of the PRC (issued by the PRC National People s Congress on May 28, 2020 and effective from January 1, 2021) provides
the legal basis for privacy and personal information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws. PRC regulators, including the
CAC, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the Ministry of Public Security, have been increasingly focused on regulation
in data security and data protection. 

The
PRC regulatory requirements regarding cybersecurity are evolving. For instance, various regulatory bodies in China, including the CAC,
the Ministry of Public Security and the State Administration for Market Regulation, have enforced data privacy and protection laws and
regulations with varying and evolving standards and interpretations. In April 2020, the Chinese government promulgated Cybersecurity
Review Measures, which came into effect on June 1, 2020. According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information
infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. 

In
December 2021, the CAC and other related authorities promulgated the revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into effect on
February 15, 2022. The revised Cybersecurity Review Measures propose the following key changes: 

online
 platform operators who are engaged in data processing are also subject to the regulatory scope; 

the
 CSRC is included as one of the regulatory authorities for purposes of jointly establishing the state cybersecurity review working
 mechanism; 

the
 online platform operators holding more than one million users individual information and seeking a listing outside China shall
 file for cybersecurity review with the Cybersecurity Review Office; and 

the
 risks of core data, material data or large amounts of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, damaged, illegally used
 or transmitted to overseas parties and the risks of critical information infrastructure, core data, material data or large amounts
 of personal information being influenced, controlled or used maliciously shall be collectively taken into consideration during the
 cybersecurity review process. 

Certain
internet platforms in China have reportedly become subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny in relation to cybersecurity matters. As
of the date of this Report, we have not been included within the definition of operator of critical information infrastructure 
by a competent authority, nor have we been informed by any PRC governmental authority of any requirement that we file for a cybersecurity
review. However, if we are deemed to be a critical information infrastructure operator or an online platform operator that is engaged
in data processing and holds personal information of more than one million users, we could be subject to PRC cybersecurity review in
the future. 

32 

As
there remains significant uncertainty in the interpretation and enforcement of relevant PRC cybersecurity laws and regulations, we could
be subject to cybersecurity review. In addition, we could become subject to enhanced cybersecurity review or investigations launched
by PRC regulators in the future. Any failure or delay in the completion of the cybersecurity review procedures or any other non-compliance
with the related laws and regulations may result in fines or other penalties, including suspension of business, website closure and revocation
of prerequisite licenses, as well as reputational damage or legal proceedings or actions against us and/or our PRC subsidiaries, which
may have material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. As of the date of this Report, we and
our PRC subsidiaries have not been involved in any investigations on cybersecurity review initiated by the CAC or related governmental
regulatory authorities, and we and our PRC subsidiaries have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanction in such respect. 

On
June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress of China, or the SCNPC, promulgated the PRC Data Security
Law, which took effect in September 2021. The PRC Data Security Law imposes data security and privacy obligations on entities and individuals
carrying out data activities, and introduces a data classification and hierarchical protection system based on the importance of data
in economic and social development, and the degree of harm it will cause to national security, public interests, or legitimate rights
and interests of individuals or organizations when such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked, illegally acquired or used. The PRC
Data Security Law also provides for a national security review procedure for data activities that may affect national security and imposes
export restrictions on certain data an information. 

As
of the date of this Report, we do not expect that the current PRC laws on cybersecurity or data security would have a material adverse
impact on our business operations. However, as the scope of the PRC Data Security Law is broad and includes the collection, storage,
use, processing, transmission, availability and disclosure of data, among others, and uncertainties remain regarding the interpretation
and implementation of these laws and regulations, we cannot assure you that we and our PRC subsidiaries will comply with such regulations
in all respects and we and/or our PRC subsidiaries may be ordered to rectify or terminate any actions that are deemed illegal by regulatory
authorities. Any directly liable person within our Company for violations or alleged violations of the PRC Data Security Law may become
subject to fines. We and/or our PRC subsidiaries may also become subject to fines and/or other sanctions that may have material adverse
effect on our business, operations and financial condition. 

A
severe or prolonged downturn in the PRC or global economy could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 

The
global macroeconomic environment is facing challenges. There is considerable uncertainty over the long-term effects of the expansionary
monetary and fiscal policies adopted by the central banks and financial authorities of some of the world s leading economies, including
the United States and China. There have been concerns over unrest and terrorist threats in the Middle East, Europe and Africa and over
the conflicts involving Ukraine, Syria, Russia and North Korea. There have also been concerns on the relationship among China and other
Asian countries, which may result in, or intensify potential conflicts in relation to, territorial disputes, and the trade disputes between
China and other countries. It is unclear whether these challenges and uncertainties will be contained or resolved, and what effects they
may have on the global political and economic conditions in the long term. 

Economic
conditions in China are sensitive to global economic conditions, changes in domestic economic and political policies and the expected
or perceived overall economic growth rate in China. While the economy in China has grown significantly over the past decades, growth
has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy, and the rate of growth has been slowing in recent years.
Although growth of China s economy remained relatively stable, there is a possibility that China s economic growth may materially
decline in the near future. Any severe or prolonged slowdown in the global or PRC economy may materially and adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

33 

You
may have difficulty enforcing judgments against us. 

A
significant portion of our assets are located, and a substantial amount of our subsidiaries operations are conducted, in the PRC.
In addition, some of our directors and officers are nationals or residents of the PRC, including our chief financial officer, Mr. Jing
Jin, and independent director, Mr. Ming Zhao, and a substantial majority of their assets are located outside the United States. As a
result, it may be difficult to effect service of process within the United States upon these persons. In addition, there is uncertainty
as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts because China does not have any treaties or other
arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments with the United States. In addition, according
to the PRC Civil Procedures Law, courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they
decide that the judgment violates basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty, security, or the public interest. 

Under
the PRC EIT Law, we may be classified as a Resident Enterprise of China. Any classification as such will likely result
in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. 

Under
the PRC EIT Law, an enterprise established outside of China with de facto management bodies within China is considered
a resident enterprise, meaning that it can be subject to an enterprise income tax, or EIT, rate of 25.0 on its global
income. In April 2009, the SAT promulgated a circular, known as Circular 82, and partially amended by Circular 9 promulgated in January
2014, to clarify the certain criteria for the determination of the de facto management bodies for foreign enterprises controlled
by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups. Under Circular 82, a foreign enterprise is considered a PRC resident enterprise if all of
the following apply: (1) the senior management and core management departments in charge of daily operations are located mainly within
China; (2) decisions relating to the enterprise s financial and human resource matters are made or subject to approval by organizations
or personnel in China; (3) the enterprise s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board and shareholders 
meeting minutes are located or maintained in China; and (4) 50.0 or more of voting board members or senior executives of the enterprise
habitually reside in China. Further to Circular 82, the SAT issued a bulletin, known as Bulletin 45, effective in September 2011 and
amended on June 1, 2015 and October 1, 2016, to provide more guidance on the implementation of Circular 82 and clarify the reporting
and filing obligations of such Chinese controlled offshore incorporated resident enterprises. Bulletin 45 provides for,
among other matters, procedures for the determination of resident status and administration of post-determination matters. Although Circular
82 and Bulletin 45 explicitly provide that the above standards apply to enterprises that are registered outside China and controlled
by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, Circular 82 may reflect the SAT s criteria for determining the tax residence of foreign
enterprises in general. 

If
the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of
unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First, we may be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 on our worldwide
taxable income as well as PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. In our case, this would mean that income such as non-China
source income would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 . Second, under the PRC EIT Law, dividends paid to us from
our PRC subsidiaries would be deemed as qualified investment income between resident enterprises and therefore qualify
as tax-exempt income pursuant to the clause 26 of the PRC EIT Law. Finally, it is possible that future guidance issued
with respect to the new resident enterprise classification could result in a situation in which the dividends we pay with
respect to our ordinary shares, or the gain our non-PRC shareholders may realize from the transfer of our ordinary shares, may be treated
as PRC-sourced income and may therefore be subject to a 10 PRC withholding tax. The PRC EIT Law is, however, relatively new and ambiguities
exist with respect to the interpretation and identification of PRC-sourced income, and the application and assessment of withholding
taxes. If we are required under the PRC EIT Law to withhold PRC income tax on dividends payable to our non-PRC shareholders, should there
be a determination in the future to pay dividends, or if non-PRC shareholders are required to pay PRC income tax on gains on the transfer
of their ordinary shares, our business could be negatively impacted and the value of your investment may be materially reduced. Further,
if we were treated as a resident enterprise by PRC tax authorities, we would be subject to taxation in both China and such
countries in which we have taxable income, and our PRC tax may not be creditable against such other taxes. 

34 

PRC
regulation of loans to, and direct investments in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using proceeds
from our future financing activities to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries. 

As an offshore holding company with PRC subsidiaries,
we may transfer funds to our PRC subsidiaries or finance our PRC entities by means of loans or capital contributions. Any capital contributions
or loans that we, as an offshore entity, make to our PRC subsidiaries, are subject to PRC regulations. Any loans to our PRC subsidiaries,
which are foreign-invested enterprises, cannot exceed statutory limits based on the difference between the amount of our investments and
registered capital in such subsidiaries, and shall be registered with State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, or its local
counterparts. Furthermore, any capital increase contributions we make to our PRC subsidiaries, which are foreign-invested enterprises,
are subject to the requirement of making necessary reports in Foreign Investment Comprehensive Management Information System, and registration
with other government authorities in China. We may not be able to obtain these government registrations or approvals on a timely basis,
if at all. If we fail to obtain such approvals or make such registration, our ability to make equity contributions or provide loans to
our PRC subsidiaries or to fund their operations may be negatively affected, which may adversely affect their liquidity and ability to
fund their working capital and expansion projects and meet their obligations and commitments. As a result, our liquidity and our ability
to fund and expand our business may be negatively affected. 

We
may rely on dividends paid by our subsidiaries for our cash needs, and any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to make payments
to us could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business. 

As
a holding company, we conduct a substantial amount of our business through our subsidiaries in China. We may rely on dividends paid by
these PRC subsidiaries for our cash needs, including the funds necessary to pay any dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders,
to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. The payment of dividends by entities established in China is subject
to limitations. Regulations in China currently permit payment of dividends only out of accumulated profits as determined in accordance
with accounting standards and regulations in China. In accordance with the Article 166, 168 of the Company Law of the PRC (Amended in
2018), each of our PRC subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profit based on PRC accounting standards each
year to its general reserves or statutory capital reserve fund until the aggregate amount of such reserves reaches 50 of its respective
registered capital. A company may discontinue the contribution when the aggregate sum of the statutory surplus reserve is more than 50 
of its registered capital. The statutory common reserve fund of a company may only be used to cover the losses of the company, expand
the business and production of the company or be converted into additional capital. As a result, our PRC subsidiaries are restricted
in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to us in the form of dividends. In addition, if any of our PRC subsidiaries
incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict such subsidiary s ability to pay dividends
or make other distributions to us. Any limitations on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to transfer funds to us could materially and
adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends and otherwise
fund and conduct our business. 

You
may be subject to PRC income tax on dividends from us or on any gain realized on the transfer of our ordinary shares. 

Under
the PRC EIT Law, subject to any applicable tax treaty or similar arrangement between the PRC and your jurisdiction of residence that
provides for a different income tax arrangement, PRC withholding tax at the rate of 10.0 is normally applicable to dividends from PRC
sources payable to investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises, which do not have an establishment or place of business in China,
or which have such establishment or place of business if the relevant income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place
of business. Any gain realized on the transfer of shares by such investors is subject to 10.0 PRC income tax if such gain is regarded
as income derived from sources within China unless a treaty or similar arrangement otherwise provides. Under the Individual Income Tax
Law of the PRC and its implementation rules, dividends from sources within China paid to foreign individual investors who are not PRC
residents are generally subject to a PRC withholding tax at a rate of 20 and gains from PRC sources realized by such investors on the
transfer of shares are generally subject to 20 PRC income tax, in each case, subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in applicable
tax treaties and PRC laws. 

There
is a risk that we will be treated by the PRC tax authorities as a PRC tax resident enterprise. In that case, any dividends we pay to
our shareholders may be regarded as income derived from sources within China and we may be required to withhold a 10.0 PRC withholding
tax for the dividends we pay to our investors who are non-PRC corporate shareholders, or a 20.0 withholding tax for the dividends we
pay to our investors who are non-PRC individual shareholders, including the holders of our Shares. In addition, our non-PRC shareholders
may be subject to PRC tax on gains realized on the sale or other disposition of our ordinary shares, if such income is treated as sourced
from within China. It is unclear whether our non-PRC shareholders would be able to claim the benefits of any tax treaties between their
tax residence and China in the event that we are considered as a PRC resident enterprise. If PRC income tax is imposed on gains realized
through the transfer of our ordinary shares or on dividends paid to our non-resident investors, should there be a determination in the
future to pay dividends, the value of your investment in our ordinary shares may be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, our
shareholders whose jurisdictions of residence have tax treaties or arrangements with China may not qualify for benefits under such tax
treaties or arrangements. 

35 

We
may be unable to complete a business combination transaction efficiently or on favorable terms due to complicated merger and acquisition
regulations and certain other PRC regulations. 

On
August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory authorities, including Ministry of Commerce, the State Assets Supervision and Administration Commission,
the SAT, the Administration for Industry and Commerce, the CSRC and SAFE, jointly issued the M A Rules, which became effective on
September 8, 2006 and were amended in June 2009. The M A Rules, governing the approval process by which a PRC company may participate
in an acquisition of assets or equity interests by foreign investors, requires the PRC parties to make a series of applications and supplemental
applications to the government agencies, depending on the structure of the transaction. In some instances, the application process may
require presentation of economic data concerning a transaction, including appraisals of the target business and evaluations of the acquirer,
which are designed to allow the government to assess the transaction. Accordingly, due to the M A Rules, our ability to engage in
business combination transactions has become significantly more complicated, time-consuming and expensive, and we may not be able to
negotiate a transaction that is acceptable to our shareholders or sufficiently protective of their interests in a transaction. 

The
M A Rules allow PRC government agencies to assess the economic terms of a business combination transaction. Parties to a business
combination transaction may have to submit to Ministry of Commerce and other relevant government agencies an appraisal report, an evaluation
report and the acquisition agreement, all of which form part of the application for approval, depending on the structure of the transaction.
The M A Rules also prohibit a transaction at an acquisition price obviously lower than the appraised value of the business or assets
in China and in certain transaction structures, require that consideration must be paid within defined periods, generally not in excess
of a year. In addition, the M A Rules also limit our ability to negotiate various terms of the acquisition, including aspects of
the initial consideration, contingent consideration, holdback provisions, indemnification provisions and provisions relating to the assumption
and allocation of assets and liabilities. Transaction structures involving trusts, nominees and similar entities are prohibited. Therefore,
such regulations may impede our ability to negotiate and complete a business combination transaction on legal and/or financial terms
that satisfy our investors and protect our shareholders economic interests. 

Fluctuations
in exchange rates could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and the value of your investment. 

The
conversion of Renminbi into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by the People s Bank of China. The
Renminbi has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. The value of the Renminbi against the U.S.
dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions in China
and by China s foreign exchange policies, among other things. We cannot assure you that Renminbi will not appreciate or depreciate
significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the future. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government
policy may impact the exchange rate between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar in the future. 

Significant
fluctuation of the Renminbi may have a material adverse effect on your investment. For example, to the extent that we need to convert
U.S. dollars into Renminbi for our operations, appreciation of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the
Renminbi amount we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert our Renminbi into U.S. dollars for the purpose
of making payments for dividends on our ordinary shares or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Renminbi
would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to us. 

Very
limited hedging options are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. As of the date of this Report, we
have not entered into any material hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. While
we may decide to enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these hedges may be limited and
we may not be able to adequately hedge our exposure or at all. In addition, our currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange
control regulations that restrict our ability to convert Renminbi into foreign currency. 

36 

Governmental
control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

The
PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of
currency out of China. We receive a significant portion of our revenues in Renminbi. Under our current corporate structure, our British
Virgin Islands holding company may rely on dividend payments from our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we
may have. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest
payments and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval of SAFE,
by complying with certain procedural requirements. Specifically, under the existing exchange restrictions, without prior approval of
SAFE, cash generated from the operations of our PRC subsidiaries in China may be used to pay dividends to our Company. However, approval
from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where Renminbi is to be converted into foreign currency and
remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, we need
to obtain SAFE approval to use cash generated from the operations of our PRC subsidiaries to pay off their respective debt in a currency
other than Renminbi owed to entities outside China, or to make other capital expenditure payments outside China in a currency other than
Renminbi. If such approval is withheld or the PRC government imposes other restrictions on the convertibility of Renminbi into foreign
currencies, we may not be able to utilize our revenues effectively, and as a result, our business and results of operations may be materially
adversely affected, and the value of our ordinary shares may decrease. 

U.S.
regulatory bodies may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in China. 

The
SEC, the U.S. Department of Justice and other U.S. authorities may also have difficulties in bringing and enforcing actions against us
or our directors or executive officers in the PRC. The SEC has stated that there are significant legal and other obstacles to obtaining
information needed for investigations or litigation in China. China has recently adopted a revised securities law that became effective
on March 1, 2020, Article 177 of which provides, among other things, that no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct
an investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. Accordingly, without governmental approval in China,
no entity or individual in China may provide documents and information relating to securities business activities to overseas regulators
when it is under direct investigation or evidence discovery conducted by overseas regulators, which could present significant legal and
other obstacles to obtaining information needed for investigations and litigation conducted outside of China. 

A
recent joint statement by the SEC and the PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the HFCA Act all call for additional
and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially
the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. 

On
April 21, 2020, SEC Chairman Jay Clayton and PCAOB Chairman William D. Duhnke III, along with other senior SEC staff, released a
joint statement highlighting the risks associated with investing in companies based in or having substantial operations in emerging markets
including China. The joint statement emphasized the risks associated with lack of access for the PCAOB to inspect auditors and audit
work papers in China and higher risks of fraud in emerging markets. 

On
May 18, 2020, Nasdaq filed three proposals with the SEC to (i) apply minimum offering size requirement for companies primarily
operating in Restrictive Market, (ii) adopt a new requirement relating to the qualification of management or board
of directors for Restrictive Market companies, and (iii) apply additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant or listed
company based on the qualifications of the company s auditors. 

On
May 20, 2020, the Senate passed the HFCA Act, requiring a foreign company to certify that it is not owned or manipulated by a foreign
government if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the company uses a foreign auditor not subject to PCAOB inspection.
If the PCAOB is unable to inspect the company s auditors for three consecutive years, the company s securities are prohibited
from trading on a national exchange. 

37 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC announced that it had adopted interim final amendments to implement congressionally mandated submission and disclosure
requirements of the HFCA Act . The interim final amendments will apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual
report on Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F or N-CSR with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign
jurisdiction and that the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority
in that jurisdiction. The SEC will implement a process for identifying such a registrant and any such identified registrant will be required
to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in that foreign jurisdiction,
and will also require disclosure in the registrant s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and governmental influence
on, such a registrant. We will be required to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies us as having a non-inspection 
year under the related process that will be implemented by the SEC. 

On
June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and on December 29, 2022, the Consolidated
Appropriations Act was signed into law by President Biden, which contained, among other things, an identical provision to Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and amended the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act by requiring the SEC to prohibit
an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive
years instead of three, thus reducing the time period before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted. 

On
September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted rules to create a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated under the HFCA
Act, whether it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because
of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. 

On
December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCA Act.
The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public
accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of
a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction. 

On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered
public accounting firms headquartered in China and in Hong Kong because of positions taken by PRC and Hong Kong authorities in those
jurisdictions. The PCAOB has made such designations as mandated under the HFCA Act. Pursuant to each annual determination by the PCAOB,
the SEC will, on an annual basis, identify issuers that have used non-inspected audit firms and thus are at risk of such suspensions
in the future. 

On
August 26, 2022, the CSRC, the MOF, and the PCAOB signed the Protocol, governing inspections and investigations of audit firms based
in China and Hong Kong. The Protocol remains unpublished and is subject to further explanation and implementation. Pursuant to the fact
sheet with respect to the Protocol disclosed by the SEC, the PCAOB shall have independent discretion to select any issuer audits for
inspection or investigation and has the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB Board
determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate its previous determinations to the contrary. However, should PRC authorities obstruct
or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future, the PCAOB Board will consider the need to issue a new determination. 

The
PCAOB has been able to inspect our auditor, WWC P.C., an independent registered public accounting firm with its headquarters in San Mateo,
California, with its last inspection conducted in November 2021. As such, it is not subject to the designations issued by the PCAOB on
December 16, 2021. However, if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our accounting firm in a foreign jurisdiction during any period of three
consecutive years or we become owned or controlled by a government in that foreign jurisdiction in the future, the HFCA Act may require
our ordinary shares to be delisted from the Nasdaq Stock Market or any exchange on which our securities are traded in the future. 

The
recent developments would add uncertainties to our offering and may result in prohibitions on the trading of our ordinary shares on the
Nasdaq Stock Market, if our auditors fail to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement in time. 

38 

We
plan to empower our audit committee to take the PCAOB s lack of inspection, as applicable, into account in connection with the
oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm s audit procedures and establish relevant internal quality control
procedures. However, we cannot assure you that our audit committee s oversight would be effective. In addition, the SEC may initiate
proceedings against our independent registered public accounting firm, whether in connection with an audit of our Company or other China-based
companies, which could result in the imposition of penalties against our independent registered public accounting firm, such as suspension
of its ability to practice before the SEC. All of these could cause our shareholders and investors to lose confidence in our reported
financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements, which may have a material effect on our business. 

Risks
Related to Our Ordinary Shares 

Future
sales of our ordinary shares, whether by us or our shareholders, could cause the price of our ordinary shares to decline. 

If
our existing shareholders sell, or indicate an intent to sell, substantial amounts of our ordinary shares in the public market, the trading
price of our ordinary shares could decline significantly. Similarly, the perception in the public market that our shareholders might
sell our ordinary shares could also depress the market price of our shares. A decline in the price of our ordinary shares might impede
our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional ordinary shares or other equity securities. In addition, the issuance
and sale by us of additional ordinary shares, or securities convertible into or exercisable for our ordinary shares, or the perception
that we will issue such securities, could reduce the trading price for our ordinary shares as well as make future sales of equity securities
by us less attractive or not feasible. The sale of ordinary shares issued upon the exercise of our outstanding warrants could further
dilute the holdings of our then existing shareholders. 

We
do not know whether a market for the ordinary shares will be sustained or what the trading price of the ordinary shares will be and as
a result it may be difficult for you to sell your ordinary shares. 

Although
our ordinary shares trade on Nasdaq, an active trading market for the ordinary shares may not be sustained. It may be difficult for you
to sell your ordinary shares without depressing the market price for the ordinary shares. As a result of these and other factors, you
may not be able to sell your ordinary shares. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling ordinary
shares, or may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire companies or products by using our ordinary shares
as consideration. 

Securities
analysts may not cover our ordinary shares and this may have a negative impact on the market price of our ordinary shares. 

The
trading market for our ordinary shares will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish
about us or our business. We do not have any control over independent analysts (provided that we have engaged various non-independent
analysts). We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by independent securities and industry analysts. If no independent
securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, the trading price for our ordinary shares would be negatively impacted. If we
obtain independent securities or industry analyst coverage and if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our ordinary shares,
changes their opinion of our shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our ordinary shares
would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for
our ordinary shares could decrease and we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price and trading volume
of our ordinary shares to decline. 

Because
we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on the price appreciation of our ordinary shares for a return
on your investment. 

We
currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our
business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you should not rely on an investment
in our ordinary shares as a source for any future dividend income. 

39 

Our
board of directors has complete discretion as to whether to distribute dividends, subject to certain requirements of British Virgin Islands
law. In addition, our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no dividend may exceed the amount recommended by
our board of directors. Under British Virgin Islands law, a British Virgin Islands company may pay a dividend out of either profit or
share premium account, provided that in no circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would result in the company being unable to pay
its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Even if our board of directors decides to declare and pay dividends, the
timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on, among other things, our future results of operations and cash flow,
our capital requirements and surplus, the amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiaries, our financial condition,
contractual restrictions, and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. Accordingly, the return on your investment in
our ordinary shares will likely depend entirely upon any future price appreciation of our ordinary shares. There is no guarantee that
our ordinary shares will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which you purchased the ordinary shares. You may not realize
a return on your investment in our ordinary shares and you may even lose your entire investment in our ordinary shares. 

Techniques
employed by short sellers may drive down the market price of our ordinary shares. 

Short
selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed from a third party with the intention
of buying identical securities back at a later date to return to the lender. The short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value
of the securities between the sale of the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller expects
to pay less in that purchase than it received in the sale. As it is in the short seller s interest for the price of the security
to decline, many short sellers publish, or arrange for the publication of, negative opinions regarding the relevant issuer and its business
prospects in order to create negative market momentum and generate profits for themselves after selling a security short. These short
attacks have, in the past, led to selling of shares in the market. 

Other
public companies listed in the United States that have substantial operations in China have been the subject of short selling. Much of
the scrutiny and negative publicity has centered on allegations of a lack of effective internal control over financial reporting resulting
in financial and accounting irregularities and mistakes, inadequate corporate governance policies or a lack of adherence thereto and,
in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result, many of these companies are now conducting internal and external investigations into
the allegations and, in the interim, are subject to shareholder lawsuits and/or SEC enforcement actions. 

We
may in the future be the subject of unfavorable allegations made by short sellers. Any such allegations may be followed by periods of
instability in the market price of our ordinary shares and negative publicity. If and when we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations,
whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue, we could be required to expend a significant amount of resources to investigate
such allegations and/or defend ourselves. While we would strongly defend against any such short seller attacks, we may be constrained
in the manner in which we can proceed against the relevant short seller by principles of freedom of speech, applicable federal or state
law or issues of commercial confidentiality. Such a situation could be costly and time- consuming and could distract our management from
growing our business. Even if such allegations are ultimately proven to be groundless, allegations against us could severely impact our
business operations and shareholder s equity, and the value of any investment in our ordinary shares could be greatly reduced or
rendered worthless. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
address of our principal executive offices and corporate offices is 50 Millstone Road, Building 400, Suite 130, East Windsor, NJ 08512,
USA. 

Our office in China is located at 11-F, Building
#12, Sunking Plaza, Gaojiao Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, China, 311122. Our manufacturing and R D facilities are all located
in Xinchang County, Zhejiang Province, China. 

40 

Properties
Owned by us 

As
of December 31, 2022, Greenland held land use rights of four parcels of land with an aggregate site area of approximately 81,171
square meters, located in Xinchang County, Zhejiang Province, PRC. The terms of these land use rights are due to expire on November 14,
2062. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Greenland held three building ownership certificates for three buildings with an aggregate gross floor area
of approximately 44,751 square meters. These properties are primarily used for production and office purposes. 

Properties
Leased by us 

As
of December 31, 2022, Greenland leased an office space with an aggregate floor area of approximately 1,440 square feet in New Jersey
and a monthly rent of 2,850. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Greenland leased an assembly space with an aggregate floor area of approximately 54,121 square feet in Maryland
and a monthly rent of 37,208. 

Greenland
will continue to pursue additional properties to further support the expansion of its HEVI business in the United States. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.
There are currently no legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or operating results, except the following matter. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

41 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information for Ordinary Shares 

Our
ordinary shares are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol GTEC. Our ordinary shares commenced public trading
on August 8, 2018. 

The
market price of our ordinary shares is subject to significant fluctuations in response to variations in our quarterly operating results,
general trends in the market, and other factors, over many of which we have little or no control. In addition, broad market fluctuations,
as well as general economic, business, and political conditions, may adversely affect the market for our ordinary shares, regardless
of our actual or projected performance. We cannot assure you that there will be a market for our ordinary shares in the future. 

As of March 30, 2023, the last sale price reported
on the Nasdaq Capital Market for our ordinary shares was approximately 1.58 per share. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
intend to retain all of our available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our subsidiaries business.
As such, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Shareholders
of Record 

As of March 28, 2023, we had 11 recorded holders
of our ordinary shares. This number excludes any estimate by us of the number of beneficial owners of shares held in street name, the
accuracy of which cannot be guaranteed. 

Effective
August 11, 1993, the SEC adopted Rule 15g-9, which established the definition of a penny stock, for purposes relevant to
the Company, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00
per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (i) that a broker
or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and (ii) that the broker or dealer receive from the investor
a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve
a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must (i) obtain financial information and investment
experience and objectives of the person; and (ii) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable
for that person and that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of
transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule
prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form, (i) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer
made the suitability determination; and (ii) states that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor
prior to the transaction. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in
secondary trading, and about commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for
the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements
have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in
penny stocks. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent for our ordinary shares is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, located at 1 State Street 30th Floor, New York,
NY 10004-1561. The telephone number of Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company is (212) 509-4000. 

42 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

For
information on the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan, please see Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have sales of unregistered securities other than those already disclosed
in the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and the current reports on Form 8-K, and the following transactions. 

On
October 24, 2020, our board of directors held a meeting and executed resolutions to approve the issuance of 120,000 ordinary shares to
Raymond Wang, our chief executive officer, to offset unpaid salary to him in the amount of 120,833.33 and the issuance of 135,000 ordinary
shares to Jing Jin, our chief financial officer, to offset unpaid salary to him in the amount of 60,000 and his personal loan to us
in the amount of 75,000. On November 10, 2020, we issued 135,000 ordinary shares to Jing Jin. On December 30, 2020 and February 8, 2021,
we issued 69,000 and 51,000 ordinary shares to Raymond Wang, respectively. 

On
March 29, 2021, our board of directors held a meeting and approved the issuance to 2,500 ordinary shares of the Company to each of the
Company s directors, namely Peter Zuguang Wang, Ming Zhao, Everett Xiaolin Wang, Frank Shen and Charles Athle Nelson, as compensation
for their services to the Company. On April 19, 2021, these shares were issued to the directors. 

On
April 16, 2021, our board of directors approved the issuance of 2,700 ordinary shares of the Company to Xiaqing Yang, an employee of
the Company, under the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. On the same date, the shares were issued to Xiaqing Yang. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

43 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF GREENLAND TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION 

The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations relates to the operations and financial condition
reported in the consolidated financial statements of the Company thereto, which appear elsewhere in this Report, and should be read in
conjunction with such financial statements and related notes included in this Report. Except for the historical information contained
herein, the following discussion, as well as other information in this Report, contain forward-looking statements, within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and are subject to the safe harbor 
created by those sections. Actual results and the timing of the events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking
statements due to many factors, including those discussed in the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements set
forth elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

The
Company was incorporated on December 28, 2017 as a British Virgin Islands Company with limited liability. The Company was incorporated
as a blank check company for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Following the Business Combination (as described below)
in October 2019, the Company changed its name from Greenland Acquisition Corporation to Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation. 

On
July 27, 2018, we consummated our initial public offering of 4,400,000 units, including a partial exercise by the underwriters of their
over-allotment option in the amount of 400,000 units. Each unit consists of one ordinary share, no par value, one warrant to purchase
one-half of one ordinary share, and one right to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the consummation of our initial business
combination, pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1. Warrants must be exercised in multiples of two warrants, and each two
warrants are exercisable for one ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The units were sold in our initial public offering
at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generated 44,000,000 (before underwriting discounts and offering expenses) in gross proceeds. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of our initial public offering, we completed a private placement of 282,000 units, issued to the Sponsor and Chardan,
which generated 2,820,000 in gross proceeds. We also sold to Chardan (and its designees), for 100, an option to purchase up to 240,000
units exercisable at 11.50 per unit (or an aggregate exercise price of 2,760,000) commencing on consummation of the Business Combination.
The unit purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and expires on July 24, 2023.
On February 18, 2021, Chardan exercised its option to purchase 120,000 units. As of the date of this Report, an option exercisable by
Chardan for 120,000 units is outstanding. 

On
October 24, 2019, we consummated our Business Combination with Zhongchai Holding following a special meeting, where the shareholders
of Greenland considered and approved, among other matters, a proposal to adopt and entered into the Share Exchange Agreement that
allowed Greenland to acquire from the Seller all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Zhongchai Holding in exchange for
7,500,000 newly issued ordinary shares, no par value of Greenland, issued to the Seller. As a result, the Seller became the controlling
shareholder of Greenland, and Zhongchai Holding became a directly and wholly owned subsidiary of Greenland. The Business Combination
was accounted for as a reverse merger effected by a share exchange, wherein Zhongchai Holding is considered the acquirer for accounting
and financial reporting purposes. 

44 

In
connection with the Business Combination, all the outstanding rights of the Company were converted into 468,200 ordinary shares on a
one-tenth (1/10) ordinary share per right basis if holders of the rights elected to convert their rights into the underlying ordinary
shares. 

On
December 17, 2019, the Company s warrants, which were trading under the ticker symbol GTECW, were delisted from the
Nasdaq Capital Market by the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Staff. 

On
January 14, 2020, HEVI was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. HEVI is a 100 owned subsidiary of Greenland. HEVI focuses
on the production and sale of electric industrial equipment, including electric industrial vehicles, for the North American market. 

Greenland
serves as the parent company to Zhongchai Holding. Through Zhongchai Holding and its subsidiaries, Greenland develops and manufactures
traditional transmission products for material handling machineries and electric industrial heavy equipment, including electric industrial
vehicles. 

Through its PRC subsidiaries, Greenland offers
transmission products, which are key components for forklift trucks used in manufacturing and logistic applications, such as factories,
workshops, warehouses, fulfilment centers, shipyards, and seaports. Forklifts play an important role in the logistic systems of many companies
across different industries in China and globally. Generally, industries with the largest demand for forklifts include the transportation,
warehousing logistics, electrical machinery, and automobile industries. Greenland s revenue decreased from approximately 98.84
million in the fiscal year 2021 to 90.83 million in the fiscal year 2022. The decrease in revenue was primarily the result of a decrease
in the Company s sales volume resulting from COVID-19 related lockdowns in China for the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on
our revenues in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we believe that Greenland is one of the major developers and manufacturers
of transmission products for small and medium-sized forklift trucks in China. 

Greenland s
transmission products are used in 1-ton to 15-tons forklift trucks, some with mechanical shift and some with automatic shift. Greenland
sells these transmission products directly to forklift-truck manufacturers. In the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Greenland
sold an aggregate of 129,686 and 141,431 sets of transmission products, respectively, to more than 100 forklift manufacturers in the
PRC. 

There
is increasing demand for electric industrial heavy equipment powered by sustainable energy in order to reduce air pollution and lower
carbon emissions. Utilizing Greenland s expertise in manufacturing and R D, it established HEVI in January 2020 to create clean
and sustainable products and services in the heavy industrial equipment industry that help organizations pursue a carbon neutral operation.
HEVI designs, develops, and manufactures electric heavy industrial equipment and accessories and sells them directly to the end consumers
in various markets in the United States. HEVI s product line available for purchase includes the GEL-5000 all-electric lithium
5.0-ton rated load wheeled front loader, GEL-1800 all-electric lithium 1.8-ton rated load wheeled front loader, the GEX-8000 all-electric
lithium 8.0-ton rated load excavator, and the GEF-series of electric lithium forklifts. In August 2022, HEVI launched a 54,000 square
foot industrial electric vehicle assembly site in Baltimore, Maryland to support local assembly, services and distribution of its product
line. 

Impact
of COVID-19 Pandemic on Our Operations and Financial Performance 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has severely affected global economy. In an effort to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, in the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, China and many other countries took precautionary measures, such as imposing travel restrictions, quarantining
individuals infected with or suspected of being infected with COVID-19, encouraging or requiring people to work remotely, and canceling
public activities, among others. 

In 2021 and 2022, a few waves of COVID-19 infections
emerged in various regions of China, and in response, the Chinese government implemented certain anti-COVID measures and protocols. However,
these scattered outbreaks were brought under control in a relatively short period of time, and the COVID-19 had limited impact on our
financial condition and results of operations in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we experienced rising raw material costs, which we believe to be short term as China lifted its COVID-19 protocols
and measures in December 2022. 

The
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to affect our operations and financial performance in the future will depend on future
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 

45 

Results
of Operations 

For
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Overview 

For the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Variance 

Revenues 
 90,830,674 
 98,839,900 
 (8,009,226 
 (8.1 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 70,995,940 
 79,246,280 
 (8,250,340 
 (10.4 
 
 Gross Profit 
 19,834,734 
 19,593,620 
 241,114 
 1.2 
 
 Selling expenses 
 2,630,226 
 1,868,156 
 762,070 
 40.8 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 5,459,020 
 3,948,850 
 1,510,170 
 38.2 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 5,786,946 
 5,526,546 
 260,400 
 4.7 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 13,876,192 
 11,343,552 
 2,532,640 
 22.3 
 
 Income from operations 
 5,958,542 
 8,250,068 
 (2,291,526 
 (27.8 
 
 Interest income 
 56,817 
 68,295 
 (11,478 
 (16.8 
 
 Interest expenses, net 
 (402,968 
 (587,264 
 184,296 
 (31.4 
 
 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 (1,511 
 1,785 
 (3,296 
 (184.6 
 
 Other income 
 1,705,506 
 1,378,597 
 326,909 
 23.7 
 
 Income before income tax 
 7,316,386 
 9,111,481 
 (1,795,095 
 (19.7 
 
 Income tax 
 699,691 
 1,843,260 
 (1,143,569 
 (62.0 
 
 Net income 
 6,616,695 
 7,268,221 
 (651,526 
 (9.0 

Components
of Results of Operations 

For the Fiscal Years ended December 31, 
 
 Component of Results of Operations 
 2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 90,830,674 
 98,839,900 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 70,995,940 
 79,246,280 
 
 Gross Profit 
 19,834,734 
 19,593,620 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 13,876,192 
 11,343,552 
 
 Net Income 
 6,616,695 
 7,268,221 

46 

Revenue 

Greenland s revenue decreased by approximately
 8.01 million, or approximately 8.1 , to approximately 90.83 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, from approximately
 98.84 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in revenue was primarily the result of a decrease in the Company s
sales volume resulting from COVID-19 related lockdowns in China for the year ended December 31, 2022. On an RMB basis, our revenue for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by approximately 3.7 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Greenland s cost of goods sold consists
primarily of material costs, freight charges, purchasing and receiving costs, inspection costs, warehousing costs, internal transfer costs,
wages, employee compensation, amortization, depreciation and related costs, which are directly attributable to Greenland s production
activities. The write down of inventory using net realizable value impairment test is also recorded in cost of goods sold. The total cost
of goods sold decreased by approximately 8.25 million, or approximately 10.4 , to approximately 71.00 million for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, from approximately 79.25 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of goods sold decreased in fiscal
year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 due to a decrease in our sales volume. 

Gross
Profit 

Greenland s gross profit increased by approximately
 0.24 million, or 1.2 , to approximately 19.83 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, from approximately 19.59 million
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Greenland s gross margin was
approximately 21.84 and 19.82 , respectively. The increase in gross margin in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 was primarily
due to a shift in Greenland s product mix towards higher value and more sophisticated products, such as hydraulic transmission products. 

Operating Expense 

Greenland s operating expenses consist of
selling expenses, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses. Greenland s operating expenses were
 13.88 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 22.3 from 11.34 million for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to the increase in after-sales service fees, advertising
and marketing expenses, consultancy fees, lease cost, and research and development expenses in fiscal year 2022. 

Selling Expenses 

Greenland s selling expenses mainly include
operating expenses such as sales staff payroll, traveling expenses and transportation expenses. Selling expenses increased by 0.76 million,
or 40.8 , to approximately 2.63 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, from approximately 1.87 million for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in selling expenses was mainly due to an increase in the after-sales service fees and advertising
and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

Greenland s general and administrative expenses
include management and office staff salaries and employee benefits, depreciation for office facility and office furniture and equipment,
travel and entertainment, legal and accounting, consulting fees and other office expenses. General and administrative expenses increased
by approximately 1.51 million, or approximately 38.2 , to approximately 5.46 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, from
approximately 3.95 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The fundamental reasons for the rise in the general and administrative
expenses were the following: (i) increased legal fees and consultancy fees on the Company s business planning and projects for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as the Company expanded its operations, compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021; (ii)
increase in staff salary; and (iii) increase in lease cost. 

47 

Research
and Development Expenses 

R D expenses consist of R D personnel
compensation, costs of materials used in R D projects, and depreciation costs for research-related equipment. R D expenses increased
by approximately 0.26 million, or 4.7 , to approximately 5.79 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, from approximately
 5.53 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily attributable to an increase in the Company s
R D investment in higher value and more sophisticated products and the electrification of machinery products. 

Income
from Operations 

As a result of the foregoing, income from operations
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 5.96 million, representing a decrease of approximately 2.29 million, from
approximately 8.25 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Interest
Income and Interest Expenses 

Greenland s interest income was approximately
 0.06 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, representing a decrease of approximately 0.01 million, or 16.8 , from approximately
 0.07 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in interest income was because less cash was deposited in banks
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Greenland s
interest expenses were approximately 0.40 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of approximately 0.19 million,
or 31.4 , as compared to approximately 0.59 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a
reduction of our short-term loans for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other
Income 

Greenland s other income was approximately
 1.71 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of approximately 0.33 million, or 23.7 , as compared to approximately
 1.38 million of other income for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in grant income
and an increase in industry research services offered by Zhongchai Holding for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Income
Taxes 

Greenland s
income tax was approximately 0.70 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 1.84 million for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Zhejiang
Zhongchai obtained a high-tech enterprise status near the end of the fiscal year of 2022. Such status allows Zhejiang Zhongchai
to enjoy a reduced statutory income tax rate of 15 , rather than the standard PRC corporate income tax rate of 25 . The high-tech
enterprise status is reevaluated by relevant Chinese government agencies every three years. Zhejiang Zhongchai s current
 high-tech enterprise will be reevaluated near the end of 2025. 

Greenland s other PRC subsidiaries are subject
to different income tax rates. Greenland s other PRC subsidiaries are subject to different income tax rates. Shanghai Hengyu, the
62.5 owned subsidiary of Zhongchai Holding, is subject to the 25 standard income tax rate. Hangzhou Greenland, the wholly owned subsidiary
of Zhongchai Holding, is subject to the 25 standard income tax rate. 

48 

Greenland
is a holding company registered in the British Virgin Islands and is not subject to tax on income or capital gains under the current
British Virgin Islands law. In addition, upon payment of dividends to its shareholders, the Company will not be subject to any British
Virgin Islands withholding tax. 

On
January 14, 2020, Greenland established HEVI, its wholly owned subsidiary in the state of Delaware. HEVI promotes sales of sustainable
alternative products for the heavy industrial equipment industry, including electric industrial vehicles, in the North American market.
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. federal government enacted the 2017 Tax Act. The 2017 Tax Act includes a number of changes in existing
tax law impacting businesses, including the transition tax, a one-time deemed repatriation of cumulative undistributed foreign earnings
and a permanent reduction in the U.S. federal statutory rate from 35 to 21 , effective on January 1, 2018. ASC 740 requires companies
to recognize the effect of tax law changes in the period of enactment, and accordingly, the effects must be recognized on companies 
calendar year-end financial statements, even though the effective date for most provisions is January 1, 2018. Since HEVI was established
in 2020, the one-time transition tax did not have any impact on the Company s tax provision and there was no undistributed accumulated
earnings and profits as of December 31, 2022. 

Net
Income 

As a result of the foregoing, Greenland s
net income was approximately 6.62 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, representing a decrease of approximately 0.65
million, from the net income of approximately 7.27 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Greenland
is a holding company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. Current PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends
to us only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition,
our PRC subsidiaries are required to set aside at least 10 of their respective accumulated profits each year, if any, to fund certain
reserve funds until the total amount set aside reaches 50 of their respective registered capital. Our PRC subsidiaries may also allocate
a portion of their after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to employee welfare and bonus funds at their discretion. These
reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. 

We
have funded working capital and other capital requirements primarily by equity contributions, cash flow from operations, short-term bank
loans and bank acceptance notes, and long-term bank loans. Cash is required primarily to purchase raw materials, repay debts and pay
salaries, office expenses, income taxes and other operating expenses. 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our PRC subsidiary, Zhejiang Zhongchai, paid off approximately 10.79 million in bank loan,
approximately 2.16 million in related parties loan, and maintained 19.73 million cash on hand. For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2021, our PRC subsidiary, Zhejiang Zhongchai, paid off approximately 18.72 million in bank loan, approximately 4.05 million in related
parties loan, approximately 0.31 million in third parties loan, and maintained 17.80 million cash on hand. We plan to maintain the
current debt structure and rely on governmentally supported loans with lower cost, if necessary. 

Government subsidies mainly consist of an incentive
granted by the Chinese government to encourage transformation of fixed assets in China and other miscellaneous subsidies from the Chinese
government. Government subsidies are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the subsidy will be received and all conditions
be completed. Total government subsidies recorded under long-term liabilities were 1.81 million and 2.21 million as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company currently plans to fund its operations mainly through cash flow from its operations, renewal of bank borrowings, additional equity
financing, and continuation of financial support from its shareholders and affiliates controlled by its principal shareholders, if necessary.
The Company might implement a stricter policy on sales to less creditworthy customers and plans to continue to improve its collection
efforts on accounts with outstanding balances. The Company is actively working with customers and suppliers and expects to fully collect
the remaining balance. 

We believe that the Company has sufficient cash,
even with uncertainty in the Company s manufacturing and sale of electric industrial heavy equipment in the future and decline on
sale of transmission products. However, our capital contribution from existing funding sources, to operate for the next 12 months will
be sufficient. We remain confident and expect to continue to generate positive cash flow from our operations. 

49 

We
may need additional cash resources in the future, if the Company experiences failure in collecting account receivables, changes in business
condition, changes in financial condition, or other developments. We may also need additional cash resources, if the Company wishes to
pursue opportunities for investment, acquisition, strategic cooperation, or other similar actions. If the Company s management
and its board of directors determine that the cash required for specific corporate activities exceed Greenland s cash and cash
equivalents on hand, the Company may issue debt or equity securities to raise cash. 

Historically, we have expended considerable resources
on building a new factory and paid off a considerable amount of debt, resulting in less available cash. However, we anticipate that our
cash flow will continue to improve for fiscal year 2023. More specifically, Zhejiang Zhongchai has completed the construction of a new
factory, and our PRC subsidiaries have received COVID-19 related government subsidies. Furthermore, Zhejiang Zhongchai pledged the deed
of its new factory as a collateral to banks in order to obtain additional loans, refinance expiring loans, restructure short-term loans,
and fund other working capital needs upon acceptable terms to Greenland. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

Cash equivalents refers to all highly liquid investments
purchased with original maturity of three months or less. As of December 31, 2022, Greenland had approximately 16.30 million of cash
and cash equivalents, an increase of approximately 5.24 million, or 47.30 , as compared to approximately 11.06 million as of December
31, 2021. The increase of cash and cash equivalents was mainly due to a decrease in accounts receivable and notes receivable, as compared
to that as of December 31, 2021. 

Restricted
Cash 

Restricted
cash represents the amount held by a bank as security for bank acceptance notes and therefore is not available for use until the bank
acceptance notes are fulfilled or expired, which typically takes less than twelve months. As of December 31, 2022, Greenland had approximately
 3.43 million of restricted cash, a decrease of approximately 3.31 million, or 49.05 , as compared to approximately 6.74 million as
of December 31, 2021. The decrease of restricted cash was due to a decrease in mortgaged assets. 

Accounts
Receivable 

As of December 31, 2022, Greenland had approximately
 14.34 million of accounts receivables, a decrease of approximately 1.58 million, or 9.91 , as compared to approximately 15.92 million
as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in accounts receivables was due to our accelerated efforts in receivables collections and a decrease
in our sales volume. 

Greenland
recorded approximately 0.76 million and 0.86 million of provision for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Greenland conducted an aging analysis of each customer s delinquent payments to determine whether allowance for doubtful accounts
is adequate. In establishing the allowance for doubtful accounts, Greenland considers historical experience, economic environment, and
expected collectability of past due receivables. An estimate of doubtful accounts is recorded when collection of the full amount is no
longer probable. When bad debts are identified, such debts are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts. Greenland will
continuously assess its potential losses based on the credit history of and relationships with its customers on a regular basis to determine
whether its bad debt allowance on its accounts receivables is adequate. Greenland believes that its collection policies are generally
in line with the transmissions industry s standard in the PRC. 

50 

Due
from Related Party 

Due from related party was 36.67 million and
 39.68 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The balance of due from related parties as of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 consisted primarily of other receivables from Cenntro Holding Limited in the amount of 36.46 million and 39.46
million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Notes
Receivable 

As
of December 31, 2022, Greenland had approximately 28.75 million of notes receivables, which will be collected by us within twelve months.
The decrease was approximately 8.80 million, or 23.44 , as compared to approximately 37.55 million as of December 31, 2021. 

Working
Capital 

Our working capital was approximately 66.16 million
as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 53.84 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase in working capital of 12.32 million in the
fiscal year 2022 as compared with the fiscal year 2021 was primarily contributed to a decrease in notes payable and accounts payable. 

Cash
Flow 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash provided by(used in) operating activities 
 7,313,245 
 (5,755,940 
 
 Net cash provided by(used in) investing activities 
 33,693 
 (638,980 
 
 Net cash provided by(used in) financing activities 
 (4,284,479 
 14,462,981 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 3,062,459 
 8,068,063 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,134,295 
 329,778 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 17,800,892 
 9,403,053 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 19,729,056 
 17,800,892 

Operating
Activities 

Greenland s net cash provided by/(used in)
operating activities was approximately 7.31 and (5.76) million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the
main sources of cash inflow from operating activities were net income of 6.62 million, changes in notes receivable of 6.07 million,
and depreciation and amortization of 2.44 million. The main causes of changes in cash outflow were changes in other current and noncurrent
assets of approximately 7.80 million and changes in accounts payable of 2.08 million. 

In
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the main sources of cash inflow from operating activities were net income of 7.27 million,
changes in accounts payable of 6.46 million, and depreciation and amortization of 2.51 million. The main causes of changes in cash
outflow were changes in notes receivable of approximately 5.95 million and changes in inventories of 9.97 million. 

51 

Investing
Activities 

Investing activities resulted a cash inflow of
approximately 0.03 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Cash provided by investing activities for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022 was mainly due to 0.81 million in proceeds from government subsidies for Zhejiang Zhongchai s construction activities,
offset by approximately 0.53 million used for purchases of long-term assets and approximately 0.25 million used for investment in a
joint venture. 

Investing
activities resulted a cash outflow of approximately 0.64 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in investing
activities for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 was mainly due to 0.26 million in proceeds from government subsidies for Zhejiang
Zhongchai s construction activities, offset by approximately 0.90 million used for purchases of long-term assets. 

Financing
Activities 

Financing
activities resulted a cash outflow of approximately 4.28 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which was mainly attributable
to repayment of loans due to third parties in the amount of approximately 2.16 million, repayment of notes payable in the amount of
approximately 10.85 million and repayment of short-term bank loans in the amount of approximately 10.79 million. Such amounts were
further offset by approximately 11.70 million in proceeds from short-term bank loans and approximately 9.20 million in proceeds from
equity and debt financing. 

Financing
activities resulted a cash inflow of approximately 14.46 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was mainly attributable
to approximately 8.67 million in proceeds from short-term bank loans, approximately 5.39 million in investment proceeds from an entity
with non-controlling interests, and approximately 8.21 million in proceeds from equity and debt financing. Such amounts were further
offset by repayment of loans due to third parties in the amount of approximately 4.05 million, and repayment of short-term bank loans
in the amount of approximately 18.72 million. 

Credit
Risk 

Credit
risk is one of the most significant risks for Greenland s business. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and derived from
revenues earned from customers, thereby exposing Greenland to credit risk. Credit risk is controlled by the application of credit approvals,
limits, and monitoring procedures. Greenland identifies credit risk collectively based on industry, geography, and customer type. This
information is monitored regularly by the Company s management. In measuring the credit risk of sales to customers, Greenland mainly
reflects the probability of default by the customer on its contractual obligations and considers the current financial
position of the customer and the exposures to the customer and its future development. 

Liquidity
Risk 

Greenland
is exposed to liquidity risk when it is unable to provide sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet its commitments and/or business
needs. Liquidity risk is managed by the application of financial position analysis to test if Greenland is in danger of liquidity issues
and also by application of monitoring procedures to constantly monitor its conditions and movements. When necessary, Greenland resorts
to other financial institutions to obtain additional short-term funding to meet the liquidity shortage. 

Inflation
Risk 

Greenland
is also exposed to inflation risk. Inflationary factors, such as increases in raw material and overhead costs, could impair Greenland s
operating results. Although Greenland does not believe that inflation has had a material impact on its financial position or results
of operations to date, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on its ability to maintain current levels of
gross margin and operating expenses as a percentage of sales revenues if the selling prices of its products do not increase with such
increased costs. 

52 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In applying accounting principles, it is often required to
use estimates. These estimates consider the facts, circumstances and information available, and may be based on subjective inputs, assumptions
and information known and unknown to us. Material changes in certain of the estimates that we use could potentially affect, by a material
amount, our consolidated financial position and results of operations. Although results may vary, we believe our estimates are reasonable
and appropriate. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data for a summary of our significant accounting policies. The following describes certain of our significant accounting policies
that involve more subjective and complex judgments where the effect on our consolidated financial position and operating performance
could be material. 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the Company recognizes revenues when goods or services
are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those
goods or services. In determining when and how revenues are recognized from contracts with customers, the Company performs the following
five-step analysis: (i) identification of contract with customer (ii) determination of performance obligations (iii) measurement
of the transaction price (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations, and (v) recognition of revenues
when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. The Company derives revenues from the processing, distribution and sale
of its products. The Company recognizes its revenues net of VAT. The Company is subject to VAT which had been levied at the rate of 17 
on the invoiced value of sales until April 30, 2018, after which date the rate was reduced to 16 . VAT rate was further reduced to 13 
starting from April 1, 2019. Output VAT is borne by customers in addition to the invoiced value of sales and input VAT is borne by the
Company in addition to the invoiced value of purchases to the extent not refunded for export sales. 

Revenues
are recognized at a point in time once the Company has determined that the customer has obtained control over the product. Control is
typically deemed to have been transferred to the customer when the performance obligation is fulfilled, usually at the time of customers 
acceptance or consumption, at the net sales price (transaction price) and each of the criteria under ASC 606 have been met. Contract
terms may require the Company to deliver the finished goods to the customers location or the customer may pick up the finished
goods at the Company s factory. International sales are recognized when shipment clears customs and leaves the port. 

The
Company has adopted ASC 606 on January 1, 2018, using the transition method of Modified-Retrospective Method MRM ). The
adoption of ASC 606 had no impact on the Company s beginning balance of retained earnings. 

The
Company s contracts are all short-term in nature with a contract term of one year or less. Receivables are recorded when the Company
has an unconditional right to consideration. 

Business
Combination 

On
October 24, 2019, we consummated our Business Combination with Zhongchai Holding following a special meeting, where the shareholders
of Greenland considered and approved, among other matters, a proposal to adopt and entered into the Share Exchange Agreement, dated as
of July 12, 2019, among (i) Greenland, (ii) Zhongchai Holding, (iii) the Sponsor in the capacity as the Purchaser Representative, and
(iv) Cenntro Holding Limited, the sole member of Zhongchai Holding. 

Pursuant
to the Share Exchange Agreement, Greenland acquired from the Seller all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Zhongchai Holding
in exchange for 7,500,000 newly issued ordinary shares, no par value of Greenland, to the Seller. As a result, the Seller became the
controlling shareholder of Greenland, and Zhongchai Holding became a directly and wholly owned subsidiary of Greenland. The Business
Combination was accounted for as a reverse merger effected by a share exchange, wherein Zhongchai Holding is considered the acquirer
for accounting and financial reporting purposes. 

Pursuant
to the Finder Agreement, 50,000 newly issued ordinary shares issued to Zhou Hanyi is the finder fee for the Business Combination. 

53 

Inventories 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which is based on estimated selling prices less any further costs expected to
be incurred for completion and disposal. Cost of raw materials is calculated using the weighted average method and is based on purchase
cost. Work-in-progress and finished goods costs are determined using the weighted average method and comprise direct materials, direct
labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes following the liability method pursuant to FASB ASC 740 Income Taxes . Under this method,
deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company
records a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not
that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rate is recognized
in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The
Company also follows FASB ASC 740, which addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax
return should be recorded in the financial statements. The Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only
if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical
merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the
largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. ASC 740 also provides guidance
on recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures.
As of December 31, 2021, the Company did not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. It is the Company s policy to include
penalties and interest expense related to income taxes as a component of other expense and interest expense, respectively, as necessary.
The Company s historical tax years will remain open for examination by the local authorities until the statute of limitations has
passed. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

Pursuant
to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act ), an emerging growth company is provided the option to adopt new
or revised accounting standards that may be issued by FASB or the SEC either (i) within the same periods as those otherwise applicable
to non-emerging growth companies or (ii) within the same time periods as private companies. We intend to continue to take advantage of
the exemption for complying with new or revised accounting standards within the same time periods as private companies. Accordingly,
the information contained herein may be different than the information you receive from other public companies. We also intend to continue
to take advantage of some of the reduced regulatory and reporting requirements of emerging growth companies pursuant to the JOBS Act
so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation, and exemptions
from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and golden parachute payments. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Certain
information regarding this Item is contained in Item 7 under the headings Credit Risk, Liquidity Risk, and
 Inflation Risk. 

54 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

INDEX 

Report of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 1171) 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of
 Income and Comprehensive Income 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of
 Shareholders Equity 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of
 Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To: Shareholders
 and Board of Directors 

Greenland
Technologies Holding Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive incomes, changes in shareholders 
equity, and cash flows for the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the two-year period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ WWC, P.C. . Certified Public Accountants 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since November 16, 2020. 

(PCAOB
ID # 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(IN
U.S. DOLLARS) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Short Term Investment 

Notes receivable 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 

Inventories 

Due from related parties-current 

Advance to suppliers 

Prepayments and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Non-current asset 

Property, plant, equipment and construction in progress, net 

Land use rights, net 

Other intangible assets 
 
 -

Long term investment 
 
 -

Deferred tax assets 

Goodwill 
 -

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other non-current assets 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

F- 3 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Continued) 

(IN
U.S. DOLLARS) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Current Liabilities 

Short-term bank loans 

Notes payable-bank acceptance notes 

Accounts payable 

Taxes payables 

Customer deposits 

Due to related parties 

Other current liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Lease obligations - current 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Long term operating lease liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

EQUITY 

Ordinary shares, no par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 -
 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 

Statutory reserves 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total shareholders equity 

Non-controlling interest 

TOTAL EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(IN
U.S. DOLLARS) 

For
the years ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES 

COST OF GOODS SOLD 

GROSS PROFIT 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Total operating expenses 

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Other income/(loss) 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX 

INCOME TAX 

NET INCOME 

LESS: NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTEREST 

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO GREENLAND TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS): 

Unrealized foreign currency translation income (loss) attribute to Greenland technologies holding corporation and subsidiaries 

Unrealized foreign currency translation income (loss) attribute to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive income 

Noncontrolling interest 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE ORDINARY SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic and diluted

NET INCOME PER ORDINARY SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY: 

Basic and diluted

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHARE HOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(IN
U.S. DOLLARS) 

Ordinary Shares 

Additional 

Accumulated 
Other 

Non- 

No Par Value 

Paid-in 

Comprehensive 

Statutory 

Retained 

controlling 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income/(loss) 

Reserve 

Earnings 

Interest 

Total 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

-

() 

Restricted stock grant 

-

-

-

-

-

Sale of stock and warrants 

-

-

-

-

-

Debt of the cancelled company 

- 

-

-

-

-

Proceeds from NCI's Investment 

- 

-

-

-

-

-

Net income 

- 

-

-

-

-

Transfer to statutory reserve 

- 

-

-

-

() 

-

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

-

-

-

-

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

-

Sale of stock and warrants 

-

-

-

-

-

Net income 

- 

-

-

-

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

-

-

() 

-

-

() 

() 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

-

() 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(IN
U.S. DOLLARS) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Increase in allowance for doubtful accounts 

Increase in provision for inventory 

Deferred tax assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase (Decrease) In: 

Accounts receivable 

Notes receivable 

Inventories 

Advance to suppliers 

Other current and noncurrent assets 

Increase (Decrease) In: 

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Other current liabilities 

Income tax payables 

Due to related parties 

Long-term payables - unamortized deferred financing costs 

Other long-term liabilities 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021
(Continued) 

(AUDITED,
IN U.S. DOLLARS) 

For the years ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of Long-term assets 

Proceeds from government grants for construction 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 
 -

Investment in a joint venture 
 
 -

NET CASH USED BY INVESTING ACTIVITES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from short-term bank loans 

Repayments of short-term bank loans 

Notes payable 

Proceeds from related parties 

Repayment of loans from related parties 

Repayment of loans from third parties 

Proceeds from third parties 
 -

Payment of principal on financing lease obligation 

Proceeds from equity and debt financing 

Proceeds from NCI's Investment 
 -

Restricted stock grant 
 -

NET CASH PROVIDED/(USED) IN FINANCING ACTIVITES 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

Bank balances and cash 

Bank balances and cash included in assets classified as restricted cash 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Income taxes paid 

Interest paid 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in the fiscal year 2021 to million in the fiscal year 2022. The decrease in
revenue was primarily the result of a decrease in the Company s sales volume resulting from COVID-19 related lockdowns in China
for the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on the revenues in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Greenland believes
that it is one of the major developers and manufacturers of transmission products for small and medium-sized forklift trucks in China. 

and sets of transmission products, respectively, to 

F- 9 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES (CONTINUED) 

of Greenland s outstanding ordinary shares. Cenntro Holding Limited
is controlled and beneficially owned by Mr. Peter Zuguang Wang, the chairman of the board of directors of the Company. 

of Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Zhongchai ),
 of Shanghai Hengyu Business Management Consulting Co., Ltd. Hengyu ), of Hangzhou Greenland Energy Technologies
Co., Ltd Co., Ltd Hangzhou Greenland ), of HEVI (formerly known as Greenland Technologies Corp.) and of Hengyu
Capital, Ltd. Hengyu Capital ). 

F- 10 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES (CONTINUED) 

Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., Ltd. 

Shanghai Hengyu Business Management Consulting Co., Ltd. 

Hangzhou Greenland Energy Technologies Co., Ltd. 

HEVI Corp. 

Hengyu Capital, Ltd 

F- 11 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

shares of Greenland in exchange for all the share capital, which is reflected retroactively to December 31, 2017 and will be utilized
for calculating earnings per share in all prior periods. No step-up basis of intangible assets or goodwill was recorded in the Business
Combination transaction consistent with the treatment of the transaction as a reverse capitalization of Zhongchai Holding. 

F- 12 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Period average RMB: US exchange rate 

F- 13 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

million and
 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

years 

Machinery
 and equipment 

~ years 

Motor
 vehicles 

years 

Office
 equipment 

~ years 

Fixed
 assets decoration 

years 

F- 14 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

. 

. 

Usually within four months prior to the expiration
date of a lease, the Company is required to notify the lessor and has a priority to continue renting the lease property if a lessor intends
to lease property. The lease itself does not have restrictions or covenants. Any damage, if made by the lessee, to the property and equipment
within the property has to been fixed or reimbursed by the lessee. The Company does not have any leases entered into that have not yet
commenced. Under the terms of the lease agreements, the Company has no legal or contractual asset retirement obligations at the end of
the leases. 

F- 15 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

and of the total revenue of Greenland for the years ended December 31, 2022. 

Transmission boxes for Non-Forklift (EV, etc.) 

Total 

F- 16 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Research and
development costs are incurred on a project specific basis. 

million and million as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. ASC 740 also provides guidance
on recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. It is the Company s policy
to include penalties and interest expense related to income taxes as a component of other expense and interest expense, respectively,
as necessary. The Company s historical tax years will remain open for examination by the local authorities until the statute of
limitations has passed. 

F- 17 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

A credit is available whereby VAT paid on the
purchases of semi-finished products or raw materials used in the production of the Company s finished products can be used to offset
the VAT due on the sales of the finished products. 

of its annual after-tax profit to the General Reserve Fund until
the balance of such fund has reached of its respective registered capital. A non-wholly-owned foreign invested enterprise is permitted
to provide for the above allocation at the discretion of its board of directors. Appropriations to the Enterprise Expansion Fund and
Staff Welfare and Bonus Fund are at the discretion of the board of directors for all foreign invested enterprises. The aforementioned
reserves can only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. 

shares in exchange for all the share capital of Zhongchai Holding, which is reflected retroactively to December 31, 2017 and will be
utilized for calculating earnings per share in all prior periods. The per share amounts have been updated to show the effect of the exchange
on earnings per share as if the exchange occurred at the beginning of both years for the annual financial statements of the Company.
The impact of the stock exchange is also shown on the Company s Statements of Shareholders Equity. 

F- 18 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

of the voting interest of an entity; c) management, which are persons having responsibility for achieving objectives of the
entity and requisite authority to make decision; d) immediate family of management or principal owners; e) a parent company and its subsidiaries;
and f) other parties that have ability to significant influence the management or operating policies of the entity. The Company discloses
all significant related party transactions. 

F- 19 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

F- 20 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively. On July
1, 2021, the Company entered into a financial management agreement with Zhejiang Jilin Electronic Technology Co., LTD, pursuant to which
Zhejiang Jilin Electronic Technology Co., LTD agreed to make short term investments with the amount contributed by the Company during
the period from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2023. The Company contributed a total of under this agreement. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company purchased bank management products in a total amount of (RMB ). As of December 31,
2022, the fair value of the Company s bank management products and the financial management agreement with Zhejiang Jilin Electronic
Technology Co., LTD were (RMB and .The Company has recognized and measured these short-term investments
as Level 2 assets based on the fair value hierarchy framework. 

Company B 

Total Revenues 

Company B 

Company C 

Total 

and of total accounts receivable balances as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

of the Company s total purchases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

F- 21 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
5 ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED) 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Effect of FX change 

Ending balance 

Revolving material 

Consigned processing material 

Work-in-progress 

Finished goods 

Less: inventory impairment 

Inventories, net 

-

(Release of) inventory write-downs 

Effect of FX change 

Ending balance 

Commercial notes receivable 

Total 

million to Bank of Communications as a means of security for issuance of bank acceptance
notes in an aggregate amount of million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company pledged notes receivable for an aggregate amount
of million to Bank of Communications as a means of security for issuance of bank acceptance notes in an aggregate amount of 
million. The Company expects to collect notes receivable within months. 

F- 22 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Machinery 

Motor vehicles 

Electronic equipment 

Fixed assets decoration 
 -
 
 -

Total property plant and equipment, at cost 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Construction in process 

Total 

million and million, respectively, of which
 million and million, respectively, was included in cost of revenue and inventories, and the remainder was included in general
and administrative expense, respectively. 

million and million of construction in progress were converted into fixed assets. 

Machinery, net 
 -

Total 

million 
million) as security to ABC Xinchang and Rural Commercial Bank of PRC Co., Ltd., for loan facilities with an aggregate maximum
principal amount of RMB million. 

million (RMB 
million) and the Company entered into lease agreements under which the Company agreed to lease back each of the properties for an initial
term of years. 

million (RMB million) and the Company entered into lease agreements under which the
Company agreed to lease back each of the properties for an initial term of years. 

million (RMB million) and the Company entered into lease agreements under which the Company agreed
to lease back each of the properties for an initial term of years. 

F- 23 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Land use rights, net 

million, which were pledged as collateral for the
Company s short-term bank loans. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had land use rights with net book value of million,
which were pledged as collateral for the Company s short-term bank loans. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Total 

to from the date of issuance, were secured by million and 
million restricted cash, million and million notes receivable, and million and land use rights, as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

of the principal amount as commission, included in the financial expenses in the
statement of operations, on each loan transaction. The interest charge of notes payable is free. 

F- 24 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Infrastructure Equipment 

Freight fee 

Total 

Unsecured bank loans 

Total 

Operating Loans 

Operating Loans 

Operating Loans 

Operating Loans 

Operating Loans 

Operating Loans 

Operating Loans 

Operating Loans 

Operating Loans 

Operating Loans 

. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The Company was in compliance with its financial covenants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 25 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Other tax payables 

Other payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total 

Total 

million, as compared to December 31,
2021. The change was mainly due to timing of incurring qualifying expenses. 

years and years, respectively.
Usually within four months prior to the expiration date of a lease, the Company is required to notify the lessor and has a priority to
continue renting the lease property if a lessor intends to lease property. The lease itself does not have restrictions or covenants.
Any damage, if made by the lessee, to the property and equipment within the property has to been fixed or reimbursed by the lessee. Supplemental
cash flow information related to leases for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating leases 

F- 26 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 15 LEASES (CONTINUED) 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Long-term payables non-current portion 
 -
 
 -

Total 
 -

million (RMB 
million) and the Company entered into lease agreements under which the Company agreed to lease back each of the properties for an initial
term of years. 

million (RMB million) and the Company entered into lease agreements under which the
Company agreed to lease back each of the properties for an initial term of years. 

million (RMB million). The Company also entered into lease agreements under which the Company agreed
to lease back each of the properties for an initial term of years. 

F- 27 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and 
ordinary shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

units, including a partial exercise by the underwriters
of their over-allotment option in the amount of units. 

units, issued to Greenland
Asset Management Corporation (the Sponsor and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC Chardan ). 

newly issued ordinary shares, no par value of Greenland, to be issued to Cenntro Holding Limited (the Exchange
Shares ). As a result, Cenntro Holding Limited became the controlling shareholder of Greenland, and Zhongchai Holding became a
directly and wholly owned subsidiary of Greenland. The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse merger effected by a share
exchange, wherein Zhongchai Holding is considered the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes. The recapitalization
of the number of ordinary shares attributable to the purchase of Zhongchai Holding in connection with the Business Combination is reflected
retroactively to December 31, 2017 and will be utilized for calculating earnings per share in all prior periods presented. The impact
of the stock exchange is also shown on the Company s Statements of Shareholders Equity. 

newly issued ordinary shares were issued to Zhou Hanyi as
a finder s fee for the Business Combination. 

F- 28 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
17 SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

ordinary share upon consummation of the Business Combination. 

ordinary shares as a result of the Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 90
days from the consummation of a Business Combination, the holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Public Warrants
on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If an exemption
from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants
will expire from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 29 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
17 SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the units sold in the Initial
Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants are not
transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions.
Additionally, the Private Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial
purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

Warrants outstanding, including Public Warrants held by CEDE CO,
and and Private Warrants held by Chardan and the Sponsor, respectively. 

, an option to purchase up to units exercisable at 
per unit (or an aggregate exercise price of ), commencing on the consummation of the Business Combination. The unit purchase
option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and expires July 24, 2023. The units issuable
upon exercise of the option are identical to those offered in the initial public offering. The Company accounted for the unit purchase
option, inclusive of the receipt of cash payment, as an expense of the initial public offering resulting in a charge directly to
shareholders equity. The option and such units purchased pursuant to the option, as well as the ordinary shares underlying such
units, the rights included in such units, the ordinary shares that are issuable for the rights included in such units, the warrants included
in such units, and the shares underlying such warrants, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day
lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110(g) (1) of FINRA s Nasdaq Conduct Rules. Additionally, the option may not be sold, transferred, assigned,
pledged or hypothecated for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180-day period) following the date of initial public offering
except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the initial public offering and their bona fide officers or partners.
The option grants to holders demand and piggy back rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective
date of the registration statement with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of the securities directly
and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option. The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities,
other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units issuable
upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or the Company s
recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares
at a price below its exercise price. As of December 31, 2022, an option exercisable by Chardan for units is outstanding. 

F- 30 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
18 EARNINGS PER SHARE (CONTINUED) 

Weighted average basic and diluted computation shares outstanding: 

Weighted average shares used in basic computation 

Diluted effect of stock options and warrants 

Weighted average shares used in diluted computation 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

International Sales 

Total 

. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was lower than the PRC
tax rate of primarily due to the China Super R D deduction. 

. The effective tax rate for the year
ended December 31, 2021 was lower than the PRC tax rate of primarily due to the China Super R D deduction. 

unrecognized benefit as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. On the information currently
available, the Company does not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to its unrecognized benefit within the next 12 months. 

F- 31 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding
amount of the short-term bank loan under this pledge contract was RMB million and RMB million, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding amount of the
short-term bank loan under this pledge contract was RMB million and RMB million, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding amount of the short-term bank loan
under this pledge contract was RMB million and RMB million, respectively. 

. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

F- 32 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Cenntro
 Holding Limited 

Zhejiang
 Kangchen Biotechnology Co., Ltd. 

Cenntro
 Smart Manufacturing Tech. Co., Ltd. 

Zhejiang
 Zhonggong Machinery Co., Ltd. 

Xinchang
 County Jiuxin Investment Management Partnership (LP) 

Zhuhai
 Hengzhong Industrial Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) 

Hangzhou
 Cenntro Autotech Co., Limited 

Peter
 Zuguang Wang 

Greenland
 Asset Management Corporation 

Hangzhou
 Jiuru Economic Information Consulting Co. Ltd 

Xinchang
 County Jiuhe Investment Management Partnership (LP) 

Cenntro
 Automotive Corporation 

Cenntro Smart Manufacturing Tech. Co., Ltd. 2 

Zhuhai Hengzhong Industrial Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) 3 

Cenntro Holding Limited 4 

Cenntro Automotive Corporation 4 
 -

Xinchang County Jiuxin Investment Management Partnership (LP) 4 
 -

Hangzhou Jiuru Economic Information Consulting Co. Ltd 4 

Total 

F- 33 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
22 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED) 

Cenntro Holding Limited 

Total 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 34 

GREENLAND
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
22 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED) 

Cenntro Holding Limited 
 -

Zhuhai Hengzhong Industrial Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) 

Peter Zuguang Wang 
 -

Cenntro Smart Manufacturing Tech. Co., Ltd. 

Zhuhai Hengzhong Industrial Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) 

Xinchang County Jiuxin Investment Management Partnership (LP) 

Cenntro Smart Manufacturing Tech. Co., Ltd. 

Peter Zuguang Wang 
 -

Cenntro Holding Limited 
 -

Zhejiang Kangchen Biotechnology Co., Ltd 
 -

F- 35 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls, as under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, defined are procedures that are designed with the
objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this report, is
recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also
designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report, our management, under the supervision and with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures. 

Based
on the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls
and procedures were ineffective. They reached this conclusion due to the presence of material weakness in internal controls over financial
reporting as described below. Greenland s management anticipates that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures will
remain ineffective until such material weaknesses are remediated. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such item is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of its management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, we conducted an evaluation on the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on the evaluation under this framework,
Greenland s management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of the evaluation
date due to the following material weakness: 

The
 lack of sufficient and competent financial reporting and accounting personnel with appropriate knowledge of U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting
 requirements to prepare consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting
 requirements. 

Based
on the above factors, management concluded that our insufficient knowledge of U.S. GAAP and SEC rules represents a material weakness
in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

55 

As
a result, the Company has developed a remedial plan to strengthen its accounting and financial reporting functions. To strengthen the
Company s internal control over financial reporting, the Company expects to implement the following remedial actions during fiscal
year 2023: 

developing
 and formalizing of key accounting and financial reporting policies and procedures; 

recruiting
 more financial reporting and accounting personnel who have adequate U.S. GAAP knowledge; 

training
 key position staff by U.S. accountant with U.S. corporate accounting experiences, and gaining additional knowledge and professional
 skills about SEC regulations and U.S. GAAP; 

planning
 to acquire additional resources to strengthen the financial reporting function and set up a financial and system control framework;
 and 

establishing
 effective oversight and clarifying reporting requirements for non-recurring and complex transactions to ensure consolidated financial
 statements and related disclosures are accurate, complete and in compliance with U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting requirements. 

Inherent
Limitations on Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including
the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate
misconduct completely. Accordingly, any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed
and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate
for our business, but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over
financial reporting. 

Notwithstanding
the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting because we are an emerging growth company as defined under the JOBS Act. Our management s report was not subject to attestation
by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s
report in this Report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable. 

56 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information regarding each of our current directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Peter
 Zuguang Wang (5) 
 
 68 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 Raymond
 Z. Wang 
 
 39 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President 
 
 Jing
 Jin 
 
 39 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Ming
 Zhao (1)(4) 
 
 46 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Charles
 Athle Nelson (1)(2)(3)(4) 
 
 70 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Everett
 Xiaolin Wang (2)(3)(4) 
 
 61 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Frank
 Shen (1)(2)(3)(5) 
 
 53 
 
 Independent
 Director 

(1) 
 Member
 of the audit committee 

(2) 
 Member
 of the compensation committee 

(3) 
 Member
 of the nominating and corporate governance committee 

(4) 
 Class
 I director 

(5) 
 Class
 II director 

Mr. Peter Zuguang Wang has served
as the chairman of the board of directors of the Company since October 24, 2019. In addition, Mr. Wang has served as Zhongchai Holding s
sole director since its inception in April, 2009. He has also served as the Chief Executive Officer of Cenntro Automotive Group, a company
that designs and manufactures all-electric utility vehicles for sale in the United States, Europe and the PRC, since February 2013.
Mr. Peter Wang has served as the president of Shangri-La Plantation LLC since August 2002. Mr. Peter Wang has served as the chief executive
officer and chairman of the board of directors of Cenntro Electric Group Limited, a Nasdaq listed company (Nasdaq: CENN) since its inception
in May 2017. Mr. Wang has also served as the managing director of Cenntro Holding Limited and Cenntro Enterprises Limited since December
2005 and October 2020, respectively. Mr. Wang earned his dual Bachelor of Science degrees in Mathematics and Computer Science and
Master of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from University of Illinois at Chicago in 1983. He received a Master of Business Administration
degree in Marketing from Nova South-eastern University. 

Mr. Raymond Z. Wang has served as
our Chief Executive Officer and President since October 24, 2019. He has also served as the Chief Executive Officer of Zhongchai Holding
since April 2019 and the Chief Executive Officer of HEVI Corp. since January 2020. From February 2019 to November 2020, Mr. Wang
served as Chairman of the board of ONE Project, a non-profit organization that unifies local communities to collectively tackle social
issues such as hunger. From November 2017 to March 2019, Mr. Wang was the President of Devirra Corporation, a warehousing management
and logistic company. From August 2007 to July 2017, Mr. Wang worked as the Vice President at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, developing
a client acquisition channel for an online platform. From December 2005 to March 2007, Mr. Wang served as the Financial Advisor at
Cowan Financial Group, a full-service financial planning and consulting firm, in New York. Mr. Wang received his Bachelor s
degree in Economics from Rutgers University. 

Mr.
Jing Jin has served as our Chief Financial Officer since October 24, 2019. He has also served as the Chief Financial Officer
of Zhongchai Holding since August 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Jin served as the Chief Financial Officer of Tantech Holdings Ltd. (Nasdaq:
TANH), a manufacturer of bamboo-based charcoal products in the PRC, from May 2016 to June 2019. From January 2014 to February 2015,
Mr. Jin served as Senior Adviser for AAIC (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., a consulting company in the PRC, responsible for overseeing M A
transactions. From September 2011 to November 2013, he worked as a senior financial adviser in CanAccess Int l Financial Consultants
Ltd. in Vancouver, Canada, responsible for small-medium enterprises financing both in private and public sectors. From December
2008 to August 2011, Mr. Jin was an audit associate at MaloneBailey LLP, an accounting firm, in its offices in Canada and the PRC.
Mr. Jin graduated from Simon Fraser University in June 2008 in Burnaby, Canada with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree. 

57 

Mr. Ming Zhao has served as our independent
director since December 2020. Mr. Zhao has served as the chief financial officer at China Jo-Jo Drugstores Inc (Nasdaq: CJJD) since
August 2011. Mr. Zhao is a licensed certified public accountant. He received his bachelor s degree in accounting from Central
University of Finance and Economic in Beijing in July 1999 and his master s degree in professional accounting from the University
of Washington in December 2002. 

Mr. Charles
Athle Nelson has served as our independent director since December 2020. Mr. Nelson has been active in the capital markets for
the past 35 years. He began his financial career as a market representative with American International Group and in 1979 joined Dean
Witter Reynolds as a Financial Advisor, working with high net worth and institutional clients. In 1980, he joined Drexel Burnham and
Lambert, and subsequently, at Ladenberg, Thalmann and then at Auerbach Pollack and Richardson originated equity and investment banking
transactions. Over the last 20 years, Mr. Nelson has been involved with financing companies in the fintech, healthcare and bio-pharma spaces
through private equity and public financing including listings on the Nasdaq and the NYSE. Mr. Nelson holds a Bachelor in Arts degree
from Villanova University and an MBA from Rutgers University. 

Mr. Everett Xiaolin Wang has served
as our independent director since October 24, 2019. Dr. Wang has served as a professor and primarily conducts research activities at Kesi
Technology (Wenzhou) Researh Institute since November 2021. From October 2016 to October 2021, Dr. Wang served as a professor at School
of Information Engineering of Guangdong University of Technology in Guangdong, the PRC and a distinguished professor under the University
100 Talents Plan. He has served as session or local chairs of IEEE International Conference in 2013, 2015, 2016 and 2018. Since 2014,
he has been reviewer for IEEE Transaction on Intelligent Transportation Systems, as well as Journal of Nonlinear Dynamics. Dr. Wang received
his Bachelor of Science degree in Physics from Peking University in 1982, his Master of Science degree in Theoretical Physics from Institute
of Theoretical Physics, Academy of Sciences of PRC in 1986, and his Ph.D. degree from the University of Texas at Austin in Electrical
and Computer Engineering in 1993. 

Mr. Frank Shen has served as
our independent director since December 2020. Mr. Shen has more than 20 years of research and development and operation experience in
telecommunication and networking technology. Since March 2023, Mr. Shen has served as an engineer at Mitel Networks, a well-known telecommunications
company. Mr. Shen received his bachelor degree in Electrical Computer Engineering in 1991 and his bachelor s degree of
telecommunication from Zhejiang University. 

Board
Diversity Matrix 

Board Diversity Matrix as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Total Number of Directors 
 5 

Female 
 Male 
 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not Disclose Gender 
 
 Part I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 
 5 

Part II: Demographic Background 

African American or Black 

Alaskan Native or Native American 

Asian 
 
 4 

Hispanic or Latinx 

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 

White 
 
 1 

Two or More Races or Ethnicities 

LGBTQ+ 

Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 

58 

Family
Relationships 

Mr.
Peter Zuguang Wang and Mr. Raymond Z. Wang are father and son, respectively. None of our other directors or executive officers has a
family relationship as defined in Item 401 of Regulation S-K. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business
 association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years
 prior to that time; 

been
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
 or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in
 any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be
 associated with persons engaged in any such activity 

been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged
 violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions
 or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting
 mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a) (26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a) (29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Director
Independence 

Rule
5605 of the Nasdaq Listing Rules requires a majority of a listed company s board of directors to be comprised of independent directors
within one year of listing. In addition, the Nasdaq Listing Rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed
company s audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees be independent, that audit committee members
also satisfy independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, and that compensation committee members also
satisfy heightened independence requirements contained in the Nasdaq Listing Rules as well as Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act. 

59 

Under
Nasdaq Rule 5605(a) (2), a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of our board of directors,
that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. In order to be considered independent for purposes of 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, a member of an audit committee of
a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors, or any other
board committee, accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of
its subsidiaries or otherwise be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. When determining the independence
of the members of our compensation committee under the heightened independence requirements contained in the Nasdaq Listing Rules and
Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act, our board of directors is required to consider all factors specifically relevant to determining
whether a director has a relationship with us that is material to that director s ability to be independent from management in
connection with the duties of a compensation committee member, including, but not limited to: (1) the source of compensation of that
director, including any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee paid by us to that director; and (2) whether that director is
affiliated with our Company, a subsidiary of our Company, or an affiliate of a subsidiary of our Company. 

Our
board of directors has reviewed the composition of our board of directors and its committees and the independence of each director. Based
upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment, and affiliations, including
family relationships, our board of directors has determined that Mr. Ming Zhao, Mr. Charles Athle Nelson, Mr. Everett Xiaolin Wang and
Mr. Frank Shen are independent directors as defined under Rule 5605(a) (2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Our
board of directors also determined that Mr. Ming Zhao, Mr. Charles Athle Nelson, and Mr. Frank Shen, who comprise our audit committee,
and Mr. Everett Xiaolin Wang, Mr. Charles Athle Nelson and Mr. Frank Shen, who comprise our compensation committee, satisfy the independence
standards for such committees established by the SEC and the Nasdaq Listing Rules, as applicable. In making such determinations, our
board of directors considered the relationships that each such non-employee director has with our Company and all other facts and circumstances
our board of directors deemed relevant in determining independence, including the beneficial ownership of our share capital by each non-employee
director. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

The
directors of the board of directors consist of two classes, being the class I directors (the Class I Directors and
the class II directors (the Class II Directors ). The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting
of Mr. Peter Zuguang Wang and Mr. Frank Shen, will expire at the annual general meeting in 2023. The term of office of the first class
of directors, consisting of Mr. Ming Zhao, Mr. Charles Athle Nelson, and Mr. Everett Xiaolin Wang, will expire at the annual general
meeting in 2024. Directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the
second annual meeting following their election. Except as the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 (the Act or any applicable
law may otherwise require, in the interim between an annual general meeting, or general meeting called for the election of directors,
and the removal of one or more directors, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by the majority vote of the remaining directors. 

Each
director holds office for the term, if any, fixed by the Resolution of Members or Resolution of Directors appointing him or pursuant
to Regulation 9.1 or 9.8 of our amended and restated Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association, or until his earlier death,
resignation or removal. If no term is fixed on the appointment of a director, the director serves indefinitely until his earlier death,
resignation or removal. 

The
minimum number of directors shall be one and there shall be no maximum number of directors. 

Board
Meetings 

Our
board of directors held four meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. A majority of directors attended the meetings of
the board of directors. 

60 

Committees
of the Company s Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a corporate governance committee.
All the directors consisting of the audit committee, the compensation committee, and the corporate governance committee are independent. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. Ming Zhao, Mr. Frank Shen and Mr. Charles Athle Nelson
serve as members of our audit committee. Mr. Ming Zhao serves as chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee all of whom must be independent. Mr. Ming
Zhao, Mr. Frank Shen and Mr. Charles Athle Nelson are independent. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Zhao qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

The
Company s audit committee will be responsible for, among other things: 

selecting
 a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Company s financial statements; 

helping
 to ensure the independence and performance of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing
 the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm and reviewing, with management and the
 independent registered public accounting firm, the Company s interim and year-end financial statements; 

developing
 procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or audit matters; 

reviewing
 the Company s policies on and oversees risk assessment and risk management, including enterprise risk management; 

reviewing
 the adequacy and effectiveness of internal control policies and procedures and the Company s disclosure controls and procedures; 

reviewing
 related person transactions; and 

approving
 or, as required, pre-approving, all audit and all permissible non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services,
 to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Compensation
Committee 

Subject
to the requirement of law or the Nasdaq listing rules, we have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. The members
of our compensation committee are Mr. Everett Xiaolin Wang, Mr. Frank Shen and Mr. Charles Athle Nelson. Mr. Charles Athle
Nelson serves as chairman of the compensation committee. The Company s compensation committee will be responsible for, among other
things: 

reviewing,
 approving and determining the compensation of the Company s officers and key employees; 

reviewing,
 approving and determining compensation and benefits, including equity awards, to directors for service on the board of directors
 or any committee thereof; 

administering
 the Company s equity compensation plans; 

61 

reviewing,
 approving and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding incentive compensation and equity compensation plans; and 

establishing
 and reviewing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of the Company s employees. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of the Company s officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, (i) as a member of the compensation committee
or the board of another entity, one of whose officers served on the Company s compensation committee, or (ii) as a member of the
compensation committee of another entity, one of whose officers served on our board of directors. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Subject
to the requirement of law or the Nasdaq listing rules, we have established a nominating and corporate governance committee of the board
of directors. The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Mr. Everett Xiaolin Wang, Mr. Frank Shen
and Mr. Charles Athle Nelson. Mr. Frank Shen serves as chairman of the nominating committee. We have adopted a compensation committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

Each
of the members of the nominating and corporate governance committee will meet the requirements for independence under the applicable
rules and regulations of the SEC and rules of Nasdaq. The nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for, among other
things: 

identifying,
 evaluating and selecting, or making recommendations to the board of directors regarding, nominees for election to the board of directors
 and its committees; 

evaluating
 the performance of the board of directors and of individual directors; 

considering,
 and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding, the composition of the board of directors and its committees; 

reviewing
 developments in corporate governance practices; 

evaluating
 the adequacy of the corporate governance practices and reporting; 

reviewing
 related person transactions; and 

developing,
 and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding, corporate governance guidelines and matters. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the
business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. Our code of ethics is filed as an exhibit attached to the Form
8-K we filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019. If we amend or grant a waiver of one or more of the provisions of our code of ethics,
we intend to satisfy the requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding the disclosure of amendments to or waivers from provisions
of our code of ethics that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer by
posting the required information on our website at the above address. 

62 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers, and greater than 10 beneficial owners of our ordinary shares to
file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive officers, and greater than 10 shareholders are
required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. 

Based
solely on the Company s review of the copies of such forms it has received and written representations from certain reporting persons,
other than the filings of Mr. Peter Zuguang Wang, its chairman of the board of directors, the Company believes that all of its officers,
directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners, complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to them during the Company s
most recently completed fiscal year. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation
of Executive Officers 

The
following table presents summary information concerning compensation that was paid for services rendered by our named executive officers
during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards ) 
 Option 
Awards ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
Plan 
Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified 
deferred 
compensation 
earnings ) 
 All Other 
Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Raymond Z. Wang, 
 2022 
 200,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 200,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President (1) 
 2021 
 145,000 
 - 
 395,760 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 540,760 

Jing Jin, 
 2022 
 200,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 200,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 2021 
 136,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 136,000 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Wang has served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company since October 24, 2019. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Jin has served as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since October 24, 2019. 

Employment
Agreements 

On
October 24, 2019, the Company entered into employment agreements (each an Employment Agreement, collectively, the Employment
Agreements with Mr. Raymond Z. Wang and Mr. Jing Jin (each an officer, collectively, Officers ), all
of which are filed as exhibits to the form 8-K we filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019. 

Under
the Employment Agreements, each Officer is employed for a term of three years. Our Employment Agreements with each Officer will be automatically
extended for additional one-year terms unless we or such Officer provides a three-month prior notice to the other party prior to the
expiration of the applicable term. We may terminate the employment with any Officer for cause, at any time, without advance notice or
remuneration, for certain acts of the Officer, including, but not limited to, conviction or plea of guilty to a crime, gross negligence,
dishonest act that has caused detriment to the Company, or a failure to perform agreed duties. The Company may terminate the employment
with the Officer without cause, at any time, upon one-month prior written notice. Upon termination without cause, the Company shall provide
certain severance payments and benefits to the executive specified in the Employment Agreements. The Officer may terminate the Employment
at any time with a one-month prior written notice to the Company, if (1) there is a material reduction in the Officer s authority,
duties and responsibilities, or (2) there is a material reduction in the Officer s annual salary. 

Each
of the Officers agreed, at all times during the term of the employment and after his termination, to hold in the strictest confidence,
and not to use, except for the benefit of the Company, or to disclose to any person, corporation or other entity without prior written
consent of the Company, any confidential information defined therein. 

63 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None. 

Option
Exercise and Stock Vested Table 

In
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there was no exercise of stock options, share appreciation rights or similar instruments, or
vesting of shares, including restricted shares, restricted share units and similar instruments by our executive officers. 

Pension
Benefits 

We
do not offer our executive officers or employees any pension plan or similar plan that provides for payments or other benefits at, following
or in connection with retirement. 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 

None. 

Compensation
of Directors 

We
do not pay our directors in connection with attending individual board meetings, but we reimburse our directors for expenses incurred
in connection with such meetings. In addition to reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with serving on the board
of directors, we paid our directors who served during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 compensation as follows: 

Director Compensation Table 
 
 Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards ) 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Peter Zuguang Wang 
 -25,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -25,000 
 
 Ming Zhao 
 -25,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -25,000 
 
 Charles Athle Nelson 
 -25,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -25,000 
 
 Everett Xiaolin Wang 
 -25,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -25,000 
 
 Frank Shen 
 -25,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -25,000 

64 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares by: 

each
 person known to us to beneficially own more than 5 of any class of our outstanding voting securities based on our review of filings
 with the SEC; 

each
 of our directors, persons chosen to become a director and named executive officers; and 

our
 directors and named executive officers as a group. 

The numbers of ordinary shares outstanding and
the percentage of beneficial ownership are based on 12,978,504 ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of March 28, 2023. Beneficial
ownership is in each case determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and includes equity securities of which that person has
the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. These securities, however, are not included in the computation of the percentage
ownership of any other person. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person
may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities as to which he has no economic interest. 

Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount 
 Percent of Class 

Directors and named Executive Officers 

Ordinary Shares 
 Peter Zuguang Wang (1) 
 6,214,240 
 47.88 

Ordinary Shares 
 Raymond Z. Wang 
 120,000 

Ordinary Shares 
 Jing Jin 
 - 
 - 

Ordinary Shares 
 Ming Zhao 
 2,500 

Ordinary Shares 
 Charles Athle Nelson 
 2,500 

Ordinary Shares 
 Everett Xiaolin Wang 
 2,500 

Ordinary Shares 
 Frank Shen 
 2,500 

Ordinary Shares 
 All Directors and executive officers as a group: 
 6,344,240 
 48.88 

Principle Shareholders: 

Ordinary Shares 
 Peter Zuguang Wang and his affiliated entity (1) 
 6,214,240 
 47.88 

Aggregate
 number of shares accounts for less than 1 of our total ordinary shares outstanding as of the date of this Report. 

Except
 as otherwise indicated, the persons named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares
 shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable and to the information contained in the
 footnotes to this table. 

The
 business address of such individual is 50 Millstone Road, Building 400, Suite 130, East Windsor, NJ 08512. 

(1) 
 Represents
 2,500 ordinary shares directly owned by Peter Zuguang Wang and 6,211,740 ordinary shares held by Cenntro Holding Limited, a company
 incorporated in Hong Kong and wholly owned by Peter Zuguang Wang. 

65 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides certain information about ordinary shares that may be issued under our exiting equity compensation plans as
of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 
 (a) 
Number of 
securities to 
 be issued 
 upon the 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants 
 and rights 
 (b) 
Weighted- 
average 
exercise 
price of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
warrants 
and rights 
 (c) 
Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future 
issuance 
under equity 
compensation 
plans 
(excluding 
securities 
reflected in 
 column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2,848,080 (1) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

(1) Includes
997,300 ordinary shares available for future issuance under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and 1,850,780 ordinary shares available for
future issuance under the 2021 Share Incentive Plan. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

Names
and Relationship of Related Parties: 

Existing
 Relationship with the Company 
 
 Sinomachinery
 Holding Limited 
 
 Under
 common control of Peter Zuguang Wang 
 
 Cenntro
 Holding Limited 
 
 Controlling
 shareholder of the Company 
 
 Zhejiang
 Kangchen Biotechnology Co., Ltd. 
 
 Under
 common control of Peter Zuguang Wang 
 
 Cenntro
 Smart Manufacturing Tech. Co., Ltd. 
 
 Under
 common control of Peter Zuguang Wang 
 
 Zhejiang
 Zhonggong Machinery Co., Ltd. 
 
 Under
 common control of Peter Zuguang Wang 
 
 Xinchang
 County Jiuxin Investment Management Partnership (LP) 
 
 Under
 control of Mr. Mengxing He, the General Manger and one of the directors of Zhejiang Zhongchai 
 
 Zhuhai
 Hengzhong Industrial Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) 
 
 Under
 common control of Peter Zuguang Wang 
 
 Hangzhou
 Cenntro Autotech Co., Limited 
 
 Under
 common control of Peter Zuguang Wang 
 
 Peter
 Zuguang Wang 
 
 Chairman
 of the Company 
 
 Greenland
 Asset Management Corporation 
 
 Shareholder
 of the Company 
 
 Hangzhou
 Jiuru Economic Information Consulting Co. Ltd 
 
 One
 of the directors of Hengyu 
 
 Xinchang
 County Jiuhe Investment Management Partnership (LP) 
 
 Under
 control of Mr. Mengxing He, the General Manger and one of the directors of Zhejiang Zhongchai/NCI of Zhejiang Zhongchai 
 
 Cenntro
 Automotive Corporation 
 
 Under
 common control of Peter Zuguang Wang 

66 

Summary of Balances with Related Parties: 

As of 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Due to related parties: 

Zhejiang Zhonggong Machinery Co., Ltd. 1 
 64,563 
 409,807 
 
 Cenntro Smart Manufacturing Tech. Co., Ltd. 2 
 2,683 
 2,903 
 
 Zhuhai Hengzhong Industrial Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) 3 
 94,442 
 94,442 
 
 Cenntro Holding Limited 4 
 1,341,627 
 1,341,627 
 
 Cenntro Automotive Corporation 4 
 - 
 11,462 
 
 Xinchang County Jiuxin Investment Management Partnership (LP) 4 
 - 
 1,569,218 
 
 Hangzhou Jiuru Economic Information Consulting Co. Ltd 4 
 190,000 
 190,000 
 
 Total 
 1,693,315 
 3,619,459 

The
balance of due to related parties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 consisted of: 

1 
 Unpaid balances for purchasing of materials and equipment and temporary borrowing from Zhejiang Zhonggong Machinery Co., Ltd.; 

2 
 Prepayment from Cenntro Smart Manufacturing Tech. Co., Ltd. 

3 
 Temporary borrowings from Zhuhai Hengzhong Industrial Investment Fund (Limited Partnership); and 

4 
 Borrowings from related parties. 

As of 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Due from related parties-current: 

Zhuhai Hengzhong Industrial Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) 
 214,245 
 219,691 
 
 Cenntro Holding Limited 
 36,455,662 
 39,459,874 
 
 Total 
 36,669,907 
 39,679,565 

The
balance of due from related parties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 consisted of: 

Other
receivable from Cenntro Holding Limited was 36.46 million and 39.46 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

67 

Summary of Related Party Funds Lending 

A
summary of funds lending with related parties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are listed below: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Withdraw funds from related parties: 

Zhejiang Zhonggong Machinery Co., Ltd. 
 - 
 77,611 
 
 Cenntro Holding Limited 
 - 
 251,973 
 
 Zhuhai Hengzhong Industrial Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) 
 207,352 
 35,080 
 
 Peter Zuguang Wang 
 - 
 25,000 
 
 Cenntro Smart Manufacturing Tech. Co., Ltd. 
 74,054 
 29,647 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Deposit funds with related parties: 

Zhejiang Zhonggong Machinery Co., Ltd. 
 394,892 
 139,699 
 
 Zhuhai Hengzhong Industrial Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) 
 209,383 
 677,697 
 
 Xinchang County Jiuxin Investment Management Partnership (LP) 
 1,481,087 
 2,851,515 
 
 Cenntro Smart Manufacturing Tech. Co., Ltd. 
 74,054 
 36,632 
 
 Peter Zuguang Wang 
 - 
 25,000 
 
 Cenntro Holding Limited 
 - 
 250,000 
 
 Zhejiang Kangchen Biotechnology Co., Ltd 
 - 
 64,505 

Director
Independence 

See
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Director Independence for details. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table provides information about the fees billed to us for professional services rendered by external accounting firms during
fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

WWC,
P.C. 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 

Audit Fees (1) 
 275,000 
 250,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 275,000 
 250,000 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for the audit of our annual financial statements or services that are normally provided in connection
 with statutory and regulatory annual and quarterly filings or engagements. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related
 Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees for accounting, assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance
 of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported as Audit Fees. 

(3) 
 Tax
 Fees . Tax fees consist of fees for tax compliance services, tax advice and tax planning. 

(4) 
 All
 Other Fees . Any other fees not included in Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, or Tax Fees. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Pursuant
to audit committee charter, our audit committee has approved in advance all audit and non-audit related services to be provided by our
independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with the audit and non-audit related services pre-approval policy. 

68 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
Financial Statements 

We
have filed the financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(b)
Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registration statement on Form S-1 (File Number: 333-226001), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2018) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registration statement on Form S-1 (File Number: 333-226001), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2018) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K (File Number: 001-38605), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 30, 2018) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, effective on October 24, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K (File Number: 001-38605), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 30, 2019) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the annual report on Form 10-K (File Number: 001-38605), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 3, 2020) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated July 24, 2018, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K (File Number: 001-38605), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 30, 2018) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated July 24, 2018, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the current report on Form 8-K (File Number: 001-38605), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 30, 2018) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2019, by and among the Company, Greenland Asset Management Corporation, in the capacity as the Purchaser Representative, and Cenntro Holding Limited (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 12, 2019) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2019, executed and delivered by Cenntro Holding Limited in favor of and for the benefit of the Company, Zhongchai Holding (Hong Kong) Limited and each of Greenland Acquisition Corporation s and/or Zhongchai Holding (Hong Kong) Limited Purchaser s respective present and future affiliates, successors and direct and indirect subsidiaries (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the current report on Form 8-K (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 12, 2019) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 24, 2019 by and between the Company and Raymond Z. Wang ((incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 30, 2019) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 24, 2019 by and between the Company and Jing Jin (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the current report on Form 8-K (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 30, 2019) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Extension Agreement entered into by and between the Company and Cenntro Holdings Limited dated November 21, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the periodic report on Form 10-Q (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2020) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Lease Agreement dated April 1, 2021 by and between SFA 50 Millstone Road, LLC and Greenland Technologies Corp. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the periodic report on Form 10-Q (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2021) 

69 

10.7 
 
 At the Market Offering Agreement by and between Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC, dated November 19, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 22, 2021) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Channel Partner Agreement by and between Greenland Technologies Corp. and Elive Maroc S.A.R.L. A.U, dated November 20, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the annual report on Form 10-K (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Repayment Agreement entered into by and between the Company and Cenntro Holdings Limited dated March 30, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14s to the annual report on Form 10-K (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.10 
 
 English Translation of Loan Agreement entered into by and between Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., Ltd. and Bank of Communications, dated June 28, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 English Translation of Loan Agreement entered into by and between Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Xinchang Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd., dated August 25, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 English Translation of Loan Agreement entered into by and between Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., Ltd. and Agricultural Bank of China, dated August 30, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022) 

14.1 
 
 Form of Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the current report on Form 8-K (File Number: 001-38605) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 30, 2019) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of WWC P.C., independent registered public accounting firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

70 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, on March 31, 2023. 

GREENLAND
 TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Raymond Z. Wang 

Name:
 
 Raymond
 Z. Wang 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Raymond Z. Wang 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Raymond
 Z. Wang 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Jing Jin 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Jing
 Jin 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Peter Zuguang Wang 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Peter
 Zuguang Wang 

/s/
 Everett Xiaolin Wang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Everett
 Xiaolin Wang 

/s/
 Ming Zhao 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Ming
 Zhao 

/s/
 Charles Athle Nelson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Charles
 Athle Nelson 

/s/
 Frank Shen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Frank
 Shen 

71 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_greenland.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit
21.1 

Greenland
Technologies Holding Corporation 

Subsidiaries
of the Registrant 

Subsidiary 
 
 Place
 of Incorporation 

Zhongchai
 Holding (Hong Kong) Limited 
 
 Hong
 Kong 

HEVI
 Corporation 
 
 Delaware 

Hangzhou
 Greenland Energy Technologies Co., Ltd. 
 
 People s
 Republic of China 

Shanghai Hengyu Business Management Consulting Co., Ltd. 
 
 People s Republic of China 

Zhejiang
 Zhongchai Machinery Co., Ltd. 
 
 People s
 Republic of China 

Hengyu
 Capital Limited 
 
 Hong
 Kong 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_greenland.htm
 CONSENT OF WWC P.C., INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 File No. 333-237321 and File No. 333-256509 and the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267104) of our report dated March 31, 2023, relating to the audit of the consolidated
balance sheets of Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows
for the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements), which appears
in this Form 10-K filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission on March 31, 2023. 

WWC, P.C. 
 
 San Mateo, California 
 Certified Public Accountants 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 PCAOB ID: 1171 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_greenland.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 

 as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Raymond Z. Wang, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 
 The
 company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered
 by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the company s auditors and the audit committee of the company s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Raymond Z. Wang 

Name: 
 Raymond Z. Wang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_greenland.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 

 as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Jing Jin, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 
 The
 company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered
 by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the company s auditors and the audit committee of the company s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Jing Jin 

Name: 
 Jing Jin 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_greenland.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
by the Principal Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant
to U.S.C. Section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States
Code), I, Raymond Z. Wang, Chief Executive Officer of Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation (the Company ), hereby
certify to my knowledge that: 

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company fully complies, in all material respects, with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
March 31, 2023 

/s/ Raymond Z. Wang 

Raymond Z. Wang 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_greenland.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification
by the Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant
to U.S.C. Section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States
Code), I, Jing Jin, Chief Financial Officer of Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation (the Company ), hereby certify
to my knowledge that: 

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company fully complies, in all material respects, with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
March 31, 2023 

/s/ Jing Jin 

Jing Jin 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gtec-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 gtec-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gtec-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gtec-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gtec-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

