<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1881462_0001213900-23-024627.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3389112</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>431702</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>693708</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>825180</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>679213</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>663069</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024627.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330160616
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024627
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Spree Acquisition Corp. 1 Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001881462
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41172
		FILM NUMBER:		23780676

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1922 WILDWOOD PL NE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30324
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-470-223-0227

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1922 WILDWOOD PL NE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30324

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024627.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_spreeacq1.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______________
to _______________ 

Commission File Number 

Spree Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive
offices, including zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: + 972-50-731-0810 

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which 
registered Redeemable warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 SHAPW New York Stock Exchange Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, 0.0001 par value, and one-half of a redeemable warrant SHAPU New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity
held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s fiscal second quarter), based
on the closing price of 9.98 for the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares, as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market, was approximately
 . 

As of March 30, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Spree
Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 iv 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 24 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 47 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 47 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 47 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 47 
 
 PART II 
 
 48 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities 
 
 48 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 50 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 50 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 54 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 55 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 55 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 55 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 55 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 55 
 
 PART III 
 
 56 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 56 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 67 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 67 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 70 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 74 
 
 PART IV 
 
 75 
 
 Item 15 . 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 75 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 77 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F-1 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 78 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
(this Annual Report ), references to: 

we, us, 
 our, the company or our company are to Spree Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited, a Cayman Islands
exempted company; 

amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association are to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which went into
effect upon the completion of our IPO; 

Class A ordinary
shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B ordinary
shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Companies Act 
are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

directors 
are to our current directors; 

Domestication 
are to the transfer by way of continuation and deregistration of Spree from the Cayman Islands and the continuation and domestication
of Spree as a corporation incorporated in the State of Delaware; 

equity-linked securities 
are to any securities of our company that are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, Class A ordinary shares of our company; 

founders shares 
are to our 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, in the aggregate, initially purchased in a private placement, and not surrendered, by our
sponsor and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of those Class B ordinary shares at the time
of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial shareholders 
are to our sponsor s wholly-owned subsidiary, Spree Operandi U.S. LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and other holders (if any)
of our founders shares prior to our IPO; 

IPO or initial
public offering refers to the initial public offering of our Class A ordinary shares, which was consummated on December 20, 2021; 

letter agreement 
refers to the letter agreement entered into between us and our initial shareholders, directors and officers, on our prior to our IPO,
the form of which was filed as an exhibit to the registration statement for our IPO; 

management 
or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

New WHC are
to WHC Worldwide, Inc., which will be the new name of Spree upon and after the Domestication; 

New WHC Class A common
stock are to the Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of New WHC; 

New WHC Class X common
stock are to the Class X common stock, par value 0.0001 per share of New WHC; 

NYSE are to
the New York Stock Exchange; 

ordinary shares 
are to Class A ordinary shares and/or Class B ordinary shares; 

private shares 
are to the Class A ordinary shares included in the private units that were issued and sold to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously
with the closing of the initial public offering; 

private units 
are to the 945,715 units (consisting of 945,715 private shares and 472,858 private warrants) that were issued and sold to our sponsor
in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering; 

private warrants 
are to the warrants to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share contained within the private units
that were issued and sold to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, as well
as any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans; 

public shareholders 
are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our sponsor, officers or directors
purchase public shares, provided their status as a public shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

ii 

public shares 
are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the public units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our
IPO or thereafter in the open market); 

public units 
are to the units (consisting of public shares and warrants) sold in our initial public offering; 

public warrants 
are to the warrants to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share sold as part of the public units
in our initial public offering ; 

Registration Statement 
are to the registration statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No. 333-269751) in respect of the WHC Business Combination, which we filed with
the SEC on February 14, 2023; 

SEC are to
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

sponsor are to Spree Operandi, LP, a Cayman
Islands exempted limited partnership, including, where applicable, its affiliates (including our initial shareholder, Spree Operandi
U.S. LP, a Delaware limited partnership, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of our sponsor); 

Spree extraordinary
general meeting are to the extraordinary general meeting of Spree that we expect to hold in order to present the WHC Business
Combination Agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby, to our shareholders for approval; 

Stifel are
to Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated, the representative of the underwriters for our initial public offering; 

Transactions 
are to the transactions contemplated under the WHC Business Combination Agreement; 

trust account 
are to the U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting
as trustee, in to which a total of 204,000,000 from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private units were
deposited; 

Units are,
collectively, to (i) the limited liability company common units of WHC, and following their reclassification prior to the Closing, the
WHC Class B Common Units equal to the number of initial WHC Class B Common Units, and (ii) the WHC Class A Common Units that will be
issued to New WHC in exchange for the Closing Date Contribution Amount (as defined in the WHC Business Combination Agreement); 

warrants are
to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the public units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial
public offering or thereafter in the open market) and the private warrants; 

WHC are to
WHC Worldwide, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company doing business as zTrip 

WHC Business Combination 
are to the potential business combination between Spree and WHC that is contemplated under the WHC Business Combination Agreement; 

WHC Business Combination
Agreement are to the Business Combination Agreement, dated October 29, 2022, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, by and between
Spree and WHC; 

WHC Class A common
units are to the WHC Class A common units, which will be issued to, and held by, New WHC; 

WHC Class B common
units are to the WHC Class B common units to be issued to WHC s preexisting Unit holders; 

WHC Investor Rights
Agreement are to the investor rights agreement entered into by Spree, certain current members of WHC, and the sponsor concurrently
with the execution of the WHC Business Combination Agreement; 

WHC Minimum Cash
Condition are to the requirement under the WHC Business Combination Agreement that aggregate cash proceeds to be received by Spree
from the trust account in connection with the WHC Business Combination, after reduction due to redemptions, together with the aggregate
gross proceeds from a PIPE financing (net of certain expenses), equal no less than 50 million. 

WHC unitholders 
are to the holders of WHC Class B Common Units and, where noted explicitly, New WHC as the holder of the WHC Class A Common Units; and 

, US 
and U.S. dollar each refer to the United States dollar. 

iii 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Some statements contained in this Annual Report are forward-looking
in nature. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements
about: 

our ability to complete the
WHC Business Combination, including the satisfaction of the closing conditions to the WHC Business Combination Agreement and the timing
of the completion of such business combination; 

our expectations with respect
to future performance of WHC s business and anticipated financial impacts of the WHC Business Combination; 

the occurrence of any event,
change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the WHC Business Combination Agreement or could otherwise cause
the transactions contemplated therein to fail to close 

our ability to maintain sufficient
funding outside of our trust account to enable us to complete the WHC Business Combination; 

our success in retaining or
recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our public securities 
liquidity and trading; 

the market for our securities
and the traded securities of New WHC following the potential New WHC Business Combination; 

the trust account not being
subject to claims of third parties; or 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report
are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance
that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks,
uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, those factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or
should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

iv 

Summary of Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk.
We have provided the following summary of the material risks involved: 

Risks Related to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability
to Consummate, the WHC Business Combination or Any Other Business Combination 

The ability of our public shareholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our public shares may not allow us to complete the WHC Business Combination
in the most desirable manner that will optimize the capital structure of New WHC, or at all. 

We may not be able to complete
the WHC Business Combination (or any other initial business combination) within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders
may receive only 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may be unable to obtain 
on reasonable terms or at all additional financing in connection with our initial business combination or to fund the operations
and growth of WHC or another target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Neither the Spree Board nor
any committee thereof obtained a third-party valuation in determining whether or not to pursue the WHC Business Combination. 

If the funds not being held
in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate at least until the deadline for our completing an initial business combination
(currently, June 20, 2023), that could limit our ability to consummate the WHC Business Combination or any other initial business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial
business combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments.
We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments,
in a manner that makes it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s
report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

Subsequent to consummation
of the WHC Business Combination (or alternative business combination), we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring
and impairment or other charges. 

Changes in U.S. tax legislation
may adversely WHC s financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 

WHC may require additional
capital to support the growth of its business, and this capital may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. 

Risks Relating to our Management Team and Sponsor 

We are totally dependent upon
the efforts of our key personnel, and if the WHC Business Combination is completed, the combined company will be heavily dependent on
WHC s current key personnel. 

Since our sponsor and our directors
and executive officers have interests that are different, or in addition to (and which may conflict with), the interests of our public
shareholders, a conflict of interest may have existed in the directors determining whether the WHC Business Combination is appropriate. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors
may purchase additional shares in anticipation of the vote on the WHC Business Combination and may disproportionately influence the outcome
of that vote. 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

NYSE may not list New WHC s
securities on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to enter into transactions in New WHC s securities and subject
New WHC to additional trading restrictions. 

Our sponsor controls the appointment
of our board of directors until completion of our initial business combination and holds a substantial interest in us. 

The public shareholders will
experience immediate dilution as a consequence of the issuance of New WHC Class A common stock in a PIPE financing, if consummated, and
due to future issuances pursuant to our future combined-company 2022 Plan and Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

A significant portion of New WHC s total outstanding
shares may be sold into the market in the near future following consummation of the WHC Business Combination, which could cause the market
price of New WHC Class A Common Stock to drop significantly. 

v 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

General 

We are a blank check company formed on August 6, 2021 as a Cayman Islands
exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination.
We have generated no revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues at the earliest until we consummate
our initial business combination. We completed our initial public offering in December 2021, and since that time, we have engaged in discussions
with, and due diligence with respect to, potential business combination target companies. Since our entry into the WHC Business Combination
Agreement in October 2022 (as described below), we have focused exclusively on pursuing the WHC Business Combination and related matters. 

Prospective WHC Business Combination 

On October 29, 2022, we entered into the WHC Business Combination Agreement
with WHC, and on January 25, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to that agreement with WHC. The Transactions set forth in the WHC Business
Combination Agreement, as amended, will constitute a Business Combination as contemplated by our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. The WHC Business Combination Agreement and the Transactions contemplated thereby have been unanimously approved
by the board of directors of Spree and also approved by the sole managing member, and the requisite holders of the issued and outstanding
units, of WHC LLC. 

Subject to the approval and adoption by Spree s shareholders
of the WHC Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby at the Spree extraordinary general meeting, immediately
prior to the effective time of the WHC Business Combination and after giving effect to the redemption of public shares by our public shareholders
in connection with that general meeting, Spree will undergo the Domestication, transferring by way of continuation from the Cayman Islands
to the State of Delaware and domesticating as a Delaware corporation. In connection with the Domestication, Spree s name will be
changed to WHC Worldwide, Inc. . 

Prior to the Domestication, each outstanding Spree Class B ordinary
share will convert into one Spree Class A ordinary share. At the effective time of the Domestication, (a) each outstanding Spree Class
A ordinary share will become one share of New WHC Class A common stock, (b) each outstanding Spree warrant will become a warrant to purchase
one share of New WHC Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, and (c) New WHC will file with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware a certification of domestication and a certificate of incorporation (the Post-Closing Spree Certificate
of Incorporation ), and adopt bylaws to serve as its governing documents in connection with the Domestication. 

Pursuant to the terms of the WHC Business Combination Agreement, at
the closing of the Transactions (the Closing ), WHC will effect a capital restructuring of its outstanding equity
securities (the Capital Restructuring ). To effect the Capital Restructuring, (i) WHC will cause its existing limited
liability company agreement to be amended and restated (as amended, the Second A R LLC Agreement (ii) WHC will
cause all of its limited liability company interests existing immediately prior to the Closing to be re-classified into a number of WHC
Class B common units based on a pre-transaction equity value for WHC equal to 251,000,000; (iii) New WHC will issue to WHC, and WHC will
in turn (immediately following the date of the Closing) distribute to its preexisting members, a number of shares of New WHC Class X common
stock (which will not have any economic rights but will entitle the holders thereof to five votes per share for the initial 18 months
following the Closing, and thereafter, one vote per share), equal to the number of WHC units held by each of the preexisting WHC unit
holders. 

In addition, New WHC will contribute to WHC (x) the amount of cash,
as of immediately prior to the Closing, in the trust account established by Spree with the proceeds from our initial public offering (and
before giving effect to the exercise of redemption rights by any Spree public shareholders), minus (y) the aggregate amount of cash required
to fund those redemptions and any other obligations to be funded from the trust account, plus (z) the aggregate cash proceeds actually
received in respect of a PIPE financing that New WHC will seek to obtain, and in exchange for that contribution, WHC will issue to New
WHC a certain number of WHC Class A common units (as determined pursuant to the WHC Business Combination Agreement). 

1 

In addition to the consideration payable to all preexisting WHC unit
holders in the WHC Business Combination, New WHC will issue to the chief executive officer of WHC (the Earnout Participant warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of New WHC Class A common stock at an exercise price per share equal to the greater
of 10.00 and the closing price of the New WHC Class A common stock on the date of the Closing. Those warrants will vest in three tranches,
exercisable for 500,000 shares each, conditioned on the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of the New WHC Class A common stock equaling
or exceeding 14.00, 18.00 and 22.00, respectively, for any 20 trading days within a period of 30 consecutive trading days following
the Closing and before the earlier of (i) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Closing and (ii) the date on which the Earnout Participant
ceases to be employed by New WHC or its affiliates. An additional, cash earn-out payment of 10 million will be payable to WHC
and will be distributed by WHC to the holders of its WHC Class B common units on a pro-rata basis (based on their respective ownership
of pre-Closing WHC units ), in accordance with the terms of the modified prospective
post-closing Second A R LLC Agreement if the aggregate transaction proceeds in the combined company at the Closing is in excess of
 70 million, subject to written consent of the PIPE investors in any Spree financings prior to or at Closing. 

Following the WHC Business Combination, the combined company will be
organized in an Up-C tax structure, such that WHC and the subsidiaries of WHC will hold and operate substantially all of
the assets and business of New WHC, and New WHC will be a publicly listed holding company that will hold equity interests in WHC. Under
the Second A R LLC Agreement, the WHC unit holders will have the right to redeem their WHC Class B common units (together with the
forfeiture of shares of New WHC Class X common stock held by them) for New WHC Class A common stock, or, at New WHC s option, cash,
in each case, subject to certain restrictions set forth therein. 

The consummation of the proposed WHC Business Combination is subject
to certain conditions as further described in the WHC Business Combination Agreement. Additionally, upon the closing of the Transactions,
the public company will be named WHC Worldwide, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with the New WHC Class A common stock and New WHC warrants
prospectively to be listed on the NYSE (subject to a pending listing application) under the proposed symbols ZTRP and ZTRP/W ,
respectively. 

Unless specifically stated, this Annual Report does not give effect
to the proposed Transactions and does not contain a description of many of the risks associated with the Transactions. Such risks and
effects relating to the proposed Transactions are described in the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement contains a description
of the business, operations, financial condition, management, governance, capitalization and other materials terms related to the combined
company following the proposed WHC Business Combination as well as information on the share redemption process and the Spree extraordinary
general meeting to approve the WHC Business Combination Agreement and the Transactions contemplated thereunder. There are no assurances
that the WHC Business Combination will be completed, as the consummation of the Transactions remains subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of certain customary closing conditions of the respective parties, including, among others, the Registration Statement being declared
effective by the SEC, the approval of the WHC Business Combination at the Spree extraordinary general meeting, and the approval by NYSE
of New WHC s listing application for the New WHC Class A common stock and New WHC warrants. For the avoidance of doubt, the Registration
Statement is not incorporated by reference herein. 

Industry Opportunity 

Mobility is getting increasingly intelligent - cars, cities,
roads etc. - all have started to increasingly deploy technology and data in order to achieve better products, services and utilization. 

These trends are propelling tectonic shifts and the formation
of new and exciting trends in the industry, including flexible insurance models for vehicles, new types of vehicle manufacturers, sensor
technology that mimics and surpasses human capabilities, and much more. Automotive tech start-ups have catapulted onto the US stock markets
through SPACs, amassing a market capitalization approaching 60 billion. 

Members of our team are heavily immersed in the vibrant mobility
sector both as investors and technological business entrepreneurs. We are uniquely positioned to learn about the next big thing 
with our experience in guiding companies from their inception through the chasm to market acceptance. 

According to McKinsey, since 2010, investors have poured nearly
 330 billion into more than 2,000 companies focused on mobility - specifically connectivity, automation, smart mobility and electrification
(CASE) - with over 80 billion of this amount invested since the beginning of 2019 alone. About two-thirds of the total investment, or
 206 billion, went to autonomous-vehicle (AV) technologies and smart mobility. A smaller amount - about 123 billion - went to connectivity
and electric vehicles (EVs), suggesting that companies prefer to develop these technologies in-house, rather than by pursuing inorganic
growth. 

McKinsey further reports that non-incumbents have made over
90 of investments in future-mobility companies since 2010, with 65 coming from venture-capital and private-equity (VC/PE) companies
and 28 from tech players. Traditional automotive companies only accounted for 7 , or roughly 20 billion to 25 billion, of the total
amount invested. 

2 

Key industry trends and development focus include: 

Autonomous driving technology
has always been one of the most promising areas within the mobility industry and it continues to grow. This top mobility trend aims to
minimize human negligence and errors to create safer roads. Comprehensive AI algorithms now take over the task of driving with advanced
driver assistance systems (ADAS) to push the industry towards level-5 autonomous vehicles. Fleets of AVs expand the scope of first- and
last-mile commute and make public transportation safer and more efficient. Artificial intelligence, combined with smart sensors, accelerate
advancements in the mobility industry. 

Internet of Things - Vehicles
exchange data with a central hub, as well as each other, through cellular, WiFi, and satellite communications. Previously, Internet of
Things, or IoT, was mostly used for entertainment and convenience but recently the focus is shifting to maintenance and safety functionalities.
There are various ways to enable connectivity in mobility, for example, built-in with embedded original equipment manufacturer,
or OEM, solutions or brought-in with smartphone-based apps. IoT connectivity enables easy tracking of vehicular data for
various use cases such as insurance, driver safety, predictive maintenance, and fleet management. Sharing vehicular data helps not just
the individual customer, but overhauls the entire mobility ecosystem. 

Electric Mobility - To accelerate
the growth of e-mobility and promote sustainable mobility, advances have to be spurred in electric drive solutions, electric vehicle,
or EV, charging, and infrastructure, as well as data analytics and security. Despite the numerous benefits of electric vehicles to the
environment, there still remain many hurdles for their adoption. Startups globally develop solutions to enable the widespread adoption
of EVs by providing efficient batteries and charging infrastructure. At the same time, emerging companies are manufacturing electric
vehicles of all sizes to streamline the logistics sector and reduce harmful emissions. 

Mobility as a Service - Integrating
various modes of transportation into a single mobility service presents a user-centric approach to mobility. Mobility-as-a-Service, or
MaaS, offers value-added services through the use of a single application to adopt and maintain a user-centric approach. Customers use
a sole payment channel instead of multiple ticketing and payment operations, allowing for convenience and efficient planning. MaaS also
introduces new business models to operate different transport options, reduce congestion and remove capacity constraints. Among the multiple
benefits that MaaS offers, easy route planning and simplified payments are the keys that make this an emerging mobility trend. 

Micromobility - is gradually
gaining in popularity across the world for its convenience and environmental benefits. It is a powerful tool to tackle vehicular greenhouse
gas (GHG) emissions and increase access to cheap transportation. Micromobility solutions are also fuel-efficient and do not use fossil
fuel-based energy. Bicycles, which are conventionally popular for urban commuting, also help solve the first and last-mile commute and
delivery challenges by providing a low cost, easily accessible means of short distance transport. Furthermore, e-bikes, which are lightweight
and faster than bicycles, are attracting more city-dwellers to switch to a more convenient form of transportation for their daily commute. 

Artificial Intelligence (AI)
- is gaining in functionality and applicability with the refinement of machine learning (ML) algorithms. AI creates new applications
in the mobility industry with robotic automation and advanced data analytics. Particularly, AI is the base for level-4 and level-5 autonomous
driving, image recognition, predictive maintenance, and in-vehicle experiences. These solutions guide self-driving cars, manage fleets,
assist drivers to improve safety and improve services such as vehicle inspection or insurance. AI also finds applications in automotive
manufacturing, where it accelerates the rate of production and helps reduce costs. As in many other industries, AI is also part of the
top mobility industry trends. 

3 

Smart Infrastructure - widely
acknowledged as the foundation for building smart cities. It extends not only to smart roads, automated parking, and IoT but also to
all the various signals and signs along the roadside that provide information to drivers and AVs. AI-based driving systems utilize a
broad range of advanced sensors to understand their environment and make data-driven decisions. For example, sensors factor in road signs
and other visual information to make an optimal driving decision. Startups develop many solutions for smart infrastructure and smart
roads to enable vehicles to communicate with their environment and reduce the burden on drivers. 

Big Data Analytics -
the mobility sector continuously generates a significant amount of data. Curating, comprehending, and generating insights from such unstructured
data is critical to succeeding in the fast-paced mobility industry. Big data analytics and AI enable startups to develop data processing
and analysis solutions to manage and understand large volumes of data. This helps mobility startups with fleet management, predictive
maintenance, as well as monitoring and tracking of vehicle data. For example, big data provides the necessary real-time data and support
to companies providing a platform for road safety and management. 

Augmented Virtual Reality
- a big challenge for the mobility industry is reducing road accidents due to human negligence. Startups develop AR solutions to restrict
the number of distractions for a driver. For example, heads-up displays (HUDs) limit the attention of drivers from their dashboards to
their windshields by providing the required information on their windshields. AR-based applications also allow automotive companies to
provide simulations when the customers or cars are not present in a showroom. These applications improve customer experiences by allowing
car owners to remotely inspect their cars. Startups also work on AR/VR solutions to ease the complications encountered by a technician
during maintenance. 

3D Printing - Startups and
emerging companies are providing 3D printing services for creating various automotive parts. Additive manufacturing with different materials
also allows for designing versatile components and spare parts. These include materials that possess a variety of properties like elasticity,
conductivity, and heat resistance, all of which have automotive applications. Automotive companies use prototyping of parts or full-scale
designs for multiple purposes, including for testing forms and shapes. 3D printing of such prototypes involves considerably lower costs
than actually fabricating the design. This opens new opportunities for startups to test new material combinations with low-cost multiple
iterations, thus enabling rapid prototyping. 

Analysts are forecasting substantial growth
in key sectors of the mobility industry, for example: 

a) Electric Vehicle - according
to Meticulous Research , the EV market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 33.6 from 2020 to reach 2,495.4 billion by 2027.
By volume, it is expected to reach 233.9 million units by 2027 (CAGR of 21.7 ). Growth of the EV market is mainly attributed to factors
such as supportive government policies and regulations promoting the adoption of EVs, increasing investments by leading automotive OEMs,
rising environmental concerns regarding automotive emissions, and the decreasing prices of batteries. However, the lack of charging infrastructure
and standardization remains a challenge. The increasing adoption of electric mobility in emerging economies and the growing adoption
of autonomous driving vehicles are projected to provide significant growth opportunities for vendors operating in this market. Some of
the major trends that may support the growth of this market are the growing deployment of charging stations by retail multinational corporations,
or MNCs, increasing adoption of shared mobility, and increasing deployment of smart charging systems. The market research firm IDTechEx
estimates EVs will constitute up to 80 of the global market by 2040 (IDTechEx: Electric Vehicles: Land, Sea and Air 2021-2041 ). 

b) Mobility as a Service - according
to Emergen Research, the Global Mobility as a Service Market will reach 523.61 billion by 2027, driven by the convergence and the growth
of the telecom sector and the transportation industry. Transport authorities, governments, customers, and businesses have started understanding
the ample potential for unlocking various opportunities. There has been a surge in the awareness for the adoption of a user-centric approach
to look at the mobility opportunities provided to customers as a part of a wider, integrated system. 

4 

c) Advanced Driver Assistance
- ADAS are electronic systems in a vehicle that use advanced technologies to assist drivers and increase car and road safety. These technologies
work to mitigate accidents due to human error and are among the fastest-growing segments in automotive electronics. The ADAS sensor market
is predicted to grow to 40.8 billion in 2030 from 11.5 billion in 2019 (CAGR of 11.7 ). 

Almost all mobility sectors are expecting strong growth. 

Automakers including Ford, BMW, Volkswagen and Hyundai have
invested in new mobile technologies. So have suppliers such as Bosch, Denso and Continental. Among technology giants, Intel and Google
have made the acquisition of startups part of their strategies to bolster their automotive and mobility investments. 

Young companies are at the center of advanced automotive developments
as well as cloud computing, 3D printing, predictive sensing, the Internet of Things, augmented and virtual reality and a host of other
Industry 4.0 technologies that are helping multinational corporations improve their performance. 

Venture capital has quickly flooded into this area and the scene is
now well developed. Many of the research intensive technologies (such as radar/lidar/sonar, autonomous systems, opto-electric systems,
big data etc.) have over the past few years dramatically increased in importance for the mobility industry as it readies itself for a
highly connected, electric, shared and autonomous future. 

Global strategic and financial investors that have invested in mobility
start-ups include Amazon, Ford, General Motors, NVIDIA, Volkswagen Group, Daimler, Kleiner Perkins, Bessemer Venture Partners, Google,
BMWi Ventures, Skoda, MizMaa Ventures and Sumitomo, among others. 

There have also been several acquisitions and SPAC mergers, including: 

a) Gogoro - Entered into an agreement
to merge with Poema Global at a 2.4 billion valuation. Gogoro is a developer of electric scooters and battery exchange stations utilizing
clean energy for smart cities 

b) Veoneer - Entered into definitive
agreement to be acquired by Qualcomm and SSW partners for 4.5 billion. At closing, SSW will retain Veoneer s Active Safety and
Restraint Control Systems businesses, while Qualcomm will retain Veoneer s Arriver business consisting of computer vision and Advanced
Driver Assistance Systems platforms 

c) Wallbox - Merged with Kensington
Capital Acquisition Corp. II at a 1.5 billion valuation. Wallbox develops and provides charging and energy management systems for electric
vehicles and homes, allowing users to send energy back to the grid 

d) Li-Cycle - Merged with Peridot
Acquisition Corp. at a 1.7 billion valuation. Li-Cycle is a lithium-ion battery resource recovery and lithium-ion battery recycler focused
on the recovery of batteries, black mass and other intermediate materials 

e) CCC Information Services -
Merged with Dragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp. at a 6.5 billion valuation. CCC Information Services provides data and information
services to automotive insurance companies 

f) indie Semiconductor - Merged
with Thunder Bridge Acquisition II in June 2021 at a valuation of 1.4 billion. indie Semiconductor provides next generation semi-conductor
and software solutions for the semiconductor space 

g) Arrival - Merged with CIIG
Merger Corp. at a 5.4 billion valuation. Arrival utilizes a new approach to the manufacturing of clean energy vehicles and is engaged
in the production of commercial electric vehicles and vans for the European market 

5 

h) Metromile - Merged with INSU
Acquisition Corp. II in February 2021 at a 1.3 billion market capitalization. Metromile offers pay-per-mile insurance to individuals
and corporations 

i) Moovit - Acquired by Intel
in May 2020 for approximately 900 million. Moovit is known for its urban mobility application that offers travelers around the world
the best multimodal trip planning 

j) Zoox - Acquired by Amazon in
July of 2019 for 1.2 billion. Zoox is developing an autonomous ride-on-demand service leveraging a vehicle purpose-built for the ride-on-demand
sector 

k) MobileEye - Acquired by Intel
in May 2017 for 15.3 billion. This deal enhanced Intel s vital capabilities in autonomous driving systems and relationships with
automakers 

l) Waze - A leading navigation
service provider acquired by Google for approximately 1 billion in June 2013. 

Acquisition Strategy and Criteria 

Our acquisition strategy is to identify an untapped opportunity within
our target mobility industry and offer a public-ready business, a facility through which to enter the public sphere, access capital markets,
and advance its priorities. 

We have focused on mid-size mobility companies that have a solid technological
foundation and promising market opportunities which have so far refrained from becoming public for a variety of reasons. We have hoped
to serve as an attractive partner for those companies, enabling them to go public in an alternate, more easily accessible manner - a business
combination transaction - and to thereby benefit from the capital-raising options available for a publicly traded company in the U.S. 

Our sponsor s participants and their affiliates have extensive
experience and expertise in strategic investments in public and private companies where they have a strong investment conviction driven
by clearly identifiable growth opportunities. We have applied a similar investment philosophy and approach to analyzing prospective targets
and identifying an attractive business combination. 

The experience and networks of the members of our team have been a
key element in our acquisition strategy. We believe that we are offering WHC significant added value, which may have represented a decisive
competitive advantage when compared to other SPACs. 

Our team members have formidable knowledge of the mobility industry.
We all have developed, built and are actively involved in companies building solutions for the automotive and mobility sectors. We recognize
that often company founders who conceive and develop outstanding technologies do not have the necessary market knowledge and business
experience to build a strong team and successfully convert their technology into commercial products. We believe that we provide that
or can help founders achieve it. 

Our team has the ability to evaluate businesses comprehensively - 360
degrees, including technology, IP, competition and management - in order to assess whether the subject has the potential to be a truly
good business. 

Equally important is our team s well developed positioning in
the mobility sector. With the team spread across North America, Europe and the Middle East (Israel), team members are already familiar
with a substantial percentage of the likely acquisition targets that are a part of the evaluation process. 

We are confident of our ability to bring significant added value to
an acquisition target such as WHC, including: 

Giving it access to our networks.
We have well established contacts at senior level with executives in automotive and other relevant sectors. These could be used to open
doors and facilitate business development opportunities, receive feedback on the attractiveness and potential of the products and so
on. 

6 

Generally advising and participating
in management discussions, giving the benefit of our experience and technological knowledge. 

Considering and implementing
corporate finance activities, including identifying and executing merger opportunities between companies in the mobility sector with
strong synergies where the pooling of resources could well bring about economies of scale and significant increases in enterprise value. 

It must be emphasized that we take a highly proactive approach. We
have been employing the following procedure in evaluating prospective target businesses for our initial business combination: 

a) Utilizing mobility industry
expertise to identify about 100 potential targets. 

b) Carrying out detailed evaluation
in order to create a short list of between six and 12 potential targets. 

c) Monitoring the six to 12 selected
companies for up to four months, in order to assess their activities under regular operating conditions. 

d) Initiating contact with management
and starting the due diligence process. The due diligence includes close involvement in the potential target companies, including participation
in management meetings, attending meetings with customers, suppliers and other relevant parties. 

e) Negotiating and executing an
acquisition. 

f) Post-acquisition monitoring
and possible active participation in company management as appropriate. 

We have relied upon the following general, non-exclusive criteria and
guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective targets for our initial business combination. We have used these criteria
in evaluating WHC; however, no individual criterion was entirely determinative of our decision to pursue the prospective WHC Business
Combination.. 

Essentially we have sought a good company, with strong growth potential,
having a management team that demonstrates openness to accept advice and to reassess objectives in light of changing market circumstances. 

We have focused on target businesses or assets with the following attributes: 

Large Markets. We have
targeted companies that operate or will operate in a large addressable market in the mobility sector and related technologies. 

Middle-Market Businesses.
 We believe that the middle-market segment provides the greatest number of opportunities for investment and is consistent with our
sponsor s participants investment history across the various mobility segments. These segments are where our management
team has the strongest capability to identify attractive opportunities. We have been seeking to acquire potential target businesses that
can use the funding we bring to achieve value-creating milestones. 

Established Platform at
Inflection Point of Growth. Collectively, our management team and board have meaningful experience operating and investing in a broad
range of businesses participating in future mobility. We believe that our broad understanding of companies operating in the mobility
ecosystem, including connected, autonomous, shared and electric focused mobility businesses, uniquely positions us to identify companies
at the center of mobility trends and identify opportunities where capital deployment can be most impactful. 

7 

Benefit from Being a Public
Company. We have been seeking potential target businesses with technological or other competitive advantages in the markets in which
they operate that can benefit from a broader access to capital, and the heightened public profile associated with being a publicly traded
company. It is likely that our target company will have been planning a public issue as its preferred medium-long term financing strategy. 

Technology-Driven Business
Model. We have been seeking to acquire potential target businesses with pioneering technologies in the mobility sector, where we
are able to utilize our industry knowledge and contacts to validate the value proposition and provide added value. 

Competitive Edge. We
have been targeting companies that are set up for long term growth and as such, have a competitive edge. This may include first to market,
network effects, lead in technology or access to the key customers. 

Experienced Management Team.
 A target company s management team and engineering/technical teams is a key part of our evaluation. The right combination of
management and technical expertise at a target company is the key to long term success for these types of companies. Our management team
and our board have significant experience in understanding such companies and evaluating a company s management and technical expertise.
The team must be suitable as a candidate for a public listing. 

Significant Growth Prospects.
 We have been looking to select a target business expected to have significant embedded and/or underexploited growth opportunities;
with near- and longer-term valuation inflection points that will allow it to reap the advantages and acceleration of having access to
public capital markets. It is important to see that the availability of investment will accelerate the growth path. 

We may use other criteria and guidelines as well. Any evaluation relating
to the merits of a particular initial business combination were to be based on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other
considerations, factors, and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we have conducted comprehensive
due diligence review. That due diligence review has included, among other things, a financial statement analysis, initial public offering
readiness assessment, business practices integration analysis, document reviews, meetings with the target s management and other
employees, inspection of facilities, consultations with relevant industry experts, competitors, customers, and suppliers, as well as a
review of additional information (operational, financial, legal and otherwise) that we have obtained as part of our analysis of a target
company. 

We were not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors. In the event we had sought to complete our initial business
combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, was
to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our
initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. WHC is not a company that is affiliated with our sponsor,
officers, or directors. 

Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets 

We believe that the operational and transactional experience of our
management team and members of our sponsor (and the investors in the sponsor) and the relationships they have developed because of such
experience, has provided us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. 

As stated earlier, we believe that members of our team have extensive
knowledge of a substantial percentage of potential target companies in the ecosystem. 

Members of our management team and other members of our sponsor have
operated and invested in leading mobility companies, across their corporate life cycles and have developed deep relationships with organizations
and investors operating around the world, and in target regions with a high concentration of mobility companies, in particular. 

8 

This network has grown through sourcing, acquiring, and financing businesses
and maintaining relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams. Our management team members have significant
experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. We believe that these networks of contacts
and relationships and this experience has helped us to identify attractive mobility technology-based businesses that can benefit from
access to the public markets, and execute complex business combination transactions, thereby enhancing shareholder value. In addition,
target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants,
private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest noncore assets or divisions. 

We believe that we have been well-positioned to leverage our sponsor s,
affiliates , and management team s successful track record growing local and international technology companies into large,
successful publicly traded entities, and their deep network of relationships, as strong competitive advantages. We have utilized our management s
and sponsor s expertise and their respective deal-sourcing capabilities to provide us with a strong pipeline of potential targets. 

We believe that the experience of our management team and directors
in evaluating assets through investing and company building has enabled us to source the highest quality targets. Our selection process
has leveraged the relationships of our management team with industry captains, leading venture capitalists, private equity and hedge fund
managers, respected peers, and a network of investment banking executives, attorneys, and accountants. Together with this network of trusted
partners, we can capitalize the target business and create purposeful strategic initiatives to achieve attractive growth and performance
targets. 

Our management team consists of professionals and senior operating
executives of various companies and entities with decades of experience and industry exposure across numerous mobility sectors. Based
on our management team s extensive experience and industry exposure, we believe that we may be able to identify, evaluate the risk
and reward of, and execute on attractive acquisition opportunities. 

Our management team consists of Rani Plaut, our Chief Executive Officer
and director, Nir Sasson, our Chief Operating Officer, and Shay Kronfeld, our Chief Financial Officer and VP Business. 

Initial Significant Activities Following Inception 

On December 20, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering. Pursuant
to our IPO, we offered and sold an aggregate of 20,000,000 units, consisting of 17,500,000 units that served as the base offering amount,
and an additional 2,500,000 units for which the underwriters exercised an over-allotment option (out of a total of 2,625,000 units for
which the underwriters were granted an over-allotment option for 45 days following the pricing of the IPO). 

Each public unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half
of a public warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share. The public
units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 200,000,000. 

Substantially concurrent with the closing of our IPO, we completed
the private sale of an aggregate of 945,715 private units to Spree Operandi U.S. LP, the wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of our sponsor,
Spree Operandi, LP. The purchase price per private unit was 10.00, generating aggregate gross proceeds to us of 9,457,150. The warrants
contained in the private units are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in the initial public offering, except that, for
so long as they are held by Spree Operandi, LP or its affiliates: (1) they are not redeemable by us; (2) they may not (including the Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of those warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by
the sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination; and (3) they (including the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. 

9 

Following the closings, a total of 204,000,000 from the proceeds of
the initial public offering and the sale of the private units was placed in the trust account. 

Our units commenced trading on the NYSE on December 20, 2021 under
the symbol SHAPU . Beginning on February 4, 2022, holders of the public units have been able to elect to separately trade
the public shares and public warrants included in the units. The Class A ordinary shares and warrants that are separated are traded on
the NYSE under the symbols SHAP and SHAP/W, respectively. Units that are not separated continue to trade on
the NYSE under the symbol SHAP/U. 

Competitive Strengths 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe that our structure makes us an attractive business combination
partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to a traditional initial public
offering through a merger or other business combination. 

In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange
their shares of stock or other equity interests in the target business for our ordinary shares or for a combination of our ordinary shares
and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration used in the transaction to the specific needs of the sellers. In the case of the WHC
Business Combination, we have worked with WHC to structure the Transactions so that the combined company will be organized in an Up-C 
tax structure following the WHC Business Combination, such that WHC and the subsidiaries of WHC will hold and operate substantially all
of the assets and business of New WHC, and New WHC will be a publicly listed holding company that will hold equity interests in WHC. Based
on that structure, the preexisting WHC unit holders would potentially exchange their equity interest in both WHC (Class B common units)
and New WHC (New WHC Class X common stock) for New WHC Class A common stock to be held in the public holding company. We believe that
target businesses might find a de-SPAC business combination avenue a more certain and cost-effective method to becoming a public company
than a typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, roadshow
and public reporting efforts that will likely not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once the business combination is consummated, the target
business will have effectively become a public company, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters 
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we
believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent
with shareholders interests than it would have as a privately-held company. Public company status can offer further benefits by
enhancing a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our status as a public company makes us an attractive
business partner, some potential target businesses may view the inherent limitations in our status as a blank check company as a deterrent
and may prefer to effect a business combination with a more established entity or with a private company. These limitations include constraints
on our available financial resources, which may be inferior to those of other entities pursuing the acquisition of similar target businesses;
the requirement that we seek shareholder approval of a business combination or conduct a tender offer in relation thereto, which may delay
the consummation of a transaction; and the existence of our outstanding warrants, which may represent a source of future dilution. 

10 

Financial Position 

With funds available in our trust fund in an approximate amount
of 208,690,000 (as of March 21, 2023), assuming no redemptions, and after payment of a 9,000,000 deferred underwriting fee to Stifel
in connection with the business combination, in each case before additional fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination,
we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential
growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete
our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility
to use the most efficient combination that allows us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and
desires. In the case of the WHC Business Combination, we expect to utilize the Up-C tax structure and enable the target
company equity holders (WHC unit holders) to potentially receive equity in the publicly traded, parent holding company. Given the possibility
that there may be a significant percentage of our public shareholders that may elect to redeem their shares in connection with the WHC
Business Combination or any other business combination, thereby reducing our cash resources in the trust account, we plan to secure a
PIPE financing in order to successfully effect the WHC Business Combination. However, there can be no assurance that such a financing
will be available to us. 

Effecting a Business Combination 

General 

We are utilizing cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public
offering and the private placement of units in effecting a business combination (presently, the WHC Business Combination). Investors in
our initial public offering invested without first having an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business
combinations. In the case of the WHC Business Combination, we are seeking to consummate a business combination with a company that has
undergone significant growth since it was formed in 2018, with significant revenues to fund its operations. In an effort to focus on strengthening
WHC s business on a stand-alone basis, we expect to effect only a single business combination with the proceeds from our initial
public offering and concurrent private placement. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a
Business Combination 

Subject to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations
and the fair market value requirement described below, we have had virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective
acquisition candidate. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses
other than as described under Acquisition Strategy and Criteria above. Now that we are party to the WHC Business
Combination Agreement, investors will need to evaluate the possible merits or risks of WHC as a target business with which we may complete
the WHC Business Combination by reviewing the Registration Statement that we filed with respect to that transaction. Although our management
has endeavored to evaluate the risks inherent in the WHC Business Combination, we cannot assure you that we have properly ascertained
or assessed all significant risk factors. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

As the principal means of identifying potential target businesses,
we have relied on the extensive contacts and relationships of our sponsor, officers and directors. While our officers and directors are
not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence on potential target businesses, the relationships
that they have developed over their careers and their access to our sponsor s members and affiliates contacts and
resources generated a number of potential business combination opportunities that warranted further investigation. We also have had target
business candidates brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private
equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses have been
brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources also
introduced us to target businesses they thought we would be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources read our
public disclosures and know what types of businesses we were targeting. 

11 

Our officers and directors must present to us all target business
opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income
accrued in the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination, subject to any pre-existing
fiduciary or contractual obligations. We have also engaged the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in
business acquisitions on a formal basis (including Stifel, which has served as our financial advisor), to which we may pay a finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction.
In no event, however, will our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial
business combination (regardless of the type of transaction t hat it is) other
than: 

the
 monthly 10,000 administrative services fee; 

the
 payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial
 shareholders or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our initial business
 combination; 

the
 repayment of up to 300,000 in loans that the sponsor may provide to us, which loans were
 evidenced by the an unsecured promissory note under which we had initially borrowed 199,598
 prior to the consummation of our IPO, which was repaid in full upon the consummation of our
 IPO; 

any
 additional working capital loans that our sponsor may provide to us; and 

the
 reimbur sement of any out-of-pocket expenses. 

Our audit committee reviews and approves all reimbursements and payments
made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review
and approval. We have no present intention to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of
our officers, directors or sponsor, and WHC is not affiliated with any of them. However, to the extent the WHC Business Combination is
not completed for any reason, we are not restricted from entering into a transaction with an entity that has any such affiliation and
may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested independent directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination
is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. Because WHC is not affiliated with any of our officers, directors
or sponsor, we have not obtained any such opinion in connection with the WHC Business Combination. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a
Business Combination 

We initially had 15 months from the closing date of our initial public
offering (i.e., until March 20, 2023) to consummate our initial business combination, which period was to be extended: (a) an additional
three months to a total of 18 months if we were to file (i) a Form 8-K that included a definitive merger or acquisition agreement or (ii)
a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination, but without completing the initial business
combination within such 15-month period; (b) up to two instances of an additional three months per instance for a total of up to 18 months
or 21 months, respectively, by depositing into the trust account for each three month extension an amount equal to 0.10 per unit or (c)
for an additional period as a result of a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (in
each case, an Extension Period ). Because we filed a Form 8-K to report our entry into the WHC Business Combination
Agreement on October 31, 2022, we qualified for an initial three-month Extension Period, until June 20, 2023. 

Subject to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations
and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (excluding taxes
payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination,
as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire a controlling interest in the target business, our management has virtually
unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any specific attributes or
criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses, except as described above under Acquisition Strategy and Criteria . 

12 

An evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination
has been based, to the extent relevant, on such factors, as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting
a business combination consistent with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we have conducted an extensive
due diligence review which has encompassed, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well
as review of financial and other information which has been made available to us. This due diligence review has been conducted by our
management. 

Fair Market Value of Target Business 

NYSE listing rules require that the target business or businesses that
we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding
taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business
combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on NYSE for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet
the foregoing 80 fair market value test. 

We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire
100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses (as is the case with the WHC Business Combination). We may,
however, structure our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100 
of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or
for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the
post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock,
shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target; however, as a
result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could
own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses
that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of trust account balance test. 

The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board
of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings,
cash flow and their respective growth rates, book value and/or the market size addressed ). The proxy solicitation materials or tender
offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public shareholders with our analysis of the fair
market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations (as is the case with the proxy solicitation materials
for the WHC Business Combination). If our board is not able to independently determine that the target business has a sufficient fair
market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that
commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from
an investment banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies
with the 80 threshold. We have not obtained such an opinion in the case of the WHC Business Combination, given that our board of directors
has independently made that determination. 

13 

Lack of Business Diversification 

We are currently seeking the WHC Business Combination with just one
business that of WHC. Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success will be entirely dependent upon the future performance
of WHC s business operations. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities
operating in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify
our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only
a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to numerous economic,
competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which
we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and 

result in our dependency upon
the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business 
Management 

Although we have scrutinized the management of WHC (and would do likewise
with any other potential target business) when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination with it, we cannot assure
you that our assessment of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the
future management of the combined company will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore,
the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in WHC or any other business following a business combination cannot presently
be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory
positions with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent
to a business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination
if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would
take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form
of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination.
While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business,
their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision
as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, not all of our officers and directors have
significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of WHC, and may not have such experience or knowledge with respect to any
other particular target business. 

Following a business combination, the combined company may seek to
recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that the combined company
will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers it does recruit will have the requisite skills,
knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an
Initial Business Combination 

In connection with any proposed business combination, we will either
(1) as we plan to do in the case of the WHC Business Combination, seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general
meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against
the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, for their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer
(and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will
seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will
be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the
terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. In the case of the WHC Business Combination, the terms
of the WHC Business Combination Agreement require us to obtain that shareholder approval. If we determine to engage in a tender offer,
such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion
of his, her or its shares. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. 

14 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as
well as a closing condition under the WHC Business Combination Agreement, provide that we will consummate our initial business combination
only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation. In addition, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that if we seek shareholder approval for our initial business combination
(as is the case with the WHC Business Combination), a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business
combination. We have chosen our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If we do not meet that requirement, and WHC and/or our shareholders do not approve amendments
to the WHC Business Combination Agreement or the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to eliminate those requirements,
we will be unable to complete the WHC Business Combination, and our public shareholders may need to wait until June 20, 2023 (or later,
if we extend that date) in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account upon our liquidation. 

In connection with the Spree extraordinary general meeting to approve
the WHC Business Combination (or any other potential business combination), our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and directors
have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of the proposed business combination, (2) not to redeem any ordinary
shares in connection with the shareholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination and (3) in the case of a tender offer
(not applicable to the WHC Business Combination), not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. 

None of our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders or their
affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or Class A ordinary shares from persons in the open market or in private transactions.
However, if a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against a proposed business combination or indicate
that they wish to have their shares redeemed, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such
purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote and reduce the number of redemptions. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of Class A ordinary
shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation
of a company s stock. 

Redemption Rights 

At any general meeting called to approve an initial business combination,
public shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination
or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days
prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide
our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their Class A ordinary shares to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the
need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
less any taxes then due but not yet paid. 

Our sponsor, initial shareholders and our officers and directors do
not have redemption rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to, or following,
our initial public offering or purchased by them in the aftermarket. 

15 

We may require public shareholders, whether they are a record holder
or hold their shares in street name, to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their
shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the
holder s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the
business combination. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares
or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent typically charges the tendering broker 45.00, and it would be up to the
broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require
holders seeking to exercise redemption rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless
of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise redemption
rights prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may
result in an increased cost to shareholders. 

Any proxy solicitation materials we furnish to shareholders in connection
with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy such certification and
delivery requirements. The proxy statement/prospectus for the Spree extraordinary general meeting at which the approval of the WHC Business
Combination will be presented includes such a requirement. Accordingly, a shareholder would have from the time the shareholder received
our proxy statement/prospectus up until two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination
to deliver his, her or its shares if he, she or it wishes to seek to exercise his redemption rights. This time period varies depending
on the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished by the shareholder, whether or not he,
she or it is a record holder or his, her or its shares are held in street name, in a matter of hours by simply contacting
the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his, her or its shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time period
is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. Please see the risk factor titled In connection
with any general meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require shareholders who wish to redeem their
shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult
for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights for further information on the risks
of failing to comply with these requirements. 

Any request to redeem such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any
time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of Class A ordinary
shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date
not to elect to exercise such rights, he or she may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If the initial business combination is not approved or completed for
any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares
for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. 

If the WHC Business Combination is not completed, we may continue to
try to complete a business combination with a different target until 18 months from the closing date of our initial public offering (or
up to any additional Extension Period, if applicable). 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial
Business Combination 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have only
18 months (after including the three-month Extension Period to which we are already entitled) from the closing date of our initial public
offering (as may be extended further under any additional Extension Period, if applicable) to complete our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 18-month period or any additional Extension Period, we will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable)
divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire
worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 18-month time period or any additional Extension Period.
Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to their founders shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
18 months or during any additional Extension Period from the closing date of our initial public offering. However, if our initial shareholders
acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if
we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 18-month time frame or any additional Extension Period. 

16 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written
agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that
would affect our public shareholders ability to redeem or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as
described herein or to modify the substance or timing the redemption rights provided to shareholders as described in this Annual Report
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless
we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be
net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our
initial business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our
plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts held outside the trust account (approximately 7,000
as of December 31, 2022), although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds
are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any
interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up
to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds from our initial public
offering and the sale of the private units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest,
if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately
 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher
priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
will not be substantially less than 10.20. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds
sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than
our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders,
there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from
bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other
similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect
to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management performs an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will
enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third party s engagement
would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find
a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they
may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse
against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will
be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following
redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent
auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a
transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to
any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters as part of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. Because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations are limited to searching
for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only third parties we currently engage are vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers,
computer or information and technical services providers or prospective target businesses. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that
our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations.
We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties
including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

17 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
(1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of
the trust account, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn
to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations
related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its
indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our
sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment
may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value
of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.20 per share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify
the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors),
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have
access to up to approximately 7,000 (as of December 31, 2022) from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
units that is held outside of our trust account, with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in
connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it
is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust
account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

If we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up
or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
insolvency laws, and may be included in our insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims
of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20
per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or insolvency laws as a voidable preference. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by
our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in
bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account
prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the
trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only in connection
with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (2)
the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to redeem or sell their shares to us in connection
with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of the redemption rights provided to shareholders
as described in this Annual Report, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity and (3) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within
18 months (reflecting an initial three-month Extension Period to which we are entitled) from the closing date of our initial public offering
or during any additional Extension Period, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a
shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with our initial business combination alone will not
result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must
have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

18 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association contain certain requirements and restrictions that apply to us until the completion of our initial business
combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain a provision that if we seek to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to redeem or sell their
shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
redeem our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing date of our initial
public offering or during any Extension Period (including the initial three-month Extension Period to which we are entitled) or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such amendment. Specifically, our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: prior to the completion of our initial business combination,
we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general meeting called for such purpose at which
public shareholders may elect to redeem their public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for
or against the proposed business combination, or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion
of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need
for a shareholder vote), in each in cash, for an amount payable in cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
as of two business days prior to the completion of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net
of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; 

we will consummate our initial
business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our
initial business combination and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted
are voted in favor of the business combination; 

if our initial business combination
is not consummated within 15 months from the closing date of our initial public offering or during any Extension Period (including the
initial three-month Extension Period to which we are entitled), then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts
in the trust account; and 

prior to our initial business
combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or
(2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 15 months
from the closing date of our initial public offering (or up to any Extension Period, if applicable, including initial three-month Extension
Period to which we are entitled) or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. 

These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of holders
of at least two-thirds of our Class A ordinary shares present and voting at a general meeting. In the event we seek shareholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we may
consummate our initial business combination only if approved by an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative
vote of a simple majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general
meeting in favor of the business combination. 

Additionally, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that, prior to our initial business combination, holders of our founders shares are the only shareholders that will have the right
to vote on the appointment of directors and the right to remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of
our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any
vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founders shares and holders of our
public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

19 

Comparison of redemption or purchase prices in connection with our
initial business combination and if we fail to complete our initial business combination. 

The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases
of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and if we are unable to complete
our initial business combination within 18 months (which includes the initial three-month Extension Period to which we are entitled) or
any additional Extension Period, if applicable, following the closing of our IPO. 

Redemptions in Connection 
with our Initial Business 
Combination 
 
 Other Permitted Purchases 
of Public Shares by our 
Affiliates 
 
 Redemptions if we fail to 
Complete an Initial Business 
Combination 
 
 Calculation of 
redemption 
price 
 
 Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. In either case, our public shareholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per share), including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination. 
 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. Such purchases will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. 
 
 If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or any additional Extension Period) from the closing of our IPO, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per share), including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. 

Impact to remaining shareholders 
 
 The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining shareholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting fee and interest withdrawn in order to pay taxes (to the extent not paid from amounts accrued as interest on the funds held in the trust account). 
 
 If the permitted purchases described above are made, there will be no impact to our remaining shareholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. 
 
 The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our sponsor, who will be our only remaining shareholder after such redemptions. 

20 

Competition 

We face intense competition from other entities having a business
objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies
and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals
and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of
companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other
resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources are relatively limited when contrasted with those of
many of these competitors. In the event that we are unsuccessful in consummating the WHC Business Combination, we believe that while there
are numerous target businesses that we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of
the private units, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable is limited by
our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain
target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we are obligated to
redeem a significant amount of our Class A ordinary shares for cash, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our
initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business
combination. We may furthermore face competition from other newly-formed entities that may target a business combination transaction with
similar focus areas as ours, which may intensify the competition that we face in achieving our objective. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Certain of our executive officers and directors have or may have fiduciary
and contractual duties to certain companies in which they have invested. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities.
If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing it. However, we do not expect these duties
to present a significant conflict of interest with our search for an initial business combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is
or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes
aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to
such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual
serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging
directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy
in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for
any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

21 

One of our directors, Joachim Drees, was formerly a member of the executive
management board of TRATON SE (formerly Volkswagen Truck Bus GmbH) and is subject to certain restrictions under a termination agreement
with TRATON SE. While his appointment as a director of our company was approved by the executive management board of TRATON SE, that executive
management board may revoke that approval following our planned business combination if it comes to the conclusion that our company (after
combination with a target company) is in direct competition with TRATON SE and its affiliates. In that case, he would be unable to continue
serving as our director following the business combination. 

Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent
any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below
(1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of
the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes,
except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as
to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters as part of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company
and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Annual Report, we have three (3) officers,
none of whom is an employee of our company. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to
our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial
business combination. The amount of time that our officers or any other members of our management team devote in any time period varies
based on the status of our pursuit of a target business for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination
process. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under
the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the
SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, each of our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and
reported on by our independent registered public auditors. 

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the
prospective target business (as we will do for WHC) as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled
to, U.S. GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance
with PCAOB standards. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because
some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with
federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. While this may limit the pool of potential
business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

22 

We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures
audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal
controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the
time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging
growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition
period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (1)
the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s
second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the
prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS
Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of
the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equal or exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal
year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s
second fiscal quarter. 

23 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of
risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report,
before making a decision to invest in our units, Class A ordinary shares, or warrants. If any of the following events occurs, our business,
financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could
decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability
to Consummate, the WHC Business Combination or Any Other Business Combination 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our public shares may not allow us to complete the WHC Business Combination in the most desirable
manner that will optimize the capital structure of New WHC, or at all. 

Over the last year, the rate of redemption of shares by public shareholders
of special purpose acquisition companies, or SPACs, such as ours at the time of the initial business combination of a SPAC has increased
significantly, thereby increasing the likelihood that we, too, will face a high level of redemptions that will jeopardize our ability
to successfully consummate the WHC Business Combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters
for our IPO will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination and such amount of deferred
underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial business combination. If we are able to consummate
the WHC Business Combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to pay, and
the payment of, the deferred underwriting commissions. 

If a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially
expected, we may need to restructure the WHC Business Combination or any other business combination transaction to reserve a greater portion
of the cash in the trust account or arrange for substantial third party financing. In the case of the WHC Business Combination, we need
to meet the WHC Minimum Cash Condition, which requires us to have 50 million of aggregate cash from the trust account (net of redemptions)
and any PIPE financing (net of certain expenses). Due to the expected high rates of redemptions of public shares we will likely be relying
upon significant PIPE or other outside financing to meet the WHC Minimum Cash Condition. Raising additional third party financing may
involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit
our ability to complete the WHC Business Combination in the most desirable manner that will optimize our capital structure. 

At the time of entering into the WHC Business Combination Agreement,
we did not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore, we needed to structure the transaction based
on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. Unless the Minimum Cash Condition is waived by WHC,
the WHC Business Combination Agreement could terminate and the WHC Business Combination may not be consummated. 

24 

If we are not able to complete the WHC Business Combination nor
able to complete another business combination by June 20, 2023, in each case, as such date may be extended pursuant to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem
our Class A ordinary shares and liquidate the trust account, in which case our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.20
per share or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively
impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein, including as a
result of high inflation, rising interest rates, fears of recession, terrorist attacks, natural disaster or a significant outbreak of
infectious diseases. These trends could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased
market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally,
these trends may negatively impact the business of New WHC following the WHC Business Combination. 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by June
30, 2023 or within an additional Extension Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable)) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by June
30, 2023 or within an additional Extension Period. In such case, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.20 per share
or less than 10.20 per share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third
parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors herein. 

We may be unable to obtain on reasonable terms or at all 
additional financing in connection with our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of WHC or another target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Because of expected significant redemptions of public shares, the net
proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private units in the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to meet
the WHC Minimum Cash Condition in the WHC Business Combination Agreement and to complete the WHC Business Combination or any other initial
business combination. We may therefore be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. While
we plan to pursue a PIPE financing, we cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the
extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete the WHC Business Combination, we would be compelled
to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate.
The market for financings of initial business combinations of SPACs in recent times has been very difficult, with financings often available
only on terms that are onerous to the surviving company of the business combination. The failure to secure additional financing on reasonable
terms could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of the sponsor or our other
shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable
to complete he WHC Business Combination or any other initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive approximately
 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public
shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims
against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be
less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors below. 

25 

If our initial business combination with WHC (or any other initial
business combination) is not completed (due to excessive redemptions or other reasons), you may need to wait for liquidation in order
to obtain value for your shares. 

If the WHC Business Combination is not completed (due to excessive
redemptions that cause us to fail to meet the WHC Minimum Cash Condition, or for any other reason), you would not receive your pro rata
portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell
your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust
account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with
our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

Neither the Spree Board nor any committee thereof obtained a
third-party valuation in determining whether or not to pursue the WHC Business Combination. 

Neither the Spree Board nor any committee thereof is required to obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking or accounting firm that the price that Spree will pay for WHC is fair to Spree from
a financial point of view. Neither the Spree Board nor any committee thereof obtained a third-party valuation in connection with the WHC
Business Combination. In analyzing the WHC Business Combination, the Spree Board and management conducted due diligence on WHC and researched
the industry in which WHC operates. The Spree Board reviewed, among other things, financial due diligence materials prepared by professional
advisors, including quality of earnings reports and tax due diligence reports, financial and market data information on selected comparable
companies, the implied purchase price multiple of WHC and the financial terms set forth in the WHC Business Combination Agreement, and
concluded that the WHC Business Combination was in the best interest of Spree s shareholders. Accordingly, investors will be relying
solely on the judgment of the Spree Board and management in valuing WHC, and the Spree Board and management may not have properly valued
WHC s business. The lack of a third-party valuation may also lead an increased number of shareholders to vote against the WHC Business
Combination or demand redemption of their shares, which could potentially impact our ability to consummate the WHC Business Combination. 

We have not obtained a fairness opinion from an independent investment
banking firm for the WHC Business Combination, and consequently, there is no assurance from an independent source that the WHC Business
Combination is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

We are not required to, and have not obtained, a fairness opinion from
an independent investment banking firm that the WHC Business Combination is fair to our public shareholders from a financial point of
view. The fair market value of WHC has been determined by our board based upon the financial skills and background of its directors, and
our public shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board with respect to such matters. 

We intend to issue our shares to investors
in connection with the WHC Business Combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. 

In connection with the WHC Business Combination, we will issue shares
to investors in a private placement, or PIPE, financing at a price to be determined. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us
to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially
significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. 

26 

We need to comply with the rules of NYSE that require our initial
business combination to occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the assets
held in the trust account at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. 

The rules of NYSE require that our initial business combination occur
with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination.
This restriction may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete a business combination. While we believe that WHC
complies with this requirement, if we are unable to complete the WHC Business Combination and we are unable to locate an alternative target
business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share,
or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we are not then
listed on NYSE for whatever reason, we would not be required to satisfy the foregoing 80 fair market value test and could complete a
business combination with a target business having a fair market value substantially below 80 of the balance in the trust account. 

In connection with our attempt to obtain shareholder approval
of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may elect to purchase shares
or warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float 
of our securities. 

Pursuant to the Registration Statement that we filed with the SEC on
February 14, 2023, we will seek shareholder approval of the WHC Business Combination. Our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any
of their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in
the open market either prior to or following the completion of the WHC Business Combination, although they are under no obligation or
duty to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our
shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders
who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such
selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial
business combination. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder
would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. The purpose of such purchases could
be to vote such shares in favor of the WHC Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval
of the WHC Business Combination or to satisfy the WHC Minimum Cash Condition if it appears that such closing condition would otherwise
not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote
such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. This may
result in the completion of our initial business combination when it may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our
securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a
national securities exchange. 

27 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank
check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. We cannot assure you
that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments, in a manner that
makes it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check
companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. For example, blank
check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate
an initial business combination. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special
resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law. A resolution is deemed to be a special resolution as a matter of Cayman
Islands law where it has been approved by either (1) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles
of association) of a company s shareholders at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution
as a special resolution has been given or (2) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution
of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions
must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a shareholders meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold
permissible under Cayman Islands law) (other than amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial
business combination, which require the approval of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting), or by a unanimous
written resolution of all of our shareholders. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate
our initial business combination. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering not being
held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate through June 20, 2023 (or until the end of any additional Extension
Period), and we are unable to obtain additional capital, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case
our public shareholders may only receive 10.20 per share. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 7,000 in cash held outside
the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient
to allow us to operate until June 20, 2023 (or until the end of any further Extension Period), assuming that the WHC Business Combination
is not completed during that time. We might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect
to, any additional target businesses. 

If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow
funds from the sponsor, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Any such advances
would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination.
If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.20 per share on our redemption of the public
shares. 

28 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds
from third-party claims against us. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective
target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waive any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements,
or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited
to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust
account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any
claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek
recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination,
we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years
following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.20 per share
initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent
any claims by a vendor (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.20
per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except
as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriters as part of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Accordingly, our sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve
for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were
successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced
to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive
such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify
us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

29 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations
of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay
taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a
particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce
its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose
not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount
of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in
connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us
to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency
court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by
paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

30 

The notes to the financial statements included in this Annual
Report contain an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We cannot assure you that our plans to consummate an initial business
combination will be successful, which is in part dependent on our ability to obtain sufficient financing for the company that continues
after that business combination. The market for financings of companies emerging from a business combination with a SPAC has become very
tight in the last year-plus. In the absence of such a business combination transaction, our company will cease to exist after June 20,
2023 (which reflects an Extension Period due to our announcement of entry into the WHC Business Combination Agreement), which would occur
less than 12 months following the date of this Annual Report. The short-term expiration date for our company, as well as our need to obtain
additional funds in order to satisfy our liquidity needs, raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The
financial statements contained in Item 15 of this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to
consummate a business combination or our inability to continue as a going concern. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment
Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it
difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, (or the Investment Company Act), our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature
of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance
of securities; 

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial
business combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment
company; 

adoption of a specific form
of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping,
voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities subjects
us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in United States government
treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds is restricted to these instruments,
we believe we meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed
to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for
which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the
liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

31 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties
against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions
received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution
was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to
recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary
duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying
public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to
be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would
be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of up to 18,292 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the completion
of our initial business combination. Our public shareholders do not have the right to appoint directors prior to the consummation of our
business combination and do not have the right to call a general meeting. 

In accordance with NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not
required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NYSE. There is no requirement
under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general
meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with management. As holders of our Class A
ordinary shares, our public shareholders also do not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to completion of our
initial business combination. In addition, during that time period, holders of a majority of our founders shares may remove a member of
the board of directors for any reason. Under our amended and restated articles of association, our shareholders furthermore do not have
the right to call a general meeting. 

We may only be able to complete one business combination with
the proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private units, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single
business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and
profitability. 

Of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of
the private units, approximately 208,689,550 (assuming no redemption of Class A ordinary shares) was available to us as of March 21,
2023 to complete our business combination and pay related fees and expenses (which fees include 9,000,000 for the payment of a deferred
underwriting fee to Stifel subject to our consummation of a business combination transaction). 

32 

We may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with
more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that
we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several
target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single
entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able
to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have
the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly,
the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance
of a single business (such as WHC s business), property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development
or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services (such as those of WHC). 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive
and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the industry in which the combined company plans
to operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with
a private company (such as WHC) about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our
initial business combination with a privately held company (such as WHC). Very little public information generally exists about private
companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of
limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The
absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority
of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do
not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our initial business combination
(such that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules), or any greater net tangible asset or cash
requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete
our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have
redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection
with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their
shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would
be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash
conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not
complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders
thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

33 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares who attend and vote
at a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore,
to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial
business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter
which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination
activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s shares. In those companies, amendment of these provisions
typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that any of their provisions, including those related to pre-business combination activity (including
the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of units into the trust account and not release
such amounts except in specified circumstances), may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who
attend and vote in a general meeting, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust
account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares (other than amendments relating to the appointment or removal
of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a
general meeting). Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares following the closing date of
our initial public offering, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or
trust agreement and have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other
blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial business combination with which you do not agree. However,
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prohibit any amendment of their provisions (A) that would affect our public
shareholders ability to redeem or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify
the substance or timing of the redemption rights provided to shareholders as described in this Annual Report if we do not complete our
initial business combination within 15 months from the closing date of our initial public offering or during any Extension Period or (B)
with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless, in either
case, we provide public shareholders the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Furthermore, our sponsor, officers and directors have
agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose such an amendment unless we provide our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. In certain circumstances, our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any
breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be
adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. 

Our warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the
warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval
by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder
if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the
terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of
such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or
decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

34 

Certain agreements related to our initial public offering may
be amended without shareholder approval. 

Certain agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to
our initial public offering, the investment management trust agreement between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers and directors, the registration rights agreement among us and our sponsor and
the administrative and support services agreement between us and our sponsor, may be amended without shareholder approval. These agreements
contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem to be material. For example, the underwriting agreement related to
our initial public offering contains a covenant that the target company that we acquire must have a fair market value equal to at least
80 of the balance in the trust account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the transaction with such target business
(excluding (i) the fee to be paid to Stifel as a deferred underwriting fee at the time of the business combination and (ii) taxes payable
on the income earned on the trust account) so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE. While we do not
expect our board to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that
our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such
agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendment may have an adverse effect on the
value of an investment in our securities. 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

Subsequent to consummation of the WHC Business Combination (or
alternative business combination), we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges
that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the share price of our securities,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

We cannot assure you that the due diligence conducted in relation to
WHC has identified all material issues or risks associated with WHC, its business or the industry in which it competes. As a result of
these factors, we may incur additional costs and expenses and we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our
operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence has identified certain
risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis.
If any of these risks materialize, this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and
could contribute to negative market perceptions about our securities or New WHC. Accordingly, any shareholders of Spree who choose to
remain New WHC stockholders following the WHC Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the
breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring
a private claim under securities laws that the registration statement or proxy statement/prospectus relating to the WHC Business Combination
contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

35 

Changes in U.S. tax legislation may adversely affect the combined
company s financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 

WHC is a U.S.-based company subject to tax in multiple U.S. tax jurisdictions.
U.S. tax legislation enacted in 2017 (modified in 2020) and 2022, has significantly changed the U.S. federal income taxation of U.S. corporations.
The legislation and regulations promulgated in connection therewith remain unclear in many respects and could be subject to potential
amendments and technical corrections, as well as interpretations and incremental implementing regulations by the U.S. Treasury and U.S.
Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), any of which could lessen or increase certain adverse impacts of the legislation.
In addition, it remains unclear in some instances how these U.S. federal income tax changes will affect state and local taxation, which
often uses federal taxable income as a starting point for computing state and local tax liabilities. 

We are unable to predict what U.S. tax reforms may be proposed or enacted
in the future or what effects such future changes would have on WHC s business. Any such changes in tax legislation, regulations,
policies or practices in the jurisdictions in which the combined company operates could increase the estimated tax liability that WHC
has expensed to date and paid or accrued on its balance sheet; affect the combined company s financial position, future operating
results, cash flows, and effective tax rates where it has operations; reduce post-tax returns to our equity holders; and increase the
complexity, burden, and cost of tax compliance. The combined company will be subject to potential changes in relevant tax, accounting,
and other laws, regulations, and interpretations, including changes to tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. The governments
of countries in which the combined company operates and other governmental bodies could make unprecedented assertions about how taxation
is determined in their jurisdictions that are contrary to the way in which WHC has interpreted and historically applied the rules and
regulations described above in its income tax returns filed in such jurisdictions. New laws could significantly increase the combined
company s tax obligations in the countries in which it does business or require it to change the manner in which it operates its
business. Many of these changes to the taxation of the combined company s activities could increase its worldwide effective tax
rate and harm its financial position, operating results, and cash flows. 

The combined company may require additional capital to support
the growth of its business, and that capital might not be available on reasonable terms or at all. 

To continue to effectively compete, the combined company may require
additional funds to support the growth of its business and allow it to invest in new services, offerings, and markets. If the combined
company raises additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, its existing equity holders may suffer
significant dilution, and any new equity securities it issues may have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of existing
equity holders. Any debt financing it secures in the future could contain restrictive covenants relating to its ability to incur additional
indebtedness and other financial and operational matters that make it more difficult for it to obtain additional capital with which to
pursue business opportunities. The combined company may not be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if at all. If it
is unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to it when required, its ability to continue to support its
business growth and to respond to business challenges and competition may be significantly limited. 

36 

Risks Relating to our Management Team and Sponsor 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
and to be successful thereafter is totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us via WHC (or other
target company) following our initial business combination. The loss of key WHC (or other target company) personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
(prospectively, the WHC Business Combination) is dependent upon the efforts of our and target company s (WHC s) key personnel.
The role of our key personnel in the target business cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with
WHC in senior management, board member or advisory positions following our WHC Business Combination, all of the management of WHC will
remain in place. While we have attempted to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after the WHC Business Combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. WHC s (or other target company s) management
may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating
a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.
Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations
and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. 

In addition, the officers and directors of WHC may resign upon completion
of the WHC Business Combination. The role of WHC s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot
be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of WHC s management team will remain associated with WHC
following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of WHC will not wish to remain in place. The
departure of WHC s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-business combination company. 

Since the sponsor and Spree s directors and executive officers,
have interests that are different, or in addition to (and which may conflict with), the interests of our shareholders, a conflict of interest
may have existed in determining whether the WHC Business Combination is appropriate as our initial business combination. Such interests
include that sponsor, as well as our executive officers and directors, will lose their entire investment in us if we do not complete a
business combination. 

When you consider the Spree Board s approval of the WHC Business
Combination, you should keep in mind that the sponsor and the other insiders, including Spree s directors and executive officers,
have interests in such proposal that are different from, or in addition to (which may conflict with), those of Spree shareholders generally. 

These conflicts of interest include, among other
things, the interests listed below: 

the fact that the sponsor has
agreed not to redeem any Class A ordinary shares held by it in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business
combination; 

the fact that the sponsor paid
an aggregate of 25,000 for the 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares currently owned by the sponsor and such securities will have a significantly
higher value at the time of the WHC Business Combination (the Class A ordinary shares into which the Class B ordinary shares are convertible
have an aggregate market value of approximately 52.05 million, based on the closing price of Class A ordinary shares of 10.41
on the NYSE on March 21, 2023); 

37 

the fact that sponsor paid
 9,457,150 for its private units, and that the 945,715 private units would be worthless if a business combination is not consummated
by June 20, 2023 (or before the end of any additional Extension Period, if applicable). The private placement shares and private warrants
included in the private units have an aggregate market value of approximately 9,859,080, based on the closing price of Class A
ordinary shares of 10.41 and the closing price of the public warrants of 0.03 on the NYSE on March 21, 2023; 

the fact that the sponsor and
Spree s current officers and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any ordinary shares (other than public shares) held by them if Spree fails to complete an initial business combination by
June 20, 2023 (or before the end of any additional Extension Period, if applicable); 

the
fact that given the differential in the purchase price that the sponsor paid for the founder shares as compared to the price of the public
units sold in the IPO and the substantial number of Class A ordinary shares that the sponsor will receive upon conversion of the
Class B ordinary shares in connection with the WHC Business Combination, the sponsor and its affiliates may earn a positive rate of return
on their investment even if the New WHC Class A common stock trades below the price initially paid for the public units in the IPO
and the public shareholders experience a negative rate of return following the completion of the WHC Business Combination; 

the fact that the WHC Investor
Rights Agreement has been entered into by the sponsor; 

the fact that, at the option
of the sponsor, any amounts outstanding under any loan made by the sponsor or any of its affiliates to Spree in an aggregate amount of
up to 1,500,000 may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender, in connection with the
consummation of the WHC Business Combination; 

the continued indemnification
of Spree s directors and officers and the continuation of Spree s directors and officers liability insurance
after the WHC Business Combination i.e. , a tail policy 

the fact that the sponsor and
Spree s officers and directors will lose their entire investment in Spree and will not be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
if an initial business combination is not consummated by June 20, 2023 (or before the end of any additional Extension Period, if applicable),
but will benefit from their investment and will be reimbursed for such expenses, without a cap or ceiling, if our initial business combination
successfully closes by that time; 

the fact that the sponsor and
Spree s officers and directors may be eligible to participate in future compensation programs, or become party to employment or
consulting agreements with the combined company; 

the fact that if the trust
account is liquidated, including in the event Spree is unable to complete an initial business combination by June 20, 2023 (or before
the end of any additional Extension Period, if applicable), the Sponsor has agreed to indemnify Spree to ensure that the proceeds in
the trust account are not reduced below 10.20 per public share, or such lesser per public share amount as is in the trust account on
the liquidation date, by the claims of prospective target businesses with which Spree has entered into an acquisition agreement or claims
of any third party for services rendered or products sold to Spree, but only if such a vendor or target business has not executed a waiver
of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account; 

the fact that Spree may be
entitled to distribute or pay over funds held by Spree outside the trust account to the sponsor or any of its affiliates prior to the
Closing; and 

certain of our officers and
directors are affiliates of sponsor, which holds 945,715 Class A ordinary shares, which were issued in a private placement together with
private warrants, and 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, which are convertible into Class A ordinary shares, totaling approximately a
22.9 equity stake in Spree. 

The foregoing personal and financial interests of the sponsor as well
as Spree s directors and executive officers may have influenced their motivation in identifying and selecting WHC as a business
combination target, completing an initial business combination with WHC and influencing the operation of the business following the WHC
Business Combination. 

38 

Because our sponsor, officers and directors can purchase additional
shares in anticipation of the vote on our initial business combination transaction, they may disproportionately influence the outcome
of that vote in a manner that benefits themselves but is averse to the interests of our public shareholders. 

We are seeking shareholder approval of the WHC Business Combination
and we do not plan to conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules. Therefore,
our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open
market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Please see Proposed Business - Comparison
of redemption or purchase prices in connection with our initial business combination and if we fail to complete our initial business combination 
for a description of how such persons determine from which shareholders they will seek to acquire shares. There is no limit as to the
number of shares such persons may purchase, or any restriction on the price that they may pay. 

These persons have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage
in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. However, in the event our sponsor, directors,
officers, or their respective affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a shareholder vote relating to our initial
business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such transaction, which may not
be beneficial for our public shareholders. 

Past performance by the companies in which our management team
and our sponsor s members and affiliates have been involved may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with,
our management team and sponsor s affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team
and sponsor s affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or
(ii) that we may be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record
of our management team and sponsor s affiliates as indicative of our future performance and you may lose all or part of your invested
capital. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team and our sponsor s affiliates have
been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. None of our officers, directors or the affiliates of our sponsor have had
management experience with blank check companies or special purpose acquisition corporations in the past. 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

NYSE may not list New WHC s securities on its exchange,
which could limit investors ability to enter into transactions in New WHC s securities and subject New WHC to additional
trading restrictions. 

If a high level of redemptions materializes, we would have less liquidity
and fewer round-lot holders of our public shares, which may make it more difficult to meet NYSE listing requirements. Since it is
a condition to closing to receive the approval for listing by the NYSE of the shares of New WHC Class A Common Stock to be issued in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, Spree s reduced public float may make it more difficult
for us to meet the NYSE listing requirements, and to consummate the Business Combination. 

Even if we do meet the initial NYSE listing requirements, an active
trading market for New WHC s securities following the Business Combination may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained.
In connection with the Business Combination, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE, we will be required
to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s listing requirements. We will apply to have New WHC s securities listed on the NYSE
upon consummation of the Business Combination. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet all listing requirements. Even if New
WHC s securities are listed on the NYSE, New WHC may be unable to maintain the listing of its securities in the future. 

39 

If New WHC fails to meet the listing requirements and the NYSE does
not list its securities on its exchange, WHC would not be required to consummate the Business Combination. In the event that WHC elected
to waive this condition, and the Business Combination was consummated without New WHC s securities being listed on the NYSE or on
another national securities exchange, New WHC could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market
quotations for New WHC s securities; 

reduced liquidity for New WHC s
securities; 

a determination that New WHC
Class A Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in New WHC Class A Common Stock to adhere to more
stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for New WHC s securities; 

a limited amount of news and
analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue
additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a
federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered
securities. If New WHC s securities were not listed on the NYSE (or another national securities exchange), such securities
would not qualify as covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities because states
are not preempted from regulating the sale of securities that are not covered securities. 

Our sponsor controls the appointment of our board of directors
until completion of our initial business combination and holds a substantial interest in us. As a result, it appoints all of our directors
prior to our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring shareholder vote, potentially in
a manner that you do not support. 

Our sponsor owns 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares
(assuming that it has not purchased any units in our initial public offering or in trading on the open market afterwards). In addition,
prior to our initial business combination, only the founders shares, all of which are held by our sponsor, have the right to vote on the
appointment of directors, and holders of a majority of our founders shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.
Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities,
other than as disclosed in this Annual Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration
of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, as a result of its substantial ownership in our company, our
sponsor may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support,
including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of major corporate transactions.
If our sponsor purchases any Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its
influence over these actions. Accordingly, our sponsor exerts significant influence over actions requiring a shareholder vote at least
until the completion of our initial business combination. 

40 

Our public shareholders will experience immediate dilution as
a consequence of the issuance of New WHC Class A common stock in a PIPE financing, if consummated, and due to future issuances pursuant
to our prospective combined-company New WHC 2022 Incentive Equity Plan and Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

The issuance of additional shares of New WHC Class A common stock in
a PIPE financing concurrently with completion of the WHC Business Combination will significantly dilute the equity interests of existing
holders of Spree securities, and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for the New WHC Class A common stock. 

Additionally, certain directors, officers and employees of New WHC
or WHC will have rights to purchase or receive shares of New WHC Class A common stock as a result of equity awards granted under the New
WHC 2022 Incentive Equity Plan and may purchase shares of New WHC Class A Common Stock under the New WHC Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
Holders of our public shares who become stockholders of New WHC will experience additional dilution when those equity awards and purchase
rights become vested and settled or exercisable, as applicable. The issuance of those additional shares of New WHC Class A common stock
may also adversely affect prevailing market prices for the New WHC Class A common stock. 

A significant portion of New WHC s total outstanding shares
will be restricted from immediate resale upon the Closing but may be sold into the market in the near future. This could cause the market
price of New WHC Class A common stock to drop significantly, even if New WHC s business is doing well. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of New WHC Class A common stock
in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares
intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of New WHC Class A common stock. 

As described in the Registration Statement, it is anticipated that,
upon completion of the WHC Business Combination, (i) our sponsor will own approximately 13.8 of the outstanding New WHC Class A common
stock, and (ii) the current members of WHC will own 39.7 of the outstanding New WHC Class A common stock, on an as-converted basis, through
their ownership of WHC units and New WHC Class X common stock, in each case, assuming that none of our outstanding public shares are redeemed
in connection with the WHC Business Combination, or approximately 19.7 and 56.0 , respectively, assuming that the maximum number of our
outstanding public shares are redeemed in connection with the WHC Business Combination while still enabling the WHC Minimum Cash Condition
to be met. These percentages assume that 25,945,715 shares of New WHC Class A common stock are issued to the holders of our ordinary shares
in respect of those shares at Closing. In addition, these percentages take into account any shares of New WHC Class A common stock that
may be issued in a PIPE financing, if consummated. Based on these assumptions, and assuming that no public shares are redeemed in connection
with the WHC Business Combination, there would be approximately 20,945,715 shares of New WHC Class A common stock and 17,094,661 shares
of New WHC Class X common stock outstanding immediately following the consummation of the WHC Business Combination. If the actual facts
are different than these assumptions, the ownership percentages in New WHC will be different. 

Pursuant to the WHC Investor Rights Agreement, after the consummation
of the WHC Business Combination and subject to certain exceptions, our sponsor and the WHC members will be restricted from selling or
transferring any shares of New WHC Class A common stock. However, these shares may be sold after the expiration of the applicable lock-up
under the WHC Investor Rights Agreement. Pursuant to the WHC Investor Rights Agreement and the PIPE subscription agreements (if any),
New WHC will be required to file one or more registration statements shortly after the Closing to provide for the resale of shares issued
in the PIPE financing, if any, and the shares of New WHC Class A common stock held by the parties to the WHC Investor Rights Agreement.
Upon effectiveness of such registration statement(s), subject to the satisfaction of applicable vesting restrictions and the expiration
or waiver of the market standoff agreements and the lock-up set forth in the WHC Investor Rights Agreement, the shares issued upon exercise
of outstanding stock options, restricted stock unit awards, and warrants or the vesting of other equity awards granted under such plans
will be available for immediate resale in the public market. As restrictions on resale end and the registration statements are available
for use, the market price of New WHC Class A common stock could decline if the holders of currently restricted shares sell them or are
perceived by the market as intending to sell them. 

41 

You do not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust
account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares
or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the
trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only in connection
with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (2)
the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the redemption rights provided to shareholders as described in this
Annual Report, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity
and (3) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing
date of our initial public offering or during any additional Extension Period, subject to applicable law and as further described herein.
In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not
have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you
may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after
they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant if, and only if, the reported last sale price of
the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations
and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending
on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our
redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time
when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish
to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption,
is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than
the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher
and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants. 

Even if we consummate the WHC Business Combination or other business
combination, our publicly traded warrants may never be in the money, and they may expire worthless. 

The exercise price for our public warrants is 11.50 per share. There
can be no assurance that the public warrants will be in the money prior to their expiration and, as such, the warrants may expire worthless.
The terms of public warrants may be amended in a manner that may be adverse to the holders. The Warrant Agreement between Continental,
as warrant agent, and us, provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding public warrants
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants
in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment.
Our ability to amend the terms of the warrants with the consent of a majority of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited.
Examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise
period or decrease the number of shares of New WHC Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

42 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands,
you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be
limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers,
or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to
time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders
and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of
the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman
Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court
in the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of our shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial
precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared
to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate
law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the
United States. 

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts
of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the
civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the
Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the
United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although
there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands recognize
and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle
that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been
given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and
conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment
in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is,
contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be
contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more
difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling
shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that unless we consent to an alternate forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum of
resolution of any claims arising under the Securities Act, which may impose additional litigation costs on our shareholders. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, unless we consent otherwise, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum
for the resolution of any claims arising under the Securities Act (for the sake of clarification, this provision does not apply to causes
of action arising under the Exchange Act). While this provision of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association does not restrict the ability of our shareholders to bring claims under the Securities Act, nor does it affect the remedies
available thereunder if such claims are successful, we recognize that it may limit shareholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial
forum that they find favorable and may increase certain litigation costs which may discourage the filing of claims under the Securities
Act against us, our directors and our officers. However, the enforceability of similar forum provisions in other companies organizational
documents has been challenged in legal proceedings and there is uncertainty as to whether courts would enforce the exclusive forum provisions
in our amended and restated articles of association. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

43 

Our amended and restated articles of association provide that
unless we consent otherwise, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction for all disputes between our
company and our shareholders under the Companies Act. 

Unless we consent otherwise, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall
have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with our memorandum and articles of association
or otherwise related in any way to each shareholder s shareholding in the company, including but not limited to (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director,
officer or other employee of our company to our company or our company s shareholders, or (iii) any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act and each shareholder shall be deemed to have irrevocably submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes. Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that we may have,
each shareholder shall also be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach
of this exclusive forum provision in our memorandum and articles and that accordingly we will be entitled, without proof of special damages,
to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of this provision. This
exclusive forum provision is intended to apply to claims arising under Cayman Islands law and would not apply to claims brought pursuant
to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which U.S. federal courts would have exclusive jurisdiction. Such exclusive
forum provision in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not relieve our company of its duties to comply
with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and shareholders of our company are not deemed to have waived our
compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. This exclusive forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim
in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with our company or our directors or officers which may discourage lawsuits against our
company, our directors, and our officers. However, there is uncertainty as to whether courts would enforce the exclusive forum provisions
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

An investment in our securities may result in uncertain or adverse
United States federal income tax consequences. 

An investment in our securities may result in uncertain United States
federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units
that we issued in our initial public offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the
Class A ordinary share and the one-half warrant to purchase Class A ordinary shares included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS
or the courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the units we are issuing
in our initial public offering is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our
ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized
by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is a long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any
dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for United States federal income tax purposes. Prospective investors
are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our
securities. 

44 

If we do not consummate an initial business combination by June
20, 2023 (or prior to the end of any additional Extension Period, if applicable), our public shareholders may be forced to wait until
after June 20, 2023 before redemption from the trust account. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by
June 20, 2023 (as such date may be extended pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association), we will distribute
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of the net interest earned thereon to pay dissolution expenses), pro
rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as
further described in this proxy statement/prospectus. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be affected automatically
by function of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to
wind-up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation
process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with Cayman Islands law. In that case, investors may be forced to wait
beyond June 20, 2023 (as such date may be extended pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association), before
the redemption proceeds of the trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds
from the trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless,
prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their public shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation
will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if
we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures
with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem
our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares,
such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable,
when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder
fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem
its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares
in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly
tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed.
See Item 1. Business Effecting a Business Combination Redemption Rights. 

The warrants that are part of the units that we offered publicly,
and the warrants that are part of the units that we issued privately, together with our grant of registration rights to our sponsor and
others, may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and may make it more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase 10,000,000 of our ordinary shares at
a price of 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment as provided herein), as part of the 20,000,000 units that we sold as part of our initial
public offering. Furthermore, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued to our sponsor in a private placement
an aggregate of 472,858 private warrants, as part of 945,715 private units. Each warrant is exercisable to purchase one ordinary share
at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans,
up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. Such warrants
would be identical to the private warrants. 

45 

Pursuant to an agreement that was entered into concurrently with the
issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our sponsor, management team and their permitted transferees can demand
that we register the resale of their founders shares beginning at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor,
as the holder of our private units, and its permitted transferees, can demand that we register the resale of the private units (private
shares and/or private warrants) and the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private warrants. Holders
of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of those warrants, or the
issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of those warrants. 

The potential issuance of shares underlying our various groups of warrants,
together with the foregoing registration rights with respect to those shares and other shares, allows, potentially, a significant, additional
number of our Class A ordinary shares to become available for trading in the public market. That potential development may have an adverse
effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares even without there being actual additional issuances or resales. In addition,
the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. The shareholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected from the potential resale of the Class A ordinary
shares owned by our sponsor, or issuable upon exercise of the private warrants or conversion of working capital loans that may be provided
by our sponsor, or by permitted transferees of those securities. Those resales are enabled by the registration rights. 

The Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
may decrease the value of our securities following our initial business combination, hinder our ability to consummate an initial business
combination, and decrease the amount of funds available for distribution. 

On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction
Act of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased by certain domestic publicly
traded corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). However, for
purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances
against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation
itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. 

As provided in the WHC Business Combination Agreement, the redemption
of public shares in connection with the WHC Business Combination will take place prior to the Domestication at a time when we are a Cayman
Islands exempted company. Therefore, we believe that the Excise Tax will not apply given that we will not be a covered corporation 
within the meaning of the Inflation Reduction Act at the time of the redemption of public shares. However, the U.S. Department of Treasury
has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of, the Excise Tax.
Under this authority, the U.S. Department of Treasury and the IRS have issued recent interim guidance, on which taxpayers may rely pending
promulgation of regulations, and this guidance requests comments on various issues, including at what point in time within a taxable year
a given corporation will be treated as becoming a covered corporation for purposes of the Excise Tax. If our interpretation related to
the existing provision of the Excise Tax is not correct or if future guidance were to treat us as a covered corporation for purposes of
the Excise Tax, then it is possible that the Excise Tax will apply to any redemptions of our public shares after December 31, 2022, including
redemptions in connection with the Business Combination or any other initial business combination, unless an exemption is available. Consequently,
the value of your investment in our securities may decrease as a result of the Excise Tax. In the event the Excise Tax applies, issuances
of securities in connection with a PIPE transaction at the time of our initial business combination may reduce the amount of the Excise
Tax in connection with redemptions at such time. 

If the WHC Business Combination is not consummated, the Excise Tax
may make a transaction with us less appealing to other potential business combination targets, and thus, potentially hinder our ability
to enter into and consummate an initial business combination, particularly an initial business combination in which PIPE issuances are
not substantial. Further, the application of the Excise Tax in the event of a liquidation is uncertain, and the proceeds held in the trust
account could be subject to the Excise Tax, in which case the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in
connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

46 

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, 
which could result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is
included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined below) of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be
subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our
current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances,
the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the
start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent
taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, moreover, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year.
If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year (of which there can be no assurance), we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder
such information as the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable
the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely
provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors
to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed discussion of the tax consequences
of PFIC classification to U.S. Holders, see the section of the final prospectus (SEC File No. 333-261367), dated December 15, 2021, for
our IPO, filed with the SEC pursuant to Securities Act Rule 424(b)(4) on December 17, 2021, under the caption Income Tax Considerations
- United States Federal Income Taxation - U.S. Holders - Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules (available at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/0001881462/000121390021065857/f424b41221_spreeacq.htm#T5). 

The term U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of units,
Class A ordinary shares or warrants who or that is for United States federal income tax purposes: (i) an individual citizen or resident
of the United States, (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) that
is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District
of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source or (iv)
a trust if (A) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or
more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (B) it has in effect a valid election to be
treated as a U.S. person. 

General Risk Factors 

We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history
and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a recently formed company incorporated under the laws of the
Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack a significant operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our
ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with a target business. We may be unable to complete
the WHC Business Combination and, if we fail, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We currently maintain our executive offices at 94 Yigal
Alon, Building B, 31 st floor, Tel Aviv, 6789139, Israel. Our executive offices are provided to us by our sponsor at a minimal
payment per month (included in the fee of up to 10,000 per month that we pay to our sponsor for administrative and support services).
We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding
currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

47 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on
the NYSE under the symbols SHAPU, SHAP and SHAPW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading
on December 20, 2021 and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants commenced separate trading on the NYSE on February 7, 2022. 

(b) Holders 

As of March 16, 2023, there were two holders of record of our units,
one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares (on a stand-alone basis, apart from our units), one holder of record of our Class
B ordinary shares and one holder of record of our warrants (on a stand-alone basis, apart from our units). 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares
to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends
in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent
to completion of our initial business combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. The payment of any cash
dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition,
our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future. 

(d) Securities Authorized for
Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

In August 2021, our sponsor s wholly-owned subsidiary purchased
5,750,000 founders shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.0043 per share. Of those founders shares, 718,750
shares and 31,250 shares were surrendered for no consideration in November 2021 and January 2022, respectively (in the latter case, due
to the incomplete exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in connection with our initial public offering), thereby resulting
in an effective purchase price of 0.005 per share for the remaining 5,000,000 founder shares held by our sponsor s wholly-owned
subsidiary. 

Substantially concurrent with the closing of the initial public offering,
we conducted a private placement of an aggregate of 945,715 private units, comprised of 945,715 private shares and 472,858 private warrants,
at a price of 10.00 per unit 9,457,150 in the aggregate). 

48 

The funds from the sale of the private units are used to maintain in
the trust fund (in which the initial public offering s proceeds are held) an amount equal to 10.20 per public share sold in the
offering. The private warrants that are part of the private units are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in the initial
public offering except that: (1) they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain
limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination;
(2) they may not be redeemed; and (3) they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration
rights. 

In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked
securities convertible or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in our
initial public offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which founders shares will convert
into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary shares then in issue)
so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on
an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of our initial public offering
plus the number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller
in our initial business combination.. 

With certain limited exceptions, the founders shares are not transferable,
assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will
be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination
or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00
per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, amalgamation,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Use of Proceeds 

On December 20, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering. Pursuant
to such offering, we offered and sold an aggregate of 20,000,000 units, consisting of 17,500,000 units that served as the base offering
amount, and an additional 2,500,000 units for which the underwriters exercised an over-allotment option (out of a total of 2,625,000 units
for which the underwriters had been granted an over-allotment option for 45 days following the pricing of the initial public offering). 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of a
redeemable warrant of the Company. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per
share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating 200,000,000 of gross proceeds to us. 

49 

Substantially concurrently with the closing of the initial public offering,
we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 945,715 units to our sponsor. The purchase price per private units was 10.00, generating
 9,457,150 of aggregate gross proceeds to us. The warrants contained in the private units are identical to the warrants included in the
units sold in the initial public offering except that, for so long as they are held by the sponsor or its affiliates: (1) they will not
be redeemable by us; (2) they may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of those warrants), subject to certain
limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination;
and (3) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. 

A total of 204,000,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of
the private units was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from
such use as described in our final prospectus (File No. 333-261367), dated December 15, 2021, which formed a part of our registration
statement on Form S-1 that was declared effective by the SEC on December 15, 2021. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than statements of historical fact included in
this annual report including, without limitation, statements under this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management
for future operations, are forward looking statements. When used in this annual report, words such may, should, 
 could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking
statements. 

Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include,
but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management,
as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. No assurance can be given that results in any
forward-looking statement will be achieved and actual results could be affected by one or more factors, which could cause them to differ
materially. The cautionary statements made in this annual report should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements
whenever they appear in this annual report. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements
contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking
statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements
attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

50 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted
company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses. We completed our initial public offering in December 2021, and since that time, we have
engaged in discussions with, and due diligence with respect to, potential business combination target companies and, in October 2022,
entered into the WHC Business Combination Agreement with WHC Worldwide, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company doing business as zTrip ,
as described in Item 1. Business Prospective WHC Business Combination above. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using (i) cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private units, (ii)
cash from a new PIPE financing involving the sale of our shares and/or other equity, (iii) cash from one or more debt financings, if necessary,
and/or (iv) issuance of shares to WHC members (or, if applicable, the equity holders of an alternative target company). 

The issuance of additional ordinary shares in a business combination: 

may significantly dilute the
equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions of the Class
B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class
B ordinary shares (although our sponsor, as the dole holder of the Class B ordinary shares, has waived its anti-dilution rights in respect
of the WHC Business Combination); 

could cause a change of control
if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating
loss carry forwards, if any; 

may have the effect of delaying
or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;
and 

may adversely affect prevailing
market prices for our Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant
indebtedness, that could result in: 

default and foreclosure on
our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations
to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the
maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all
principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary
additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security
is issued and outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends
on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion
of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary
shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

51 

limitations on our flexibility
in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to
adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability
to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and
other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had approximately 7,000 and 1,011,000, respectively, of cash, and approximately 1,450,000) and
 1,297,000, respectively, of working capital. Further, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of the WHC Business
Combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete the WHC Business Combination (or any other initial business combination)
or a related capital-raise will be successful. 

Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events 

We have not engaged in any revenue-generating operations to date. Our
only activities since inception have been organizational activities and preparations for our initial public offering and, subsequent to
our initial public offering, searching for, and due diligence related to, potential target companies with which to consummate a business
combination transaction, our entry into the WHC Business Combination Agreement and certain related agreements, and activities related
to the prospective WHC Business Combination and accompanying financing arrangements. We have not and we will not generate any operating
revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We generate income in the form of interest income on funds held in
our trust account after our initial public offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no
material adverse change has occurred since the December 31, 2022 date of our financial statements contained in this Annual Report. After
our initial public offering, which was consummated in December 2021, we have been incurring increased expenses as a result of being a
public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses related to
our search for a target company and activities related to the prospective consummation of the WHC Business Combination. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs
in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Our management expects that the proceeds of our initial public offering, together with
proceeds from additional loans from our sponsor, if necessary (as described below), will suffice to cover our working capital needs until
the WHC Business Combination (or an alternative initial business combination). We cannot assure you that our plans to consummate, or to
finance our preparations for, the WHC Business Combination (or any other business combination) will be successful. 

Prior to the completion of our initial public offering, our liquidity
needs were satisfied from the availability of up to 300,000 in loans from our sponsor under an unsecured promissory note under which
we had initially borrowed 199,598 prior to the consummation of our initial public offering. The total balance owed under the note was
repaid in full upon the consummation of our initial public offering, and as of December 31, 2022, no amounts remained outstanding under
that note. 

Subsequent to our initial public offering, our working capital needs
have been initially satisfied primarily by the approximately 1,100,000 available to us originally outside our trust account (from the
private placement of private units consummated simultaneously with our initial public offering). 

52 

The net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in our initial public offering,
after deducting offering expenses of approximately 600,000, directors and officers liability insurance premiums of approximately 750,000
and underwriting commissions of 4,000,000 (but excluding a deferred underwriting fee of 9,000,000 that will be payable to the representative
of the underwriters as a deferred underwriting fee at the time of (and subject to the consummation of) our initial business combination
transaction), and after adding back 1,000,000 paid to us by the underwriter to reimburse certain of our expenses, and (ii) the sale of
the private units for a purchase price of 9,457,150 in the aggregate, was 205,100,000. Of this amount, 204,000,000 (including 9,000,000
in potential deferred underwriting fees to be payable to the representative of the underwriters at the time of our initial business combination
transaction) was deposited into a non-interest bearing trust account. The funds in the trust account are invested only in specified U.S.
government treasury bills or in specified money market funds. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 206,826,000 of cash and marketable
securities held in that trust account. We may withdraw interest from the trust to pay taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations
will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. The remaining amount of approximately
 1,100,000 from our initial public offering and private units financing was not transferred to the trust account and was deposited in
our bank account. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 7,000 of cash deposited in that bank account. As of December 31, 2022,
we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 10,450,000. 

We intend to use substantially all of the investments held in the trust
account (after reduction for payments to redeeming shareholders) including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable, if any, and excluding potential fees to be payable to the underwriters for advisory services
in connection with our prospective initial business combination transaction), to fund our post-business combination company. We may withdraw
from the trust interest to pay taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations depend on the amount of interest and other income earned
on the amounts held in the trust account. To the extent that our ordinary shares or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration
to complete our initial business combination (which would be the case in the prospective WHC Business Combination), or if we are acquired
as part of our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account (less any amounts paid out to redeeming
shareholders, plus any amounts raised in a PIPE or other equity financing) will be used as working capital to finance the operations of
the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

Since our initial public offering, we have used the proceeds held outside
of the trust account (the balance of which is 7,000 as of December 31, 2022) primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform
business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target
businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure
and negotiate a business combination, pay for administrative and support services, and pay taxes to the extent the interest earned on
the trust account is not sufficient to pay our taxes. We have used funds held outside of the trust towards performance of all of the foregoing
activities with respect to WHC and in connection with our entry into the WHC Business Combination Agreement and the related agreements,
and, subsequent to that time, for activities related to the prospective WHC Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction
costs in connection with the prospective WHC Business Combination, our sponsor may, but is not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required.
If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside of the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our trust account would be used for such repayment. In lieu of cash repayment, upon the closing of our initial business combination,
up to 1,500,000 of such loans may instead be converted into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The
warrants would be identical to the private warrants (that are part of the private units) issued to our sponsor. The terms of such loans
by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, if any, have not been determined, and no written agreements exist with respect to such
loans. As of December 31, 2022 and as of the date of this Annual Report, there are no amounts outstanding under any such loans from our
sponsor or its affiliates. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, as we do
not believe third parties are willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our
trust account. 

We believe that we will need to request the foregoing loans from our
sponsor in order to satisfy our liquidity needs in our pursuit of an initial business combination, given the timing that we anticipate
for the consummation of the prospective WHC Business Combination. The costs of consummating the WHC Business Combination (or another business
combination) may be greater than what we currently estimate would be needed to do so. Consequently, if our sponsor does not provide us
with additional funding, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. If
we are unable to complete the WHC Business Combination or an alternative initial business combination because we do not have sufficient
funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. 

53 

We will likely need to obtain additional financing (either by issuing
additional securities or incurring debt) to operate the combined company in connection with the consummation of the prospective WHC Business
Combination or an alternative initial business combination, in part because we may become obligated to redeem a significant number of
our public shares in connection with the completion such a business combination and will need the additional funds in order to meet the
WHC Minimum Cash Condition (or cash condition under an alternative business combination) and finance the combined company s operations.
Therefore, we will likely need to issue additional securities in a PIPE or other equity financing, or incur debt. Subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of the prospective WHC Business
Combination or an alternative business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans for that financing will be successful. 

If we are unable to complete our prospective WHC Business Combination
or an alternative business combination, our required liquidation date (June 20, 2023, which reflects an Extension Period due to our announcement
of our entry into the WHC Business Combination Agreement would be less than 12 months after the date of this Annual Report (subject
to any further Extension Period that we may obtain). In addition to that impending required liquidation date, we are dependent upon additional
funding from our sponsor or its affiliates during the period prior to our prospective WHC Business Combination (to be evidenced by promissory
note(s) that we may issue). Those factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Please
see the explanatory paragraph under the heading Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
in the opinion of our independent auditor on our audited financial statements, which appears in Item 15 of this Annual Report. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations;
Quarterly Results 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as described in Item 303 of the SEC s Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments for capital expenditures or contractual obligations.
We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred
to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments
of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating
lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, and
administrative and support services, that it provides to our company. We will continue to incur those monthly fees until the earlier of
the completion of a business combination and our company s liquidation. We are also obligated to pay Stifel, Nicolaus Company,
Incorporated, the representative of the underwriters in our IPO, a deferred underwriting fee of 9.0 million, which represents 4.5 of
the gross proceeds of our IPO, which is payable upon, and subject to, the consummation of our initial business combination transaction. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

None. 

Item 7.A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

The net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the
private units held in the trust account are invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest
rate risk. 

54 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The information required by this Item 8 appears in the F-1 pages of
this Annual Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective
of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management evaluated, with the participation of our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, whom we refer to as our Certifying Officers , the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) or Rule 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation,
our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent
all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure
controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their
costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure
controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act).
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our
management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report
of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the
JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9.C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not applicable. 

55 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our executive officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Eran (Rani) Plaut 
 
 55 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Nir Sasson 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Shay Kronfeld 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and VP Business 
 
 Joachim Drees 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Steven Greenfield 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 David Riemenschneider 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Philipp von Hagen 
 
 53 
 
 Director 

Our directors executive officers are as follows: 

Eran (Rani) Plaut has been our Chairman of the Board,
Director and CEO since August 2021. Mr. Plaut is an entrepreneur and founder of several tech companies in the mobility space, where he
holds chief executive officer and executive board member positions. Since August 2019, Mr. Plaut serves as co-founder and CEO of Polarity,
the developer of an electric VTOL aircraft based on a patent-pending technology that enables extended performance and a new model of ownership
in the eVTOL domain. Mr. Plaut has also served as the executive chairman of Moodify since October 2019, a company specializing in unique
machine learning software tools to enable the production of neuroscience-based materials used in driver monitoring systems and packaged
goods. From January 2010 to May 2016, Mr. Plaut was a part of the founding team at iPulse and CEO of Bmax (as of November 2011), where
he registered a few patents in pulsed power physics, upon which the company developed and sold equipment for metal processing for the
automotive and aerospace industries. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Plaut served as the CEO of Pulsar, a global leader in magnetic pulse welding
for automotive application and before that served in a few executive positions in tech companies. 

56 

Nir Sasson has served as our Chief Operating Officer
since August 2021. Mr. Sasson has a track record of over 30 years of having founded companies in the automotive, semiconductor and communications
sectors. Since January 2020, Mr. Sasson has been advising startup companies in the mobility sector in the areas of technology, product
and business strategy. From November 2016 to December 2019, Mr. Sasson served as a founder and CEO of Spatial Logic Ltd., developing AI-based
visual positioning technology, to drive next generation augmented reality based automotive navigation systems. From April 2008 to January
2016, Mr. Sasson led (as co-founder and CEO from its inception) Autotalks Ltd., a fabless semiconductor company that enabled the vehicle-to-vehicle
and vehicle-to-infrastructure communication revolution. From 1997 to 2007, Mr. Sasson held executive business and R D positions at
Texas Instruments Inc. following the acquisition of Libit Signal Processing Ltd., world leader in the cable modem technology. From 1995
to 1997 Mr. Sasson held R D positions in Motorola, where he developed CDMA systems. From 1990 to 1995 Mr. Sasson served in an elite
R D unit of the Israeli Defense Forces. He holds a B.Sc. and M.Sc. in Electrical Engineering and an Executive MBA, all from Tel-Aviv
University. 

Shay Kronfeld has served as our Chief Financial Officer
and VP Business since August 2021. Mr. Kronfeld is a former investment banker who has focused on the capital markets, particularly SPACs.
In January 2021 Mr. Kronfeld established Pureplay Holdings, which handles all matters related to SPACs, including formation, project management
for venture capital/private equity firms involved in SPACs, and advice to target companies on their potential mergers with SPACs. From
February 2018 until July 2021, Mr. Kronfeld served as CEO of Cuma Financial Ltd. Since February 2018, Mr. Kronfeld has been the Founder
and Managing Partner of Lynays Capital Limited, where he specializes in fundraising and advising growth-stage companies. From February
2013 to February 2018, Mr. Kronfeld was a Managing Director of the Maxim Group investment banking team, where he specialized in cross
border transactions, SPACs and fund raising. From July 2009 to August 2012, Mr. Kronfeld was a Managing Director of investment banking
at Rodman and Renshaw, where he specialized in RD/PIPE s transactions. From January 2004 to July 2009, Mr. Kronfeld was a member
of the institutional sales team at the Maxim Group, where he transacted many SPAC deals. He received a B.A in Finance from the Interdisciplinary
Center in Herzliya, Israel. 

Joachim Drees has served as our director since the consummation
of our initial public offering. Since July 2020, Mr. Drees has been investing in software related start-up companies, particularly in
the EV software charging space but also other industries, as a pre-seed, seed or pre-series A investor. From 2015 until July 2020, Mr.
Drees served as CEO of MAN SE and MAN Truck Bus SE, one of Europe s largest players in the commercial vehicle industry. Prior
to that time, from 2012 to 2014, he was the Chief Financial Officer and a member of the executive board of Drees Sommer AG, a European
consulting, planning and project management enterprise with responsibility for Finance Controlling, M A, Human Resources, Administration,
and Internationalization Support. Mr. Drees held managerial positions in the Daimler Truck Group and at Mercedes-Benz Trucks from 1996
to 2006, including as Commercial Director of the Gaggenau Transmissions Unit and as Head of Commercial Vehicle Controlling. He was also
a member of the Executive Board of TRATON SE (formerly Volkswagen Truck Bus GmbH) and held several non-executive director seats,
from 2015 to July 2020, including at Renk AG from 2017 to 2020. He studied business administration at the University of Stuttgart and
received an MBA from Portland State University. 

Steven Greenfield has served our director since the consummation
of our initial public offering. Since April 2014, Mr. Greenfield serves as CEO of Automotive Ventures LLC, a venture capital fund that
he founded and that focuses on early-state auto tech startups. He also manages a consulting business working with auto tech participants,
as well as PE and VC participants who are targeting the auto tech landscape. Since May 2020, Mr. Greenfield is also a managing director
at Progress Partners, a Boston-based investment bank. From June 2018 to April 2020, he served as TrueCar s SVP of Strategy and Business
Development, and, from January 2011 to April 2014, as AutoTrader.com s VP of Product Management and VP of Business Development,
overseeing the acquisitions of vAuto, Kelley Blue Book, HomeNet Automotive, VinSolutions, and DealerScience. Earlier in his career, Mr.
Greenfield served as Manheim s Director of International Development, overseeing Manheim s overseas investments, including
establishing new joint ventures in Dubai, Istanbul and Beijing. He received a B.A. in Health Sciences from York University in Toronto,
and an MBA from Goizueta Business School at Emory University in Atlanta. 

57 

David Riemenschneider has served as our director since
the consummation of our initial public offering. Mr. Riemenschneider has served as Chairman of the Automotive Transformation Group since
July 2021, which seeks to revolutionize the vehicle sales process via online sales and value chain efficiencies. Mr. Riemenschneider has
been, from 2013 to the present time, a private equity consultant who provides insight and analysis to automotive technology companies
leading up to a management buy-out, and to financial buyers in evaluating automotive tech deals. He is the founder and President of D-Remo
Consulting SASU. Mr. Riemenschneider worked for Ford Motor from 1985 to 2001 in the US and Europe in several key management positions
before becoming the CEO of private-equity backed Clifford Thames in the UK from 2006 to 2013, which was involved in automotive content
management and software-providing solutions to global OEMs on five continents. Mr. Riemenschneider led the development of a connected
vehicle program at a T1 supplier in Germany in 2013. Mr. Riemenschneider worked on many advanced ADAS technologies during this time and
started one of the first dedicated automotive technology focused M A teams at the boutique investment bank Hampleton Partners in London
in 2015. During this time, Mr. Riemenschneider also invested in and held board roles in other automotive and fintech related software
firms, including the Chairman role at Inflexion Private equity s Autofutura and G-Forces automotive software assets in the UK in
2019. Mr. Riemenschneider is also an automotive technology advisor to investment bank GCA Altium, and to Cerebri AI Inc. Mr. Riemenschneider
holds a BBA from Eastern Michigan University and an MBA from the University of Detroit. 

Philipp von Hagen has served as our director since the
consummation of our initial public offering. Since March 2021, Mr. von Hagen serves as the Managing Partner of Future Industry Ventures
S. r.l., the General Partner of FIV Industry 4.0 Ventures Fund S.C.Sp., SICAV-RAIF, a pan-European fund for early and growth stage
investments in industrial technologies. From March 2012 to June 2020, Mr. von Hagen served on the executive board of Porsche Automobil
Holding SE, Germany, where he was responsible for developing and executing an investment strategy, a risk-return based management of investment
portfolio as well as the exercise of ownership and shareholder rights. Prior to that time, between 1998 and 2012 Mr. von Hagen worked
in Global Financial Advisory at Rothschild in London, United Kingdom, and Frankfurt, Germany. He began his career in corporate finance
and equity capital markets at Daiwa Securities Limited, United Kingdom, in 1995 and became a founding member of the corporate finance
advisory division of Intercapital Securities, United Kingdom, in 1997. Mr. von Hagen holds degrees in Economics from the London School
of Economics and Political Science, United Kingdom, and from the University of Oxford, United Kingdom. 

Senior Advisor 

In addition to our directors and executive officers, we also rely upon
the substantial experience and knowledge, in our target industry, of our senior advisor, Mr. Michael Granoff. His biographical information
appears below: 

Michael Granoff is the founder and Managing Partner of
Maniv Mobility, a venture capital fund based in Tel Aviv which invests exclusively in the new mobility future, and which he founded in
2015. Maniv has a portfolio of over 25 mobility startups, in Israel, the US and beyond. They include, among other things, companies developing
sensors, software, simulation, localization, data monetization, autonomous systems, over-the-air updates, automotive cyber-security, micromobility,
and new mobility business models. In addition to serving on the boards of directors of several startup companies, Mr. Granoff serves on
the board of Securing America s Future Energy (SAFE), a Washington, DC-based policy and advocacy organization he helped establish
in 2004. In the past, Mr. Granoff served on the board of Better Place, an electric car network developer. He has been involved in three
US Presidential campaigns and in 2010 received Brandeis University s Asper Award for Global Entrepreneurship. Mr. Granoff holds
a B.A. from Tufts University, an MBA and JD from Kellogg, Northwestern University. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists of five members. Holders of our founders
shares appointed each of our directors prior to consummation of our initial public offering for a two-year term, and holders of our public
shares do not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such term. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association regarding director term may only be amended by a special resolution passed by the holders of at least 90 
of shares as, being entitled to do so, vote in a general meeting. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders,
any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the
meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our founders shares. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and
serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint
persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer,
President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined
by the board of directors. 

58 

Director Independence 

NYSE s listing standards require that a majority of our board
of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined generally
as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in
the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Drees, Greenfield, Riemenschneider
and von Hagen, is an independent director as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee
and compensation committee are each entirely composed of independent directors meeting NYSE s and the SEC s additional requirements
applicable to members of those committees. Our independent directors hold regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors
are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to NYSE listing rules we have established three standing committees
- an audit committee in compliance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, a compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate
governance committee, each comprised of independent directors. Under Section 303A.00 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, a company listing
in connection with its initial public offering is permitted to phase in its compliance with the independent committee requirements. 

Audit Committee 

We have an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Joachim
Drees, David Riemenschneider, and Philipp von Hagen serve as members of our audit committee and Mr. Riemenschneider serves as the chairman
of the audit committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the
audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such prospective member of our audit committee
meets the independent director standard under NYSE listing standards and under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our
board of directors has determined that Mr. Riemenschneider qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in
applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose
and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation,
retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting
firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and
non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing
pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with
the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies
for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for
audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report,
at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and
(ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry
or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits
carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss
our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing
our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any
related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering
into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management,
the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial
statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

59 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors.
Messrs. Drees and Riemenschneider serve as members of our compensation committee and Mr. Drees serves as the chairman of the compensation
committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation
committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such person meets the independent director standard
under NYSE listing standards and Rule 10C-1 of the Exchange Act applicable to members of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the
purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on
an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation (if any is paid by us),
evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations
to our board of directors with respect to the compensation (if any) and any incentive-compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation
policies and plans; 

implementing and administering
our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying
with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites,
special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive
compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending
changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its
sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible
for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation
consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser,
including the factors required by NYSE and the SEC. 

Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee 

We have established a nominating and corporate governance committee
of the board of directors. The initial members of our nominating and corporate governance are Steven Greenfield and Philipp von Hagen.
Mr. Greenfield serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter,
which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: 

screening and reviewing individuals
qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates
for nomination for election at the annual meeting of shareholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending
to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing
the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company;
and 

reviewing on a regular basis
our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

60 

The charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director
candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms. 

Prior to our initial business combination, in the event of a vacancy
in our board of directors, the nominating and corporate governance committee will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination
by holders of our ordinary shares, for appointment by the remaining members of our board then still serving. During the entire period
until our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, and not holders of our Class A ordinary shares, will
have the right to appoint members of our board. 

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications
that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director,
the nominating and corporate governance committee considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of
our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks
and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not
served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board
of directors. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors
and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with
the SEC. 

61 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors
and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with
the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, each of the officers and directors
listed above under the table Directors and Executive Officers was not required to file any Section 16(a) reports. In addition,
our sponsor (Spree Operandi, LP and its Delaware subsidiary (Spree Operandi U.S. L.P , in which our Chief Executive Officer
(Eran (Rani) Plaut) and Chief Financial Officer (Shay Kronfeld) may be deemed to hold controlling interests, were not required to file
any Section 16(a) reports. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers
and employees (our Code of Ethics ). Our Code of Ethics is available on our website. Our Code of Ethics is a code
of ethics, as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to,
or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Ethics on our website. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Certain of our executive officers and directors have or may have fiduciary
and contractual duties to certain companies in which they have invested. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities.
If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing it. However, there were no such conflicts of
interest vis- -vis other companies to which our officers and directors owe contractual duties with respect to WHC that have in
any way prevented us from pursuing the prospective WHC Business Combination. 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following
fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in
what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for
the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

duty to not improperly fetter
the exercise of future discretion; 

duty not to put themselves
in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent
judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is
not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge,
skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in
relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience which that director has. 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a
position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position at
the expense of the company. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized
in advance by the shareholders; provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted
in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

62 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is
or will be, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, required to present a business combination opportunity to such
entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not
believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent
expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of
business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential
transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers
and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Name of Executive Officer or Director 
 
 Description of Fiduciary Duty, Contractual Obligation or other 
Material Management Position 
 
 Eran (Rani Plaut) 
 
 Co-founder and CEO of Polarity (developer of an electric VTOL aircraft); and executive chairman of Moodify (software tools for neuroscience-based materials used in driver monitoring systems). 
 
 Nir Sasson 
 
 Strategic Advisor, Business and Technology, at LeddarTech (sensing technology solutions for automotive market). 
 
 Shay Kronfeld 
 
 CEO at Pureplay Holdings LLC (handles all matters related to SPACs); and Founder and Managing Partner of Lynays Capital Limited (fundraises and advises growth-stage companies). 
 
 Joachim Drees 
 
 Managing Director of JD Invest Advisory GmbH (personal investment entity); Managing Director of Drees Beteiligungs GmbH (limited partner of entity holding certain family assets); and certain restrictions under a termination agreement with TRATON SE, as described below. 
 
 Steven Greenfield 
 
 CEO of Automotive Ventures LLC (strategy consulting for automotive technology); Managing Director of Automotive Ventures Fund I, LP (venture capital fund focused on early-stage auto tech start-ups); board member of Lender Compliance Technologies (financial technology company focused on automotive lenders); and Managing Director at Progress Partners (investment bank). 
 
 David Riemenschneider 
 
 Chairman of Automotive Transformation Group (seeks to innovate vehicle sales process); advisor to GCA Altium (global investment bank); advisor and board member of Cerebri AI Inc. (designs and develops enterprise application software); and president (and sole owner) of D-Remo Consulting SASU (advisory consultancy firm). 
 
 Philipp von Hagen 
 
 Managing director of Future Industry Ventures S. r.l. (venture capital fund investing in pan-European industrial technologies); operator adviser to Assembly Ventures (venture capital fund that invests in and supports mobility sector companies); investor/board member of GFJ Acquisition I SE (a SPAC); and managing director at Highgate Capital Consulting GmbH (business advisory services). 

63 

Potential investors in our Class A ordinary shares should also be aware
of the following potential conflicts of interest, both in connection with the WHC Business Combination (or any other business combination)
and generally, involving our officers and directors: 

None of our officers or directors
is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time
among various business activities. 

In the course of their other
business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities that may be appropriate for
presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. For a complete description of our management s other affiliations,
see the biographical information under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance- Directors and Executive
Officers above. 

Our initial shareholders have
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founders shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the
completion of our initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar
obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed to waive
their redemption rights with respect to their founders shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months
after the closing date of our initial public offering (which reflects an initial three month Extension Period) or during any additional
Extension Period. However, if our initial shareholders or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquired public shares after our
initial public offering, they are entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if
we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination
within such applicable time period, the remaining proceeds of the sale of the private units that are held in the trust account will be
used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private units will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founders
shares and private units will be subject to the following transfer restrictions: 

The founders shares will not
be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial shareholders, and will remain in escrow, until the earliest of (i) the one-year
anniversary of the consummation of our initial business combination, (ii) the date on which the last reported sale price of our Class
A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 150 days after our
initial business combination and (iii) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization,
or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange
their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

With certain limited exceptions,
the private units will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own ordinary shares and warrants following our initial
public offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an
appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

The sponsor paid an aggregate
of 25,000 for the 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares currently owned by the sponsor and such securities will have a significantly higher
value at the time of the WHC Business Combination or other initial business combination (the Class A ordinary shares into which the Class
B ordinary shares are convertible have an aggregate market value of approximately 52.05 million, based on the closing price of Class A
ordinary shares of 10.41 on the NYSE on March 22, 2023). 

The sponsor paid 9,457,150
for its private units, and the 945,715 private units will be worthless if a business combination is not consummated by June 20, 2023
(or before the end of any additional Extension Period, if applicable). The private placement shares and private warrants included in
the private units have an aggregate market value of approximately 9.86 million, based on the closing price of the Class A
ordinary shares of 10.41 and the closing price of the public warrants of 0.027 on the NYSE on March 22, 2023. 

64 

Given the differential in the purchase price that the sponsor paid for the founder shares as compared to the price of the public units sold in the IPO and the substantial number of Class A ordinary shares that the sponsor will receive upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares in connection with the WHC Business Combination (or other initial business combination), the sponsor and its affiliates may earn a positive rate of return on their investment even, in the case of the WHC Business Combination, if the New WHC Class A common stock trades below the price initially paid for the public units in the IPO and the public shareholders experience a negative rate of return following the completion of the WHC Business Combination. 

The sponsor has entered into the WHC Investor Rights Agreement, which provides registration rights for the founder shares following completion of the WHC Business Combination. 

At the option of the sponsor, any amounts outstanding under any loan made by the sponsor or any of its affiliates to Spree in an aggregate amount of up to 1,500,000 may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender, in connection with the consummation of the WHC Business Combination or other initial business combination. 

Our directors and officers are entitled to continued indemnification, and continued insurance via a directors and officers liability insurance tail policy , after the WHC Business Combination. 

The sponsor and our officers and directors will lose their entire investment in our company and will not be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses if an initial business combination is not consummated by June 20, 2023 (or before the end of any additional Extension Period, if applicable). 

Our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with WHC or any other target business in connection with the WHC Business Combination or any other particular business combination, which may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with the WHC Business Combination or any other particular business combination. 

If the trust account is liquidated, including in the event
we are unable to complete an initial business combination by June 20, 2023 (or before the end of any additional Extension Period, if
applicable), the sponsor has agreed to indemnify our company to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below 10.20
per public share, or such lesser per public share amount as is in the trust account on the liquidation date, by the claims of prospective
target businesses with which we have entered into an acquisition agreement or claims of any third party for services rendered or products
sold to our company, but only if such a vendor or target business has not executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the
trust account. 

We may be entitled to distribute or pay over funds held by
our company outside the trust account to the sponsor or any of its affiliates prior to the Closing (or the closing of any other initial
business combination); 

Certain of our officers and directors are affiliated with
the sponsor, which holds 945,715 Class A ordinary shares, which were issued in a private placement together with private warrants, and
5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, which are convertible into Class A ordinary shares, totaling approximately a 22.9 equity stake in
our company; 

Our director Joachim Drees
is subject to certain restrictions under a termination agreement with TRATON SE, under which the executive management board of TRATON
SE may revoke its approval of Mr. Drees serving as our director following our planned business combination if it comes to the
conclusion that our company (after combination with a target company) is in direct competition with TRATON SE and its affiliates. 

Our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to their involvement in other special purpose acquisition companies seeking business combinations,
but have agreed in connection with that potential conflict not to file publicly a registration statement for another such company until
our company signs an agreement for an initial business combination transaction without the consent of the representatives. 

65 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. WHC is not affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we would obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. 

In addition, our sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional
investments in the company in connection with the initial business combination, although our sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation
or current intention to do so. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments
could influence our sponsor s motivation to complete an initial business combination. 

We have determined to submit the WHC Business Combination to our public
shareholders for a vote and our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of
a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founders shares and any public shares held by them in favor of the WHC Business
Combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into a letter agreement that imposes similar obligations on them with respect
to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s
memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision
may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default,
fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification
of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such,
except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. 

We may purchase a policy of directors and officers liability
insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances
and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. We also intend to enter into indemnity agreements with
them. 

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust
account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if we (i) have sufficient
funds outside of the trust account or (ii) consummate an initial business combination. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may
be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these
indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements
are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that
in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

66 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. Each of our independent directors invested, prior to the closing of our initial public offering, as a limited
partner holding a minority, non-controlling interest in our sponsor and will therefore hold an indirect interest in the founders shares
held by our sponsor s subsidiary. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, and any of their respective affiliates, will
be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. In addition, we may pay a customary financial
consulting fee to an affiliate of our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust
account prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party
or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services
or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of
any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at
such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating
to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. Our audit committee also reviews on a quarterly basis, all payments that were
made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of
these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining
officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management
team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or
all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination.
The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s
motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after
the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business
combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our Class A ordinary shares as of the date of this Annual Report by: 

each person known by us to
be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares; 

each of our officers and directors;
and 

all our officers and directors
as a group. 

67 

Beneficial ownership is presented in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and generally reflects voting and/or investment power with respect to our ordinary shares.
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of public or private warrants,
as those warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Class A Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Issued and Outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares (2) 
 
 5 or Greater Shareholders 

Spree Operandi, LP and affiliated entities and persons (3) 
 5,945,715 (4) 
 22.9 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (5) 
 1,879,814 
 9.0 
 
 Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (6) 
 1,717,530 
 8.2 

Directors and Executive Officers (7) 

Eran (Rani) Plaut (3) 
 5,945,715 (4) 
 22.9 
 
 Shay Kronfeld (3) 
 5,945,715 (4) 
 22.9 
 
 Joachim Drees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Steven Greenfield 
 - 
 - 
 
 David Riemenschneider 
 - 
 - 
 
 Nir Sasson 
 - 
 - 
 
 Philipp von Hagen 

All officers, directors and director nominees as a group (six individuals) (3) 
 5,945,715 (4) 
 22.9 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
following entities or individuals is c/o Spree Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited, 94 Yigal Alon, Building B, 31st floor, Tel Aviv, 6789139,
Israel. 

(2) The percentage of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary
shares that is presented is based upon 20,945,715 Class A ordinary shares, consisting of: 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares sold at
the closing of our IPO; and 945,715 Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold to our sponsor in a private offering simultaneously
with the closing of our IPO, as detailed in our final prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) with the SEC on December 17, 2021,
and our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021, after giving effect to the completion of the offering, the
private placement, and the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, all as described therein. For the percentage
of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares that is presented for our sponsor (Spree Operandi, LP) and affiliated entities and
persons, the percentage is also based on an additional 5,000,000 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of an equal number
of Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor holds all 5,000,000 of our outstanding Class B ordinary shares. 

(3) Spree Operandi U.S. LP, a Delaware limited partnership and
wholly-owned subsidiary of our sponsor, Spree Operandi, LP, directly holds the Class A ordinary shares reported in this row. Spree Operandi
GP Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company, serves as the sole general partner of Spree Operandi, LP and therefore indirectly possesses
voting and investment authority with respect to the Class A ordinary shares held by Spree Operandi U.S. LP. Pureplay Investment LP (majority
owned by our CFO and VP Finance, Shay Kronfeld) and Eran Plaut, our Chairman and CEO, serve as equal partners of Spree Operandi GP Limited,
which provides them with ultimate voting and investment authority with respect to the subject Class A ordinary shares. 

(4) Consists of (i) 945,715 Class A ordinary shares contained
in units, and (ii) 5,000,000 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of an equal number of Class B ordinary shares. The foregoing
conversion will occur automatically on the first business day following consummation of a business combination by our company. Excludes
472,858 Class A ordinary shares underlying warrants contained in the units held by Spree Operandi U.S. LP, which are not exercisable
as of, or within 60 days of, the date of this Annual Report. 

(5) Based solely on an amendment to Schedule 13G filed with the
SEC on February 14, 2023 by Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein. Each of these persons may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all of the reported
shares and possess shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to all of these shares. The address for these persons
is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(6) Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February
2, 2023 by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the investment adviser to certain funds and accounts,
with respect to the Class A ordinary shares directly held by such accounts and funds. Highbridge Capital Management, LLC may be deemed
to be the beneficial owner of all of the reported shares, and possesses shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect
to all of these shares. The address for these persons is 277 Park Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. 

(7) Each of our board members and officers appearing in the table
above (consisting of Messrs. Plaut, Kronfeld, Drees, Greenfield, Riemenschneider, Sasson and von Hagen) holds a limited partnership interest
in our sponsor (13.7 , 5.2 , 1.1 , 1.1 , 1.1 , 4.6 and 1.1 limited partnership interests, respectively). Except for Messrs. Plaut and
Kronfeld (as described in footnote (3) above), none of the foregoing individuals possesses voting or investment power with respect to
the shares of our company held by our sponsor s wholly-owned subsidiary, as that voting and investment power is possessed by the
sole general partner of our sponsor, Spree Operandi GP Limited, which itself is managed by its directors, Messrs. Plaut and Kronfeld. 

68 

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founders
shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, and holders of a majority of our founders shares may remove a member of
the board of directors for any reason. In addition, because of their ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively
influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions. 

Concurrently with our initial public offering, our sponsor purchased
945,715 private units at a price of 10.00 per unit 9,457,150, in the aggregate) in a private placement. Each private unit consists
of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of a private warrant (945,715 Class A ordinary shares and 472,858 private warrants, in the
aggregate). Each private warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided
herein. The purchase price of the private units was added to the proceeds from our initial public offering, and is held in the trust account
(other than approximately 1,100,000 held outside of the trust account) pending our completion of our initial business combination. If
we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing date of our initial public offering or during any
Extension Period, the proceeds of the sale of the private units that are held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption
of our public shares, and the private warrants will expire worthless. The private units are subject to the transfer restrictions described
below. The private warrants included in the private units will not be redeemable by us. Otherwise, the private warrants have terms and
provisions that are identical to those of the warrants that were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. 

Our sponsor and our officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters 
as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters. 

Transfers of Founders Shares and Private Units 

The founders shares and private units, and any Class A ordinary shares
issued upon conversion or exercise of thereof (as applicable) are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions
in the letter agreement entered into by our initial shareholders with us. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not
transferable or salable: 

(i) in the case of the founders shares, until the earlier of (A) one
year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) at least 150 days subsequent to our initial business combination,
if the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share consolidations,
share capitalizations, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period; 

(All founders shares will also be released from lock-up, if sooner
than the above, on the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization, or other similar
transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property.) 

(ii) in the case of the private units, including the private (Class
A ordinary) shares contained therein, the private warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, until 30 days after
the completion of our initial business combination. 

The above-described transfer restrictions are subject to an exception,
in each case, for transfers (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of our officers or directors, any members
of our sponsor, or any affiliates of our sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual s immediate
family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family or an affiliate of such person,
or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual;
(d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection
with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased;
(f) in the event of our liquidation prior to our completion of our initial business combination; (g) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman
Islands or our sponsor s exempted limited partnership agreement, as amended, upon liquidation of our sponsor; or (h) in the event
of our completion of a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results in
all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to
our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) or (g) these permitted
transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and by the same agreements entered
into by our sponsor with respect to such securities (including provisions relating to voting, the trust account and liquidation distributions
described elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

69 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founders shares, private units and warrants that
may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private units or warrants
issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founders shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement that was signed on December 15, 2021 requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders
of these securities will be entitled to make up to two demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed
under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. We will bear the expenses incurred in
connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

In connection with our entry into the WHC Business Combination Agreement
on October 29, 2022, we have also entered into the WHC Investor Rights Agreement with the sponsor, our officers and directors, and certain
persons affiliated with WHC, which will provide registration rights in respect of the same securities currently covered by the foregoing
registration rights agreement that was entered into on December 15, 2021 (along with additional shares of New WHC to be held by WHC-affiliated
persons). This new agreement will replace that earlier registration rights agreement, effective upon (and subject to) the completion of
the WHC Business Combination. The terms of the WHC Investor Rights Agreement are summarized under Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence below. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation
or equity compensation for services rendered to us. Each of our independent directors invested, prior to the closing of our initial public
offering, as a limited partner holding a minority, non-controlling interest in our sponsor and therefore holds an indirect interest in
the founders shares held by our sponsor s subsidiary. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

Founders Shares and Private Units Purchases by Sponsor 

In August 2021, our sponsor s wholly-owned subsidiary purchased
5,750,000 founders shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.0043 per share. Of those founders shares, 718,750
shares were surrendered for no consideration in November 2021 and an additional 31,250 shares were surrendered for no consideration in
January 2022 (due to the partial non-exercise by the underwriter for our IPO of its over-allotment option), thereby resulting in an effective
purchase price of 0.005 per share for the remaining 5,000,000 founder shares held. The founders shares constitute 20 of the public shares
that are outstanding following our initial public offering. 

Our sponsor purchased, in a private placement that closed simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering in December 2021, an aggregate of 945,715 private units, comprised of 945,715 private
shares and 472,858 private warrants, at a price of 10.00 per unit 9,457,150 in the aggregate). Each private warrant is exercisable
to purchase one whole ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Our sponsor is permitted to transfer
the private units held by it to certain permitted transferees, including our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with or related to it, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements with respect to such securities
as our sponsor. Otherwise, these units will generally not be transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial
business combination. The private warrants will be non-redeemable. Like the publicly-held warrants, the private warrants may be exercised
by the sponsor or its permitted transferees solely for cash, and not on a cashless basis. Except for the foregoing, the terms and provisions
of the private warrants are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. 

70 

Administrative Services Agreement with Sponsor 

On August 23, 2021, we entered into an Administrative Services Agreement
pursuant to which we will pay our sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion
of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying any of these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the
consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum 18 months, which includes the initial 3-month Extension Period to which
we are entitled (or up to any additional Extension Period, if applicable), our sponsor will be paid up to 10,000 per month 180,000
or more in the aggregate) for office space, administrative and support services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses. 

Directors and Officers Business Opportunities and
Reimbursement of Expenses 

As more fully discussed in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, subject
to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such
entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no
individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest
or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity
for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Our officers and directors currently have and will in the future have
certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may, subject to applicable law, take priority over their duties to us.
Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed.
There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our
behalf. 

Potential Financial Consulting Fee 

At the closing of our initial business combination, we may pay a customary
financial consulting fee to an affiliate of our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held
in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event
such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships,
services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The
amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions
at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures
relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

Sponsor Loans 

Prior to our initial public offering, our sponsor had agreed to loan
us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. Prior to the consummation of our initial public
offering, we had borrowed all 300,000 available under the promissory note representing that commitment of our sponsor. These loans were
non-interest bearing, unsecured, and were due at the closing of our initial public offering. The loans were repaid on December 20, 2021,
concurrently with the consummation of our initial public offering, out of the offering proceeds not held in the trust account. The value
of our sponsor s interest in this transaction corresponded to the principal amount issued and outstanding under any such loan. As
of December 31, 2021, no amounts remained outstanding under the promissory note. 

71 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with
an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts.
In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust
account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of those
loans may be converted into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the
private warrants included in the private units to be issued and sold to our sponsor. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors,
if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties
other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide
a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

Services of Management Team Post-Business Combination 

After our initial business combination, members of our management team
who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed
to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time
of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination
business to determine executive and director compensation. 

Registration Rights 

We entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the
founders shares, private units, representative shares and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any), which is
described in Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters - Registration
Rights. Concurrently with our execution of the WHC Business Combination Agreement, we entered into a new agreement the WHC
Investor Rights Agreement that provides registration rights to the sponsor and other parties upon and subject to the effectiveness
of the WHC Business Combination. The WHC Investor Rights Agreement will replace the original registration rights agreement to which we
are currently party with respect to the founders shares, private units, representative shares and warrants issued upon conversion of working
capital loans, which prior registration rights agreement will be terminated. Under the new agreement, certain members of WHC and the sponsor
(i) each agreed not to effect any sale or distribution of any equity securities of New WHC held by any of them during a lock-up period
that will begin on the date of the closing of the WHC Business Combination and continue until the date that is the earlier of (i) 180
days after the closing date or (ii) at least 150 days subsequent to the closing date, if the last sale price of the New WHC Class A common
stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, rights issuances,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (ii) were granted certain
registration rights with respect to their registrable securities (as defined in the WHC Investor Rights Agreement), in each case, on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein 

Indemnity Agreements 

We have entered into indemnity agreements with each of our officers
and directors, a form of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report. Those agreements require us to indemnify those individuals
to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Cayman Islands law and to hold harmless, exonerate and advance expenses incurred as a
result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. 

72 

Related Party Transactions Policies 

We have not adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification
of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with
any such policy. 

Prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, we adopted
a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interest, except under guidelines or resolutions approved
by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code
of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness
or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code of ethics that we adopted prior to the consummation of our initial
public offering was filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. 

Our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we adopted,
prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the
extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting
at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit
committee constitutes a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required
to approve a related party transaction. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers
or directors, or our or any of their affiliates. 

These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related
party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate
an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee
of independent and disinterested directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting
firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments
will be made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or any of their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than the following payments, none of which will be made from
the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private units that are held in the trust account prior to the completion
of our initial business combination: 

Repayment of an aggregate of
up to 300,000 in loans that may be made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses (the 199,598 of
these loans that was outstanding was repaid following the consummation of our initial public offering); 

Payment to our sponsor of up
to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services; 

Payment of consulting, success
or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our
initial business combination; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket
expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; 

Repayment of loans which may
be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed
with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of those loans may be converted into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of
the lender; and 

At the closing of our initial
business combination, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to an affiliate of our sponsor. We may pay such financial consulting
fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights,
relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination.
The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions
at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures
relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

73 

The above payments will be funded using the net proceeds of our initial
public offering and the sale of the private units that are not held in the trust account or, upon completion of the initial business combination,
from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the trust account released to us in connection therewith. 

Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that
are made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

Director Independence 

NYSE s listing standards require that a majority of our board
of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee
of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of
directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Drees, Greenfield, Riemenschneider and von Hagen, is an independent
director as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee and compensation committee are
each entirely composed of independent directors meeting NYSE s and the SEC s additional requirements applicable to members
of those committees. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Kesselman
 Kesselman, PwC Israel ), for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees that we paid for professional
services rendered by PwC Israel in connection with the audit of our consolidated annual financial statements and services that would normally
be provided by PwC Israel in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit fees for the year ended December 31,
2022 were 116,000, and for the period from August 6, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021
were 155,000 . 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed
for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are
not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and
consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 80,000,
which fees were incurred in connection with due diligence related to the WHC Business Combination performed for us by PwC Israel. We did
not pay PwC Israel any audit-related fees for the period from August 6, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021 . 

Tax Fees . Tax fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were
 25,000, which were incurred by us in connection with tax due diligence performed for us by PwC Israel related to the WHC Business Combination.
We did not pay PwC Israel any tax fees for the period from August 6, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021 . 

All Other Fees . We did not pay PwC Israel for other services
for the year ended December 31, 2022 or the period from August 6, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021 . 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee is required to pre-approve all audit, audit-related,
tax and non-audit services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit
services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit) to ensure that
the provision of such services does not impair its independence. Pre-approval is generally provided for twelve months from the date of
pre-approval, and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific
fee. 

All of the audit, tax and non- audit services provided by PwC Israel
in fiscal year 2022 and related fees were approved in accordance with the audit committee s policy. 

74 

PART IV 

Item 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 - F-17 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

75 

We hereby file as part of this Annual Report the exhibits listed in
the following Exhibit Index: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Stifel. (1) 
 
 2.1.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2022, by and between the Registrant and WHC Worldwide, LLC. (2) 
 
 2.2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2023, by and between the Registrant and WHC Worldwide, LLC. (3) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (4) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Form of Certificate of Incorporation of WHC Worldwide, Inc., to become effective upon Domestication. (5) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Form of By-Laws of WHC Worldwide, Inc., to become effective upon Domestication. (6) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (7) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate. (8) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (9) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (10) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, among the Registrant, its officers and directors and Spree Operandi, LP. (11) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (12) 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between the Registrant and certain security holders. (13) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Registrant and each of its executive officers and directors. (14) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Voting Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Spree Operandi LP, and William M. George through his revocable trust (15) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2022, by and among the Registrant and certain holders identified therein (16). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2022, by and among WHC Worldwide, LLC, the Registrant, Spree Operandi LP, Spree Operandi U.S. LP, each of Eran (Rani) Plaut, Nir Sasson, Shay Kronfeld, Joachim Drees, Steven Greenfield, David Riemenschneider and Philipp von Hagen (17). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of WHC Worldwide, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan.+ (18) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of WHC Worldwide, Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.+ (19) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of WHC Worldwide, LLC. (20) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Earnout Warrant to purchase 1,500,000 shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued by WHC Worldwide, Inc. to William M. George. + (21) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2022, by and among WHC Worldwide, Inc., the TRA Party Representative (as defined in the agreement) and each of the other persons party thereto from time to time (22). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Support Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2022 by and among the Registrant and other third parties named therein (23). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

(1) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021 

76 

(2) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 31, 2022 

(3) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2023 

(4) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-261367) filed with the SEC on November
24, 2021 

(5) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-269751) filed with the SEC on February
14, 2023 

(6) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-269751) filed with the SEC on February
14, 2023 

(7) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-261367) filed with the SEC on November
24, 2021 

(8) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-261367) filed with the SEC on November
24, 2021 

(9) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-261367) filed with the SEC on November
24, 2021 

(10) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021 

(11) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021 

(12) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021 

(13) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021 

(14) Incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-261367) filed with the SEC on November
24, 2021 

(15) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 31, 2022 

(16) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 31, 2022 

(17) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 31, 2022 

(18) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s
Registrant Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-269751) filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 

(19) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s
Registrant Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-269751) filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 

(20) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s
Registrant Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-269751) filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 

(21) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s
Registrant Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-269751) filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 

(22) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 31, 2022 

(23) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 31, 2022 

Filed herewith 

+ Indicates management contract
or compensatory plan. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

77 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

AS
OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

AS
OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

INDEX 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB name: Kesselman Kesselman C.P.A.s and PCAOB ID: F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Capital Deficiency F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 F-17 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the board of directors and shareholders of SPREE ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of SPREE ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in capital deficiency and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from August 6, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the
period from August 6, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to obtain additional funds in order to satisfy its liquidity needs, as well as
if the Company is not able to complete a business combination by June 20, 2023 (unless extended, as described in Note 1) then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether
due to error or fraud. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statement. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Certified
Public Accountants (Isr.) 

A
member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited 

March
30, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

F- 2 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

U.S. Dollars in thousands 
 
 A s s e t s 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Related party receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents held in Trust Account 

Prepaid expenses 
 -

TOTAL ASSETS 

Liabilities and shares subject to possible redemption net of capital deficiency 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accrued expenses 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITY: 

Deferred underwriting compensation 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 6) 

CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION: 

shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, at a redemption value of per share 

CAPITAL DEFICIENCY: 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding (excluding 20,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Preference Shares, par value; shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL CAPITAL DEFICIENCY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION NET OF CAPITAL DEFICIENCY 

) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement . 

F- 3 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended 
December 31, 
2022 
 Period from 
August 6, 
2021 
 (inception) to 
December 31, 
2021 

U.S. Dollars in thousands 

 Except per share data 

INTEREST EARNED ON MARKETABLE SECURITIES HELD IN TRUST ACCOUNT 
 
 - 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES 

NET LOSS FOR THE PERIOD 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE OF CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION 

BASIC AND DILUTED EARNING PER CLASS A ORDINARY SHARE SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION , see Note 4

WEIGHTED AVERAGE OF NON-REDEEMABLE CLASS A AND CLASS B ORDINARY SHARES 

BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER NON-REDEEMABLE CLASS A AND CLASS B ORDINARY SHARES , see Note 4

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL DEFICIENCY 

Class A ordinary 
shares 
 Class B ordinary 
shares 
 Additional 

Number 
of shares 
 Par value 
 Number 
of shares 
 Par value 
 paid-in 
capital 
 Accumulated 
deficit 
 
 Total 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share data) 
 
 BALANCE AT DECEMBER 21, 2021 

-

forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares (note 3) 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to redemption amount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net loss for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31,
 2022 

-

Class A ordinary 
shares 
 Class B ordinary 
shares 
 Additional 

Number 
of shares 
 Par value 
 Number 
of shares 
 Par value 
 paid-in 
capital 
 Accumulated 
deficit 
 Total 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share data) 
 
 CHANGES DURING THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 6, 2021 (INCEPTION) TO AUGUST 31, 2021 
 -

Issuance of Class B Ordinary Shares to the Sponsor (note 3) 
 - 
 -

-

Surrender of Class B Ordinary Shares to the Company (note 3) 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of Private Units to the Sponsor (note 3) 

- 
 -

-

Issuance of public warrants, net of issuance costs (note 3) 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Net loss for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE AT December 31, 2021 

-

) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended 
December 31, 
2022 
 Period from 
August 6, 
2021 
(inception) to 
December 31, 
2021 

U.S. Dollars in thousands 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss for the period 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Related party receivable 
 - 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B Ordinary Shares 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of Private Units to the Sponsor 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of Public Units 
 -

Payment of underwriting commissions and Offering expenses 
 -

Proceeds from a promissory note related party 
 -

Repayment of promissory note related party 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 -

INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS HELD IN TRUST ACCOUNT 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS HELD IN TRUST ACCOUNT AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 
 
 -

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS HELD IN TRUST ACCOUNT AT END OF THE YEAR 

RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS HELD IN TRUST ACCOUNT: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents held in trust account 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS HELD IN TRUST ACCOUNT AT END OF THE YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION REGARDING NON-CASH ACTIVITIES 

Underwriter s Deferred Compensation 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units at a price of per Unit or million in the aggregate closed on December 20, 2021. In addition, the Sponsor
purchased in a private placement that closed concurrently with the Public Offering (the Private Placement an aggregate
of private Units (see also note 3) (the Private Units at a price of per Private Unit, or in the
aggregate. Upon those closings, million was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account (see also note 2(d) below).
Out of the million placed in the trust account, million was derived from the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, inclusive
of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriter, and an additional million was derived from the proceeds invested
by the Company s Sponsor in the Private Placement, for the benefit of the public. The Company intends to finance its initial Business
Combination with the net proceeds from the Public Offering and the Private Placement. 

thousands. 

F- 7 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE
1 DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (cont.) : 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on the income accrued in the Trust Account).
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully consummate an initial Business Combination. 

million following such redemptions. In such case,
the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its public shares and the related initial Business Combination, and instead may
search for an alternate initial Business Combination. 

per unit) or during any shareholder-approved extension period, (hereafter 
the Combination Period), following the closing of the Public Offering, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than business thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to thousand of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued
and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board
of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

F- 8 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE
1 DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (cont.) : 

thousand of cash and an accumulated deficit of thousand. In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s
Accounting Standard Codification 205-40, Going Concern , the Company will need to obtain additional funds in order to satisfy
its liquidity needs in its search for an Initial Business Combination. Since its inception date and through the issuance date of these
financial statements, the Company s liquidity needs were satisfied through an initial capital injection from the Sponsor, followed
by net Private Placement proceeds, as well as several borrowings of funds under promissory notes issued by the Company to the Sponsor
(which borrowings were
repaid upon the closing of the Company s Public Offering). Management has determined that it will need to rely and is significantly
dependent on amounts to be made available under future promissory notes or other forms of financial support to be provided by the Sponsor
(which the Sponsor is not obligated to provide). 

F- 9 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE
1 DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (cont.) : 

F- 10 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

thousand in the Trust
Account, see also Note 1c. Substantially all of this investment is in treasury bills with original maturities of three months or less
from the date of purchase and are considered restricted cash and cash equivalents. Accordingly, the Company included the balance in the
trust account in cash and cash equivalents when reconciling beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement
of cash flows. 

Class A ordinary shares of par value each, sold as part of the Units in the Public
Offering, contain a redemption feature. In accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company
require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation
of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company has not specified
a maximum redemption threshold, its articles of association provide that in no event will the Company redeem its public shares in an
amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than million. 

Class A ordinary shares included in the Units were classified outside of permanent equity at their redemption
value of per share. 

F- 11 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE
2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) : 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value following interest earned on marketable securities held on trust account 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

thousand. 

F- 12 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE
2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) : 

thousand. These costs, together with the upfront and deferred underwriter commission, of were allocated between the sale
of the public shares and the public warrants. 

F- 13 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE
2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) : 

(cumulative probability) likely to be realized upon ultimate
settlement. The Company accrues interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits under taxes on income (tax
benefit). 

Class A ordinary shares of par value each. Pursuant to the Public Offering,
as of December 31, 2022, the Company issued and sold an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares as part of the Units sold in
the transaction. The Units (which also included public warrants the Public Warrants were sold at a price
of per Unit, for aggregate consideration of million in the Public Offering. The Sponsor purchased an aggregate of private
shares as part of the Private Units (which also included private warrants the Private Warrants sold in the
Private Placement at a price of per Private Unit, or in the aggregate. 

. Each Warrant will become
exercisable 30 days after the completion of the Company s Business Combination and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time,
five years after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption (only in the case of the Public Warrants, see below
for redemption of the Private Warrants) or liquidation. The Warrants may only be gross physically settled, as there are no cashless exercise
provisions. 

per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice
of redemption, if and only if the last reported sale price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per
share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders. During such notice period, the warrants remain exercisable. 

F- 14 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE
3 - CAPITAL DEFICIENCY (cont.) : 

Class B ordinary shares of par value each. On August 23, 2021 the Company issued
 Class B ordinary shares of par value each for a total consideration of to the Sponsor. On November 23, 2021,
the Sponsor surrendered to the Company for cancellation and for nil consideration Class B ordinary shares of par value 
each. On January 29, 2022, the underwriter s over-allotment option to buy up to an aggregate of additional Units expired
unexercised. As a result, of the original Class B ordinary shares issued to the sponsor, which were subject to forfeiture
to the extent the underwriter s over-allotment option was not fully exercised, were cancelled, leaving the sponsor with 
Class B ordinary shares. 

preference shares of par value each. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has
 no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

F- 15 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE
4 EARNING (LOSS) PER SHARE (cont.) : 

Less- interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss excluding interest 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption: 

Numerator: 

Net loss excluding interest 

Accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to redemption amount Accretion 

Denominator: 

Weighted average number of shares 

Basic and diluted earnings per Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption 

Non-redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares: 

Numerator: 

Net loss excluding interest 

Accretion 
 -

Denominator: 

Weighted average number of shares 

Basic and diluted loss per non-redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares 

class A shares. The weighted average of such shares was excluded from diluted
net loss per share calculation since the exercise of the warrants is contingent on the occurrence of future events. 

F- 16 

SPREE
ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE
4 EARNING (LOSS) PER SHARE (cont.) : 

thousand
per month for office space, utilities and other administrative expenses. The monthly payments under this administrative services agreement
commenced on the effective date of the registration statement for the Public Offering and will continue until the earlier of (i) the
consummation of the Company s Business Combination, or (ii) the Company s liquidation. 

million) of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, payable upon the Company s completion of the Business Combination. The Deferred
Underwriting Compensation will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company
completes the Business Combination. 

F- 17 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, on March 30, 2023. 

Spree Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited 

By: 
 /s/ Eran (Rani) Plaut 

Name: 
 Eran (Rani) Plaut 

Title: 
 Chairman of the Board, Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Eran Plaut 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Eran Plaut 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Shay Kronfeld 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Shay Kronfeld 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Steven Greenfield 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Steven Greenfield 

/s/ Joachim Drees 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Joachim Drees 

/s/ David Riemenschneider 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 David Riemenschneider 

/s/ Philipp von Hagen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Philipp von Hagen 

78 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_spreeacq1.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

Exhibit 4.5 

Description of Securities Registered Pursuant
to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions
of the securities of Spree Acquisition Corp. 1 Ltd. we, us or our that are registered under
Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description of our securities
is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our securities. 

This description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety
by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which are incorporated herein by reference. The summary
below is also qualified by reference to the Companies Law and common law of the Cayman Islands. 

As of March 30, 2023, we had three classes of securities registered
under the Exchange Act: 

(i) 
 our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share Class A ordinary shares ); 

(ii) 
 warrants to purchase shares of our Class A ordinary shares; and 

(iii) 
 units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of a redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share. 

In addition, this Description of Securities also contains a description
of our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share Class B ordinary shares ), which are not registered under Section
12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into Class A ordinary shares. The description of the Class B ordinary shares is necessary to
understand the material terms of the Class A ordinary shares. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of a
redeemable warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement dated December
15, 2021 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants
only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means that the warrants contained in at least two units must be exercised at
any given time by a warrant holder, so that minimally one Class A ordinary share will be issuable upon exercise. 

The Class A ordinary shares and warrants began trading separately on
February 4, 2022, and since that time, holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. 

Ordinary Shares 

As of March 30, 2023, 25,945,715 of our ordinary shares were issued
and outstanding, consisting of: 

20,945,715 Class A ordinary shares, comprised of 20,000,000
Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and an additional 945,715 Class A ordinary shares
included in the units sold to Spree Operandi U.S. LP, the wholly-owned subsidiary of our sponsor, Spree Operandi, LP (collectively, those
two entities, the sponsor ), in a private offering simultaneously with the closing of our IPO; and 

5,000,000 Class B ordinary
shares held by our sponsor. 

Class A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of
record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters voted on by shareholders, except as required by law; provided that,
prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the election of directors,
and holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. With respect to
any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except
as required by law, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Unless
specified in the Companies Law, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules, the
affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders.
Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving
a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Directors are elected for a term of two years. There is no cumulative voting
with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the Class B ordinary shares voted for
the election of directors can elect all of the directors prior to our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive
ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class 

 A ordinary shares, if we enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the
terms of such business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at
the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial
business combination. 

In accordance with NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not
required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NYSE. There is no requirement
under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or general meetings to elect directors. Consequently, because the term of our directors
elected prior to our initial public offering will extend for two years, we will not be re-electing directors at our initial annual general
meeting held following our initial public offering. It is also possible that we may not hold an annual general meeting prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association furthermore provide that only our
board of directors and not our shareholders have the right to call a general meeting of shareholders. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At the completion of our initial business combination, we will be required to purchase
any Class A ordinary shares properly delivered for redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust account was initially 10.20
per public share. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting and, if they do vote, irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination. Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with
us dated December 15, 2021 (the letter agreement ), pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
respect to their Class B ordinary shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect
to public shares acquired by them, if any. Permitted transferees of our initial shareholders, officers or directors will be subject to
the same obligations. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in our initial
public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting
our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market.
Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business
combination. As a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares
would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of the letter agreement,
to vote their Class B ordinary shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in
addition to our initial shareholders Class B ordinary shares and Class A ordinary shares contained within their private units,
we would need 11,334,132, or 56.7 , of the 20,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of a transaction
(assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted) in order to have such initial business combination approved by the requisite 66
and 2/3 majority required for a business combination under the Companies Law. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter
agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

2 

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months following our initial public offering or during (a)
an additional three months (for a total of 18 months) if we have filed (i) a Form 8-K including a definitive merger or acquisition
agreement or (ii) a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination but have not completed
the initial business combination within such initial 15-month period, (b) up to two instances of an additional three months per instance
for a total of up to 18 months or 21 months, respectively, by depositing into the trust account for each three month extension
an amount equal to 0.10 per unit or (c) for an additional period as a result of a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (in each case, an Extension Period ), we will (1) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, subject to funds lawfully
available therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall
be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (3) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to
waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their Class B ordinary shares if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering or during any Extension Period.
However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to those public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time period. 

As a result of our having filed a Form 8-K to report our entry into
a definitive business combination agreement for an initial business combination with WHC Worldwide, LLC on October 31, 2022, we are entitled
to an initial three-month Extension Period until the 18-month anniversary of our initial public offering which Extension Period
expires on June 20, 2023. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company
after a business combination, our shareholders at such time will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution
to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary
shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary
shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable),
upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Class B Ordinary Shares 

The Class B ordinary shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares
included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of Class B ordinary shares have the same shareholder rights as
public shareholders, except that: (1) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares have the
right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board
of directors for any reason; (2) the Class B ordinary shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail
below; (3) our sponsor has entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which it has agreed to waive: (x) its redemption rights
with respect to its Class B ordinary shares and any public shares held by it in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination (and not seek to sell its shares to us in any tender offer we undertake in connection with our initial business combination);
(y) its redemption rights with respect to its Class B ordinary shares and any public shares held by it in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders 
ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to the redemption rights
provided to shareholders if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (currently, 18 months, as we have received
an initial three-month Extension Period) from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (z) their rights to liquidating distributions from the
trust account with respect to any Class B ordinary shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 15
months (currently, 18 months) from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the
prescribed time frame); (4) the Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares as described below
(and, if a proposal at our upcoming extension meeting is approved, may also be converted into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one
basis at the discretion of the holders thereof at any time prior to the consummation of our initial business combination) and (5) the
Class B ordinary shares are entitled to registration rights. In addition, our directors and officers have also entered into the letter
agreement with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A
ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination, subject
to adjustment as provided herein. Additionally, if a proposal at our upcoming extension meeting is approved, the Class B ordinary shares
may also be converted into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis at the discretion of the holders thereof at any time prior to
the consummation of our initial business combination. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities
convertible or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in our initial public
offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares will convert into
Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary shares then in issue) so
that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an
as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of our initial public offering plus
the number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination
(net of redemptions), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our
initial business combination and any private warrants issued to our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor, and any of our officers or directors. 

3 

With certain limited exceptions, the Class B ordinary shares are not
transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each
of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business
combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the ordinary shares equals or
exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least six months after our initial
business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having
the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Register of Members (Shareholders) 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members (i.e.,
shareholders) and there shall be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is
 prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters
referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members shall be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law
to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of this public offering, the register
of members shall be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders
recorded in the register of members shall be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain
limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination as to whether the register of members
reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained
by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application
for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, the validity of those shares may
be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Preference Shares 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize
5,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors
is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is
able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
and other rights of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors
to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control
of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not
currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

4 

Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class
A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days following our
initial business combination. However, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless this (or another) prospectus relating to such Class
A ordinary shares and the registration statement of which this (or such other) prospectus forms a part are then current and in effect.
The warrants are exercisable for cash only, and are not exercisable on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary
of our completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The private warrants, as well as any warrants underlying additional
units we issue to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be identical
to the warrants underlying the units being offered by this prospectus except that such warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless
basis, at the holder s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by our sponsor or its
permitted transferees. 

We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants
and any warrants underlying additional units issued to our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment
of working capital loans made to us), in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, 

at any time after the warrants become exercisable; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, a registration statement is then in effect with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants. 

The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised
prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further
rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a
price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential
between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption
call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. 

5 

The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us, dated December 15, 2021. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision,
but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants in order
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The exercise price and number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on
exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share capitalization or our recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A ordinary shares at a price
below their respective exercise prices. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or
equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued
Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (y) Class B ordinary shares, the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the
date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share,
then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value
or (ii) the Newly Issued Price and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to
180 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate
on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate
completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to
us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A ordinary
shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary
shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted
on by shareholders. 

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our
best efforts to have declared effective a prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and
keep such prospectus current until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if
we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be
unable to exercise their warrants for cash and we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise. 

Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise
of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect
to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding. 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants.
If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round
up to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares
to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the
future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion
of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then
board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations
and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

6 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our
warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all
liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities
in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain
certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that apply to us until the completion of our initial business
combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed
to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s
articles of association) of a company s shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention
to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association,
by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given (i.e., the lowest threshold
permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our sponsor and its affiliates, who collectively beneficially own approximately
20.0 of our ordinary shares following the close of our initial public offering and the concurrent private placement, participate in any
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose.
Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months (currently, 18 months, because we are entitled to an Extension Period) from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve; 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

7 

although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE, NYSE rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred advisory fee and taxes payable) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

if our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (currently, 18 months, because we are entitled to an Extension Period) from the closing of our initial public offering or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares; and 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination. 

The Companies Law permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval
of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares present (in person or via proxy)
and voting at a general meeting. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required
but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles
of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, with the requisite shareholder
approval, we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Nevertheless, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our
shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide
dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Shares Eligible for Future Sale 

Following our initial public offering we have 25,945,715 ordinary shares
issued and outstanding. Of these shares, the 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering are freely tradable
without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within
the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares and 945,715 privately placed units (and
the securities contained within those units) sold to our sponsor are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in
private transactions not involving a public offering, and are subject to transfer restrictions as described elsewhere herein. 

8 

Rule 144 

A person who has beneficially owned restricted Class A ordinary shares
or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been
one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange
Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted Class A
ordinary shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale,
would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of
shares that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: 

1 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares then issued and outstanding, which equals 209,457 shares after our initial public offering; or 

the average weekly trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions
and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former
Shell Companies 

Historically, the SEC staff had taken the position that Rule 144 is
not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies, like us.
The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities
issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that has been at any time previously
a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our sponsor will be able to sell its Class B ordinary
shares and private units (and securities contained within those units) pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have
completed our initial business combination. 

9 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Class B ordinary shares, private units and warrants
that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and the Class A ordinary shares and private warrants contained within the private
units) and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working
capital loans and upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares), are entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement entered
into on the effective date of our IPO. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register
such securities. The holders of the majority of the Class B ordinary shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time
commencing three months prior to the date on which these Class B ordinary shares are to be released from their transfer restrictions.
The holders of a majority of the private units (or securities contained within those private units) and warrants issued to our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans made to us can elect to exercise these registration rights
at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights
with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred
in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Exclusive Forum 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America
shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act (for the
sake of clarification, this provision does not apply to causes of action arising under the Exchange Act). Our amended and restated articles
of association also provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands
shall have exclusive jurisdiction for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, any action asserting a breach
of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to our company or our shareholders or any action asserting
a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares, and warrants are listed on the
New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbols SHAP/U, SHAP and SHAP/W . Following February
4, 2022, Class A ordinary shares and warrants may be traded separately from the units on the NYSE. 

10 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_spreeacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Eran (Rani) Plaut, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Spree
Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Eran Plaut 

Eran (Rani) Plaut 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_spreeacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Shay Kronfeld, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Spree
Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) )) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Shay Kronfeld 

Shay Kronfeld 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_spreeacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b)/RULE 15d-14(b) UNDER
THE EXCHANGE ACT 

 AND 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Spree
Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Eran (Rani) Plaut, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, and Shay Kronfeld, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/Rule 15d-14(b)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Eran Plaut 

Eran (Rani) Plaut 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Shay Kronfeld 

Shay Kronfeld 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be
deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the
extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 shap-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 shap-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 shap-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 shap-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 shap-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

