<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_103145_0001558370-23-001744.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15006131</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261875</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2124359</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5467567</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2515335</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4195306</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-001744.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222160408
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-001744
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VEECO INSTRUMENTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000103145
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIAL INDUSTRY MACHINERY, NEC [3559]
		IRS NUMBER:				112989601
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-16244
		FILM NUMBER:		23653031

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TERMINAL DRIVE
		CITY:			PLAINVIEW
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516 677-0200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TERMINAL DRIVE
		CITY:			PLAINVIEW
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11803

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VACUUM ELECTRONIC MANUFACTURING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19700408

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-001744.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 veco-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 f UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission file number 

 . (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered , par value 0.01 per share The Global Select Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at July 1, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter) was based on the closing price of 18.08 on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on that date. As of February 13, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Certain portions of the definitive Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the Registrant s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 VEECO INSTRUMENTS INC. INDEX 

PART I 4 Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 12 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 27 Item 2. Properties 28 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 28 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 28 PART II 29 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 29 Stock Performance Graph 30 Item 6. [Reserved] 30 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 41 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 41 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 41 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 41 Item 9B. Other Information 44 PART III 44 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 44 Item 11. Executive Compensation 44 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 44 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 44 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 44 PART IV 45 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 45 SIGNATURES 49 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, relating to Veeco Instruments Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, Veeco, the Company, Registrant, we, our, or us, unless the context indicates otherwise) that are based on management s expectations, estimates, projections, and assumptions. When used in this Form 10-K, words such as expects, anticipates, plans, believes, scheduled, estimates, and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Discussions containing such forward-looking statements may be found in Part I, Items 1 and 3, Part II, Items 7 and 7A hereof, as well as within this Form 10-K generally. Forward-looking statements in this discussion include, but are not limited to, those regarding anticipated growth and trends in our businesses and markets, industry outlooks and demand drivers, our investment and growth strategies, our development of new products and technologies, our business outlook for the current and future periods, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, our ongoing transformation initiative and the effects thereof on our operations and financial results, and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements and their underlying assumptions are subject to risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements include, without limitation: the level of demand for our products; industry and global economic conditions, including without limitation ongoing recessionary concerns, inflationary pressures and supply chain challenges; the effects of regional or global health epidemics, including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s operations and on those of our customers and suppliers; global trade issues, including the ongoing trade disputes between the U.S. and China, and changes in trade and export license policies; our dependency on third-party suppliers and outsourcing partners; the timing of customer orders; our ability to develop, deliver and support new products and technologies; data security incidents, cyberattacks, and other disruptions in our information technology systems and/or those of our third party vendors and other partners; our ability to expand our current markets, increase market share and develop new markets; the concentrated nature of our customer base; our ability to obtain and protect intellectual property rights in key technologies; our ability to achieve the objectives of operational and strategic initiatives and attract, motivate and retain key employees; the variability of results among products and end-markets, and our ability to accurately forecast future results, market conditions, and customer requirements; the impact of our indebtedness, including our convertible senior notes and our capped call transactions; and other risks and uncertainties described in our SEC filings on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K, including those included in Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K, and from time-to-time in our other SEC reports. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 All forward-looking statements speak only to management s expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions as of the date of this filing or, in the case of any document referenced herein or incorporated by reference, the date of that document. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this filing. PART I Item 1. Business Business Description and Overview Headquartered in Plainview, New York, we were organized as a Delaware corporation in 1989. We are a manufacturer of advanced semiconductor process equipment that solves an array of challenging materials engineering problems for our customers. Our comprehensive collection of ion beam, laser annealing, metal organic chemical vapor deposition MOCVD ), advanced packaging lithography, single wafer wet processing, molecular beam epitaxy MBE ), and atomic layer deposition ALD technologies play an integral role in the fabrication of key devices that are enabling the 4th industrial revolution of all things connected. Such devices include leading advanced node application processors for mobile devices, thin film magnetic heads for hard disk drives in data storage, photonics devices for 3D sensing, advanced displays and high-speed data communications, and radio frequency RF filters and power amplifiers for fifth generation 5G networks and mobile electronics. In close partnership with our customers, we combine decades of applications and materials know-how with leading-edge systems engineering to deliver high-volume manufacturing solutions with competitive cost of ownership. Serving a global and highly interconnected customer base, we have comprehensive sales and service operations across the Asia-Pacific, Europe, and North America regions to ensure real-time close collaboration and responsiveness. Our 2023 priorities are: Protect: Safety is one of Veeco s core values. We have taken steps to keep employees safe throughout the COVID-19 pandemic and we continue to maintain focus on traditional workplace health and safety matters. We understand that the culture of the Company can have a direct impact on our performance. We made significant improvements to our culture as measured by an initial culture survey performed in 2019, a follow-up in 2021 and a planned survey in 2023, and we remain committed to working with employees to continue to strengthen our culture; Execute: We believe that our success depends on our ability to successfully execute in challenging environments, recognizing that our customers have high expectations. The Veeco United team worked through material shortages, lead time increases, and labor shortages in our factories as well as those of our suppliers in 2022. We are focused on continued execution throughout our entire supply chain, including our internal manufacturing activities, in order to meet customer demand. Additionally, we are focused on multiple customer satisfaction initiatives, including on-time deliveries and improving customer service performance metrics; Innovate: We plan to continue our efforts in product innovation. We have exciting new solutions in our semiconductor and compound semiconductor product development pipeline, which we believe will solve our customers difficult materials challenges and enable sustainable growth in the long term. In 2022, we heavily invested in our manufacturing capabilities through our San Jose expansion, and made significant investments in our service capabilities to meet the requirements of our tier one semiconductor customers, and had a successful year of evaluation acceptances with our customers. Additionally, we acquired Epiluvac AB, a privately held Swedish company, in January 2023, accelerating our penetration into the emerging, high-growth Silicon Carbide SiC epitaxy equipment market. In 2023 we plan to maintain our emphasis on placing strategic evaluation systems with customers in the semiconductor and compound semiconductor markets, consistent with our growth plans. These systems are provided to customers after significant time spent demonstrating their capabilities in our factory and represent one of the final stages in our customers selection process. We are focused on successful outcomes for these evaluations and in continuing the elevated level of evaluation system activity with existing and potential customers; and 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Growth and Profitability: We are focused on maintaining profitability through near-term macroeconomic challenges and growing in our Data Storage market, as well as in our Semiconductor market despite an expected decline in wafer fab equipment WFE spending. We are in a mixed demand environment, with strong recent order activity in the Semiconductor and Data Storage markets, offset by near term weakness in the Compound Semiconductor market. However, we are investing for and expect long-term growth in the Semiconductor and Compound Semiconductor markets. We are focused on executing our backlog, and also winning additional business to drive meaningful long-term growth. We are also focused on responsible management of our cost structure, including an emphasis on gross margins. Markets Our products are purchased by customers in the following four end-markets: 1) Semiconductor; 2) Compound Semiconductor; 3) Data Storage; and 4) Scientific Other. Our array of process equipment systems are used in the production of a broad range of microelectronic components, including logic, dynamic random-access memory DRAM ), photonics devices (including laser diodes and micro-LEDs), power electronics, RF filters and amplifiers, magnetic heads for hard disk drives, and other semiconductor devices. Many of our systems are used to deposit advanced materials critical to the operation of the device and some of our systems are used in cleaning and surface preparation as well as the precise removal of critical materials. We are also a leader in systems used in the advanced packaging process flow of microelectronic components such as flip chip, fan-out wafer level packaging FOWLP ), and other wafer level packaging approaches used in the modern integration of diverse semiconductor products, especially in consumer electronics. In general, our customers purchase our systems to both produce current-generation devices in volume and to develop next-generation products which deliver more efficient, cost-effective, and advanced technological solutions. We operate in several highly cyclical business environments, and our customers buying patterns are dependent upon industry trends and buying patterns for consumer electronics. As our products are sold into multiple markets, the following table describes these markets and the applicable Veeco technologies. 

Markets Description Applicable Veeco Technologies Semiconductor The Semiconductor market refers to early process steps in logic and memory applications where silicon wafers are processed. There are many different process steps in forming patterned wafers, such as depositioning, etching, masking, and doping, where the microchips are created but remain on the silicon wafer. As device architectures continue to shrink with advanced nodes, more precise process control is paramount to achieving high yields and competitive cost. One such process step is called Laser Annealing, which uses a very precise method to activate dopants, reduce contact resistance and modify material grain structure. The Veeco laser annealing technology enables our customers to have a lower thermal budget by annealing at higher temperatures over a shorter period of time. This market also includes mask blank production for extreme ultraviolet EUV lithography with Veeco s Ion Beam Deposition technology. This market also includes Advanced Packaging which refers to a portfolio of wafer-level assembly technologies that enable improved performance of electronic products, such as smartphones, high-end servers, and graphical processors. Demand for higher performance, smaller form factors, and lower power consumption in applications such as artificial intelligence, 
 
 Laser Annealing 

Ion Beam Deposition IBD 

Ion Beam Etch IBE 

Wet Processing 

Advanced Packaging Lithography 

5 

Table of Contents 
 mobile devices, consumer electronics, and high-performance computing is driving the adoption of advanced packaging technologies. Veeco serves the advanced packaging market with lithography as well as wet processing equipment. Compound Semiconductor The Compound Semiconductor market includes Photonics, Power Electronics, RF Filters and Amplifiers, and Solar applications. Photonics refers to light source technologies and laser-based solutions for 3D sensing, datacom and telecom applications. This includes micro-LED, laser diodes, edge emitting lasers and vertical cavity surface emitting lasers VCSELs ). Micro-LEDs may be used for next generation advanced displays. A micro-LED display is a new approach which uses an array of red, blue, and green micro-LEDs to directly display an image without motion blur or image retention, and with improved brightness, darker blacks, and wider viewing angles. Power Electronics refers to semiconductor devices such as rectifiers, inverters and converters for the control and conversion of electric power in growing applications such as fast or wireless charging of consumer electronics and automotive applications. The power electronics market has historically been dominated by silicon devices. However, demand has been rapidly growing for applications in automotive, energy and industrial end-markets which require compound semiconductor devices such as those made from gallium nitride and silicon carbide to address higher voltages and higher power requirements. RF power amplifiers and filters (including surface acoustic wave SAW and bulk acoustic wave BAW filters) are used in 5G communications infrastructure, smartphones, tablets, and mobile devices. They make use of radio waves for wireless broadcasting and/or communications. Solar refers to power obtained by harnessing the energy of the sun through the use of compound semiconductor devices such as photovoltaics. 
 
 Gallium Nitride GaN MOCVD 

Arsenides/ Phosphides As/P MOCVD 

Wet Processing 

MBE 

ALD 

IBE 

SiC Chemical Vapor Deposition CVD 

Data Storage Data Storage refers to the HDD market which provides significant value for mass storage and is an important part of large capacity storage applications. Our systems enable customers to manufacture the magnetic heads for hard disk drives. 
 
 IBD 

IBE 

Physical Vapor Deposition 

Mechanical (Lapping and Dicing) 

6 

Table of Contents 

Diamond Like Carbon Deposition 

Wet Processing 

Scientific Other Scientific Other refers to advanced materials research and a range of manufacturing applications including optical coatings (laser mirrors, optical filters, and anti-reflective coatings). 
 
 Ion Beam Sputtering for optical coatings 

MBE for specialized laser and sensor devices 

Wet Processing for sensors 

ALD for a variety of applications 

System Products Laser Annealing Systems Our laser annealing systems meet the industry demand for ultra-short time-scale annealing, heating the wafer up to temperatures just below the silicon melting point over a range of timeframes (hundreds of microseconds), enabling thermal annealing solutions at the most advanced semiconductor process nodes. This unique annealing technology provides a solution to the difficult challenge of fabricating ultra-shallow junctions and highly activated source/drain contacts at advanced logic nodes. In addition, our proprietary hardware design enables outstanding temperature uniformity across the wafer and die, by minimizing the pattern-density effect, thus reducing absorption variations. We are also continuing to develop next generation melt anneal technology targeted for memory devices and annealing advanced logic devices at advanced nodes. As devices scale, achieving performance targets has become a challenge. To continue the roadmap, the industry is looking at new materials and the use of thermal processes that require nanosecond time-scale thermal annealing with temperatures exceeding the melting point. It is believed that nanosecond annealing will be required to meet the device targets at future nodes. Ion Beam Deposition and Etch Systems Our NEXUS Ion Beam systems are used to deposit and etch thin film layers for multiple end applications in the Semiconductor, Data Storage, RF and other various emerging markets. These systems utilize Veeco s proven gridded ion source technology which delivers a charged ion beam directed at a substrate for the etch application and at a sputter target for the deposition application. Our NEXUS IBD system has a leading position in multiple markets including EUV mask blank manufacturing in which it enables our customers to deposit multilayers with high precision and ultra-low defects which is essential for EUV lithography. Our ion sources and grid technology are incorporated into etch systems used to pattern magnetic materials for the 300mm Semiconductor STT-MRAM market. The IBD systems are also critical in the manufacture of hard disk drive magnetic heads where they are used to deposit various magnetic and oxide layers and deliver best-in-class film properties. Our NEXUS IBE systems are used to precisely etch complex features on materials which are challenging to pattern by traditional reactive ion etching techniques. These systems are widely used in the data storage industry for patterning of magnetic and oxide materials and are essential for forming the precise shape of the magnetic head. The NEXUS systems may be included on our cluster system platform to allow either parallel or sequential deposition/etch processes. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Our Lancer TM IBE system is used for etching of SAW and BAW devices in the RF filter market and various waveguide patterning steps for AR/VR markets where their best-in-class film uniformity is a key advantage. Our SPECTOR Ion Beam Sputtering system was developed for high precision optical coatings and offers manufacturers state of the art optical thickness monitoring, improved productivity, and target material utilization, for cutting-edge optical interference coating applications. We also provide a broad array of ion beam sources. Advanced Packaging Lithography We have a leading position in the Advanced Packaging lithography equipment market for applications such as FOWLP, Flip Chip (including Copper Pillar), Fan In Wafer Lever Packaging, 3D stacking, interposers and embedded die. The Advanced Packaging market is driven by the need for improved performance, reduced power consumption, and the ability to image smaller geometries for mobile and automotive applications. These applications continue to demand increasingly complex packaging techniques and heterogeneous device integration from integrated device manufacturers IDMs, ), Foundries, and outsourced semiconductor assembly and test OSAT companies. Our Advanced Packaging tools are designed to optimize productivity for leading-edge 200mm and 300mm Advanced Packaging applications by delivering proven reliability and low cost of ownership in high-volume manufacturing environments. Our products are known for best-in-class yield coupled with outstanding resolution and depth of focus. Single Wafer Wet Processing We offer single wafer wet processing, and surface preparation systems which target growth opportunities in RF filters and amplifiers in the Compound Semiconductor market, as well as advanced packaging applications in the Semiconductor market. The WaferStorm platform is based on our unique ImmJET technology, which provides improved performance at a lower cost of ownership than conventional wet bench-only or spray-only approaches. This highly flexible platform targets solvent-based cleaning applications that require a significant level of process control and flexibility. The WaferEtch platform provides highly uniform, selective etching with onboard end-point detection for improved process control and yield in bumping applications. In addition, we have developed a state-of-the-art solution with the WaferEtch platform to address the requirements of wafer thinning. Metal Organic Chemical Vapor Deposition Systems MOCVD production systems are used to make GaN and As/P-based devices for applications including power electronics, RF devices, specialty LED, display, and many other photonics applications. Our proven TurboDisc technology is at the heart of our MOCVD systems and is the key to enabling best-in-class deposition uniformity, yield performance and cost per wafer savings for our customers with a combined advantage of high operating uptime and low maintenance costs. Our Lumina platform is used for As/P deposition, and features long campaigns and low defectivity for exceptional yield and flexibility. Our Propel series enables the development of highly-efficient GaN-based power electronics, RF devices and advanced GaN-on-silicon micro-LEDs. The Propel system offers 200mm and fully-automated 300mm technology and incorporates single-wafer reactor technology for outstanding film uniformity, yield, and device performance. Molecular Beam Epitaxy Systems MBE is the process of precisely depositing epitaxially-aligned atomically-thin crystalline layers, or epilayers, of elemental materials onto a substrate in an ultra-high vacuum environment. We are a leading supplier of MBE systems worldwide. Our MBE systems, sources, and components are used to develop and manufacture compound semiconductor devices in a wide variety of applications such as high-power fiber lasers, infrared detectors, mobile phones, radar systems, high efficiency solar cells, and basic materials science research. The GENxplor MBE system creates high quality epitaxial layers and is ideal for cutting-edge research on a wide variety of materials including GaAs, antimonides, nitrides, and oxides on 3 diameter substrates. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Atomic Layer Deposition Systems ALD is a thin-film deposition method in which a film is deposited on a substrate uniformly with precise control down to the atomic scale. Veeco offers a full suite of ALD systems for non-semiconductor front-end production applications across a wide range of markets and applications such as energy, optical, electronics, micro-electro mechanical systems MEMS ), nanostructures, and biomedical. We have recently developed the Firebird ALD system, a fully automated tool capable of managing fragile wafers in a continuous operational sequence. Other Systems We have other deposition systems including Physical Vapor Deposition, Diamond-Like Carbon Deposition, and Chemical Vapor Deposition Systems primarily sold to the data storage market. In addition, we have mechanical systems such as saws and lappers for the data storage industry as well as the power semiconductor market. Finally, we have Gas-mixing systems primarily sold to the semiconductor market. We also continue to focus on penetrating adjacent markets with organically developed and acquired technology, including Ion Beam Deposition for low resistance metals and SiC CVD systems for power electronics applications. Sales and Service We sell our products and services worldwide through various strategically located facilities in the United States, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region. We believe that our customer service organization is a significant factor in our success. We provide service and support on a warranty, service contract, and an individual service-call basis. We believe that offering timely support creates stronger relationships with customers. Revenue from the sales of parts, upgrades, service, and support represented approximately 24 , 28 , and 30 of our net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Parts and upgrade sales represented approximately 18 , 21 , and 23 of our net sales for those years, respectively, and service and support sales were 6 , 7 , and 7 respectively. Customers We sell our products to many of the world s semiconductor IDMs and Foundries, OSAT, HDD, and photonics manufacturers, as well as research centers and universities. We rely on certain principal customers for a significant portion of our sales. Sales to Western Digital and TDK Headway each separately accounted for more than 10 of our total net sales in 2021; and sales to Seagate Technology accounted for more than 10 of our total net sales in 2020. No customer accounted for more than 10 of our total net sales in 2022. If any principal customer discontinues its relationship with us or suffers economic difficulties, our business prospects, financial condition, and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. Research and Development Our research and development functions are focused on the timely creation of new products and enhancements to existing products, both of which are necessary to maintain our competitive position. We collaborate with our customers to align our technology and product roadmaps to customer requirements. Our research and development activities take place at our facilities in San Jose, California; Plainview, New York; Horsham, Pennsylvania; Somerset, New Jersey; St. Paul, Minnesota; and Waltham, Massachusetts. Suppliers We outsource certain functions to third parties, including the manufacture of several of our systems. While we rely on our outsourcing partners to perform their contracted functions, we maintain some level of internal manufacturing capability for these systems. Refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors, for a description of risks associated with our reliance on suppliers and outsourcing partners. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Backlog Our backlog consists of orders for which we received a firm purchase order, a customer-confirmed shipment date generally within twelve months, and a deposit, when required. Our backlog increased to 499.9 million at December 31, 2022 from 440.2 million at December 31, 2021. Competition In each of the markets that we serve, we face competition from established competitors, some of which have greater financial, engineering, and marketing resources than we do, as well as from smaller competitors. In addition, many of our products face competition from alternative technologies, some of which are more established than those used in our products. Significant factors for customer selection of our tools include system performance, accuracy, repeatability, ease of use, reliability, cost of ownership, and technical service and support. None of our competitors compete with us across all of our product lines. Our principal competitors include: Aixtron; Applied Materials; Canon; Grand Plastics Technology; Mattson; Screen Semiconductor Solutions; Shanghai Micro Electronics Equipment; and Suss MicroTec. Intellectual Property Our success depends, in part, on our proprietary technology, and we have over 400 patents in the United States and other countries. We have patents and exclusive and non-exclusive licenses to patents owned by others covering certain of our products, which we believe provide us with a competitive advantage. We have a policy of seeking patents on inventions concerning new products and improvements as part of our ongoing research, development, and manufacturing activities. We believe that there is no single patent or exclusive or non-exclusive license to patents owned by others that is critical to our operations, as the success of our business depends primarily on the technical expertise, innovation, customer satisfaction, and experience of our employees. Refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors, for a description of risks associated with intellectual property. Human Capital Resources Veeco s global workforce spans twelve countries around the world. At the end of 2022, we had 1,221 employees with 265 located in the Asia-Pacific region, 42 in the EMEA region, and 914 in the United States. Approximately 25 of our employees are involved in research and development; 55 are involved in operations, manufacturing, service, and quality assurance; and 20 are involved in sales, order administration, marketing, finance, information technology, general management, and other administrative functions. Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees. We compete for talent with other companies and organizations. We consider our relations with the Veeco United Team to be favorable. We are subject to various federal, state, and local regulations, and regularly monitor all key employment activities, such as hiring, termination, pay and working practices to ensure compliance with such regulations. In addition, we may supplement the Veeco United Team with contractors and other temporary workers. Our Core Values All Veeco employees are expected to honor our Core Values, which define the way we conduct our business in everyday actions and choices and form the foundation of our culture: We will always put our CUSTOMERS first We will never compromise on SAFETY We will always demonstrate RESPECT We will never stop IMPROVING We will always be ACCOUNTABLE We will never forget that DIVERSITY and INCLUSION makes us stronger 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Employment, Recruitment and Development Our recruitment programs are regionally focused. Hiring is done at a local level to ensure compliance with applicable regulations. We advertise job openings and source candidates broadly to attract a diverse candidate pool. As a leader in our industry, we are able to attract a strong candidate pool and have been successful in filling vacancies. In fiscal 2022, we hired 254 employees, 197 of whom were within the United States, 49 of whom were in the Asia-Pacific region, and 8 of whom were in the EMEA region. We track and report key talent metrics including workforce demographics, talent pipeline and diversity. We invest in professional development programs to provide opportunities for individuals to advance their careers in either technical/individual contributor or leadership tracks. Many of our training and development programs are offered on-line for the benefit of employees located around the world. Additional focus is placed on the development of future leaders and we utilize a talent review process through which high-potential and high-performing employees are assessed for future leadership roles as part of our succession management process. We monitor turnover statistics carefully, since turnover is an important indicator of employee satisfaction. Our 12-month rolling average for voluntary turnover at December 31, 2022 was approximately 9.4 . Our employee average tenure is more than 7 years. Employee Engagement The engagement and satisfaction of the Veeco United Team is critical to our culture and our success. In 2019, we conducted a formal employee survey designed to assess global employee engagement, leadership, work environment and culture. Over 90 of our employees participated in the survey, itself an indicator of a high level of employee engagement. Participants provided over 2,000 responses to open-ended questions. The findings from this survey established an agenda for various initiatives designed to strengthen our Company. In 2021, we conducted a second formal employee survey, using the same survey instrument. Approximately 90 of employees again participated in the survey and, again, nearly 2,000 responses were provided to open-ended questions. We saw significant improvements across all survey areas, and we remain committed to working with employees to strengthen the Company s culture. Our executives conduct regular meetings with our global workforce providing employees with opportunities to engage with senior leaders and ask questions in open Q A sessions. Finally, we maintain and regularly remind our employees about our confidential third-party hotline service that can be utilized to share their concerns. Compensation Philosophy Our compensation philosophy is targeted to support our employees financial, physical, and mental health and well-being. We utilize independent surveys to ensure that our total compensation packages are competitive. We help employees share in the success of the Company through various programs including profit sharing and bonus plans, equity awards, and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). In addition to providing our employees with competitive compensation packages, we offer benefits designed to meet the needs of employees and their families, including paid time off, medical, dental and vision coverage, disability income protection, life insurance, retirement savings contributions, and more. Veeco pays the majority or all of the costs for many of these benefits. Diversity and Inclusion We are committed to building and sustaining a culture of diversity and inclusion where our people can be their authentic selves and are encouraged to reach their full potential. Our Veeco team, like the technologies we enable, is a rich combination of diverse individuals coming together as Veeco United to make a material difference for our people, our customers, and the world. As a global technology company, we recognize that a diverse employee population makes Veeco stronger, more innovative, and a more engaging place to work. We are always striving to attract talented individuals from a global candidate pool. In the second quarter of 2021, Veeco established a Diversity and Inclusion Council. The Council, composed of Veeco colleagues from many different parts of the Company, represents Veeco s ongoing commitment to inclusion of all genders, sexual orientations, races, ethnic origins, religions, and diversity of thought. The team has recently established 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Veeco s Diversity and Inclusion Mission Statement and Charter. The charter affirms our commitment to building awareness, enhancing community partnerships, addressing diversity in our recruiting and hiring practices, empowering employees to promote D I initiatives, and identifying opportunities to have meaningful engagements with peers and the leadership team. We are excited to continue developing initiatives to promote and celebrate diversity at Veeco. Employee Health and Safety, Pandemic Response We are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace for all employees. We accomplish this through strict compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding workplace safety, including recognition and control of workplace hazards, tracking injury and illness rates, utilizing a global travel health program, and maintaining detailed emergency and disaster recovery plans. Our highest priorities throughout the pandemic were, and continue to be, the health and well-being of our employees, customers, suppliers, and stakeholders. From the beginning of the pandemic, through the recent challenges posed by the acceleration of coronavirus variants, we have taken precautions to protect employees, visitors, and customers while minimizing disruption to our business. Our facilities remained operational as an essential business throughout the pandemic. However, we implemented rigorous health and safety protocols at our manufacturing facilities, including extensively and frequently disinfecting our facilities, limiting access to our facilities, checking temperatures of individuals entering our facilities, staggering shifts to minimize employee overlap in gowning areas, and providing protective equipment in order to minimize the risks to our employees. In addition, we required many of our employees to work from home wherever possible. We protected employees, customers, and stakeholders by providing remote meetings, demos, and service, whenever possible. Our Veeco United team was committed to remaining flexible and responsive throughout the pandemic. We carefully monitored and responded to local, state, and federal guidance related to the pandemic. We developed our COVID-19 Pledge to describe all the measures we implemented in our facilities to keep employees working on-site safe throughout the pandemic. Available Information Our corporate website address is www.veeco.com. All filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statements and any amendments thereto filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available for free in the Investor Relations section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. The reference to our website address does not constitute inclusion or incorporation by reference of the information contained on our website in this Form 10-K or other filings with the SEC, and the information contained on our website is not part of this document. Item 1A. Risk Factors Key Risk Factors That May Impact Future Results Stockholders should carefully consider the risk factors described below when evaluating the Company. Any of these factors, many of which are beyond our control, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, and stock price. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Unfavorable market conditions have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our operating results. Conditions of the markets in which we operate are volatile and may experience significant deterioration. Changing market conditions require that we continuously monitor and reassess our strategic resource allocation decisions. If we fail to properly adapt to changing business environments, we may lack the infrastructure and resources necessary to scale up our businesses to successfully compete during periods of growth, or we may incur excess fixed costs during periods of decreasing demand. Adverse market conditions relative to our products may result in: 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 reduced demand for our products, or the rescheduling or cancellation of orders for our products which may result in negative backlog adjustments; asset impairments, including the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets; unfavorable changes in customer mix and product mix; increased price competition for our products, or increased competition from sellers of used equipment or lower-priced alternatives to our products, which could lead to lower profit margins for our products; increased inventory obsolescence; disruptions in our supply chain; higher operating costs, caused by matters such as rising inflation and interest rates in various regions, which the Company is currently experiencing; and an increase in uncollectable amounts due from our customers resulting in increased reserves for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable. If the markets in which we participate experience deteriorations or downturns, this could negatively impact our sales and revenue generation, margins, operating expenses, and profitability. We face significant competition. We face significant competition throughout the world, which may increase as certain markets in which we operate continue to evolve. Some of our competitors have greater financial, engineering, manufacturing, and marketing resources than us. Other competitors are located in regions with lower labor costs and other reduced costs of operation. In addition, our ability to compete in foreign countries against local manufacturers may be hampered by nationalism, social attitudes, laws, regulations, and policies within such countries that favor local companies over U.S. companies or that are otherwise designed to promote the development and growth of local competitors. Furthermore, we face competition from smaller emerging equipment companies whose strategy is to provide a portion of the products and services we offer, with a focused approach on innovative technology for specialized markets. New product introductions or enhancements by us or our competitors could cause a decline in sales or loss of market acceptance of our existing or prior generation products. Increased competitive pressure could also lead to intensified price competition resulting in lower profit margins. We operate in industries characterized by rapid technological change. Each of the industries in which we operate is subject to rapid technological change. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our ability to enhance existing products and develop and manufacture new products in a timely and cost effective manner and to accurately predict technology transitions. Our performance may be adversely affected if we are unable to accurately predict evolving market trends and related customer needs and to effectively allocate our resources among new and existing products and technologies. The semiconductor industry, characterized by a high frequency and complexity of technology transitions and inflections (commonly referred to as Moore s Law ), poses unique risks and challenges. Our ability to successfully compete in this market will depend on our ability to address and manage a number of industry-specific risks, including and without limitation to the following: the heightened cost of research and development, associated with matters such as shrinking geometries, complex device structures, multiple applications and process steps, and the use of new materials; customer demands for shorter cycle times between order placements and product shipments, which will necessitate accurate forecasting of customer investment; customer demands for continuous reductions in the total cost of manufacturing system ownership, together with challenging equipment service demands and the resulting need for us to properly allocate our service resources; the number of types and varieties of semiconductors and number of applications across multiple substrate sizes; the need to reduce product development time, despite increasingly difficult technical challenges; our customers ability to reconfigure and re-use our equipment, resulting in reduced demand for new equipment or services from us; and 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 the importance of establishing market positions in segments with growing demand. If we fail to properly allocate appropriate resources, successfully develop and commercialize products to meet customer demand, and effectively anticipate industry trends, our business and results of operations may be adversely impacted. In addition, the semiconductor industry has experienced, and may continue to experience, significant consolidation, among both semiconductor manufacturers and manufacturing equipment suppliers. Larger competitors resulting from consolidations may have certain advantages over us, including but not limited to more efficient cost structures, substantially greater financial and other resources, greater presence in key markets, and greater name recognition. Consolidation among our competitors and integration among our customers could erode our market share, negatively impact our ability to compete, and have a material adverse effect on our business. Whether in connection with the semiconductor industry or otherwise, we are also exposed to potential risks associated with unexpected product performance issues. Our product designs and manufacturing processes are complex and could contain unexpected product defects, especially when products are first introduced. Unexpected product performance issues could result in significant costs and damages, including increased service and warranty expenses, the need to provide product replacements or modifications, reimbursement for damages caused by our products, product recalls, related litigation, product write-offs, and disposal costs. Product defects could also result in personal injury or property damage, claims for which may exceed our existing insurance coverages. These and other costs could be substantial and our reputation could be harmed, resulting in a reduced demand for our products and a negative effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Certain of our sales are dependent on the demand for consumer electronic products and automobiles, which can experience significant volatility. The demand for semiconductors, HDDs and other devices is highly dependent on sales of consumer electronic products, such as tablets, smartphones, laptops and wearable devices. In addition, as a result of the growing automotive semiconductor market, semiconductor demand is also heavily influenced by the demand for automobiles. Factors that could affect the levels of spending on consumer electronic products and automobiles include consumer confidence, access to credit, volatility in fuel and other energy costs, conditions in the residential real estate and mortgage markets, labor and healthcare costs, and other macroeconomic factors affecting consumer spending behavior. The emergence of new or competing technologies may also affect demand for consumer electronic products. These and other factors have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on the demand for our customers products and, in turn, on our customers demand for our products and services. Furthermore, in the past, some of our customers have overestimated their potential for market share growth. If this growth is overestimated, we may experience cancellations of orders in backlog, rescheduling of customer deliveries, obsolete inventory, and liabilities to our suppliers for products no longer needed. Alternatively, changes that result in sudden increases in demand for consumer electronic products and automobiles may result in a shortage of parts and materials needed to manufacture our products, and attendant shipping delays (both to us and to our customers) and/or the cancellation of orders placed by our customers. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have strained and have negatively impacted our businesses and operations, and the duration and extent to which COVID-19 may impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. The outbreak and continuing spread of COVID-19 and its variants have resulted in a substantial curtailment of business activities worldwide and has caused and is likely to continue to cause weakened economic conditions, both domestically and abroad, including in markets in Asia and Europe from which we derive the majority of our revenue. Government restrictions (such as the China government lockdowns in 2022 of Shenzhen and Shanghai), quarantines and worker absenteeism as a result of COVID-19 have led to a significant number of business closures and other slowdowns. These slowdowns have adversely impacted and will likely continue to adversely impact Veeco directly, as well as our customers, suppliers and other partners. Although there has been recent improvement in the global economy since the most severe effects of COVID-19, many macroeconomic variables remain dynamic. While all of our global sites are currently operational, any local pandemic 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 outbreaks could require us to temporarily curtail production levels or temporarily cease operations based on government mandates. Furthermore, the COVID-19 conditions have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our ability to timely source critical parts and materials and to provide on-site services to our customers. Supply chain shortages, which have been and may continue to be exacerbated by shipping delays caused by transportation interruptions (associated with matters such as reduced availability of air transport, port closures, and increased border controls), could require us to purchase excess inventory with longer lead times, which could increase inventory obsolescence risk while negatively impacting our working capital. Shortages of critical parts have strained and may continue to strain our manufacturing capacity, threatening to adversely impact our ability to meet customer needs, which may negatively impact our revenues, results of operations and financial condition. While we have been able to successfully mitigate these risks thus far, without material negative impact to our financial performance, our continued ability to do so remains uncertain. In addition, the conditions caused by COVID-19 could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to purchase our products or services or otherwise delay prospective customers purchasing decisions. These conditions may delay the provisioning of our offerings, or lengthen payment terms, all of which could adversely affect our future sales, operating results and overall financial performance. In addition, adverse impacts on the creditworthiness of our customers and other counterparties may negatively affect their ability to pay amounts owed to us, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant disruption of global financial markets and could negatively impact our stock price, our access to capital, and our business and results of operations in the near and long-term. We have a concentrated customer base, located primarily in a limited number of regions, which operates in highly concentrated industries. Our customer base continues to be highly concentrated. Orders from a relatively limited number of customers have accounted for, and likely will continue to account for, a substantial portion of our net sales, which may allow customers to demand pricing and other terms less favorable to us (including extended warranties, indemnification commitments, and the obligation to continue production of older products). Customer consolidation activity involving some of our largest customers could result in an even greater concentration of our sales in the future. Management changes at key customer accounts could result in a loss of future sales due to vendor preferences or other reasons and may introduce new challenges in managing customer relationships. If a principal customer discontinues its relationship with us or suffers economic setbacks, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. Our ability to increase sales in the future will depend in part upon our ability to obtain orders from new customers and we cannot be certain that we will be successful in these efforts. In addition, because a relatively small number of large manufacturers, many of whom are our customers, dominate the industries in which they operate, it may be especially difficult for us to replace these customers if we lose their business. A significant portion of orders in our backlog are orders from our principal customers. In addition, a substantial investment is required by customers to install and integrate capital equipment into a production line. As a result, once a manufacturer has selected a particular vendor to supply capital equipment, the manufacturer will often attempt to consolidate its other capital equipment requirements with the same vendor. Accordingly, if a customer selects a competitor s product over ours, we could experience difficulty selling to that customer for a significant period of time. Furthermore, we typically do not have long-term contracts with our customers. As a result, our agreements with our customers do not provide assurance of future sales, and we are exposed to competitive price pressures on new orders we attempt to obtain. Our customer base is also highly concentrated in terms of geography, and the majority of our sales are to customers located in a limited number of countries. Dependence upon sales emanating from a limited number of regions increases our risk of exposure to local difficulties and challenges, such as those associated with regional economic downturns, political instability, trade wars and other trade disruptions, fluctuating currency exchange rates, natural disasters, social unrest, pandemics, terrorism, and acts of war. Our reliance upon customer demand arising primarily from a limited number of countries could materially and adversely impact our future results of operations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 The cyclicality of the industries we serve directly affects our business. Our business depends in large part upon the capital expenditures of manufacturers in our four end-markets: Semiconductor; Compound Semiconductor; Data Storage; and Scientific Other. We are subject to the business cycles of these industries, the timing, length, and volatility of which are difficult to predict. These industries have historically been highly cyclical and have experienced significant economic downturns in the last decade. As a capital equipment provider, our revenue depends in large part on the spending patterns of these customers, who often delay expenditures or cancel or reschedule orders in reaction to variations in their businesses or general economic conditions. In downturns, we must be able to quickly and effectively align our costs with prevailing market conditions, as well as motivate and retain key employees. However, because a portion of our costs are fixed, our ability to reduce expenses quickly in response to revenue shortfalls may be limited. Downturns in one or more of these industries have had, and will likely have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Alternatively, during periods of rapid growth, we must be able to acquire and develop sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet customer demand and attract, hire, assimilate, and retain a sufficient number of qualified people. Our net sales and operating results may be negatively affected if we fail to predict and effectively respond. Our failure to estimate customer demand accurately could result in inventory obsolescence, liabilities to our suppliers for products no longer needed, and manufacturing interruptions or delays which could affect our ability to meet customer demand. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to accurately forecast and supply equipment and services that meet the rapidly changing technical and volume requirements of our customers. To meet these demands, we depend on the timely delivery of parts, components, and subassemblies from our suppliers. Uncertain worldwide economic conditions and market instabilities make it difficult for us (and our customers) to accurately forecast future product demand. If actual demand for our products is different than expected, we may purchase more or fewer parts than necessary or incur costs for canceling, postponing, or expediting delivery of parts. If we overestimate the demand for our products, excess inventory could result which could be subject to heavy price discounting, which could become obsolete, and which could subject us to liabilities to our suppliers for products no longer needed. Similarly, we may be harmed in the event that our competitors overestimate the demand for their products and engage in heavy price discounting practices as a result. In addition, the volatility of demand for capital equipment poses risks for companies in our supply chain, including challenges associated with inventory management and fluctuating working capital requirements. Furthermore, certain key parts may be subject to long lead-times or may be obtainable only from a single supplier or limited group of suppliers, and some sourcing and assembly is provided by suppliers located in countries other than the United States. We may experience significant interruptions in our manufacturing operations, delays in our ability to timely deliver products or services, increased costs, or customer order cancellations as a result of: the failure or inability of our suppliers to timely deliver quality parts; volatility in the availability and cost of materials; difficulties or delays in obtaining required import or export approvals; information technology or infrastructure failures; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, fires, floods, or storms; or other causes such as regional or global economic downturns or recessions, international trade disruptions, pandemics, political instability, terrorism, or acts of war, which could result in delayed deliveries, manufacturing inefficiencies, increased costs, or order cancellations. In addition, in the event of an unanticipated increase in demand for our products, our need to rapidly increase our business and manufacturing capacity may be limited by our working capital constraints and those of our suppliers, which may cause or exacerbate interruptions in our manufacturing and supply chain operations. Any or all of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers, some of whom are our sole source for particular components. Certain of the parts, components, and sub-assemblies included in our products are obtained from a single source or a limited group of suppliers. Our inability to develop alternative sources, as necessary, could result in a prolonged interruption in our ability to supply related products, a failure on our part to meet the demands our customers, and a significant increase in the price of related products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our failure to successfully manage our outsourcing activities or failure of our outsourcing partners to perform as anticipated could adversely affect our results of operations. To better align our costs with market conditions, increase the percentage of variable costs relative to total costs, and to increase productivity and operational efficiency, we have outsourced certain functions to third parties, including the manufacture of several of our systems. While we maintain some level of internal manufacturing capability for these systems, we rely on our outsourcing partners to perform their contracted functions to allow us flexibility to adapt to changing market conditions, including periods of significantly diminished order volumes. If our outsourcing partners do not perform as required, or if our outsourcing efforts do not allow us to realize the intended cost savings and flexibility, our results of operations (and those of our third-party providers) may be adversely affected. Disputes and possibly litigation involving third party providers could result and we could suffer damage to our reputation. Dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourcing may also adversely affect our ability to bring new products to market. Although we attempt to select reputable providers, one or more of these providers could fail to perform as we expect. If we do not effectively manage our outsourcing efforts or if third party providers do not perform as anticipated, we may not realize the benefits of productivity improvements and we may experience operational difficulties, increased costs, manufacturing and installation interruptions or delays, inefficiencies in the structure and operation of our supply chain, loss of intellectual property rights, quality issues, increased product time-to-market, and an inefficient allocation of our human resources, any or all of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The timing of our orders, shipments, and revenue recognition may cause our quarterly operating results to fluctuate significantly. We derive a substantial portion of our net sales in any fiscal period from the sale of a relatively small number of high-priced systems. As a result, the timing for the recognition of revenue for a single transaction could have a material effect on our sales and operating results for a particular fiscal period. As is typical in our industry, orders and shipments often occur during the last few weeks of a quarter. As a result, a delay of only a week or two can impact which period revenue is reported and can cause volatility in our revenue for a given reporting period. Our quarterly results have fluctuated significantly in the past and we expect this trend to continue. Our sales cycle is long and unpredictable. Historically, we have experienced long and unpredictable sales cycles (the period between our initial contact with a potential customer and the time that we recognize revenue from resulting sales to that customer). It is not uncommon for our sales cycle to exceed twelve months. The timing of an order often depends on our customer s capital expenditure budget, over which we have no control. In addition, the time it takes us to procure and build a product to customer specifications typically ranges from three to twelve months. When coupled with the fluctuating amount of time required for shipment and installation, our sales cycles often vary widely, and these variations can cause fluctuations in our operating results. As a result of our lengthy sales cycles, we may incur significant research and development, selling, general, and administrative expenses before we generate revenue for these products. We may never generate the anticipated revenue if a customer cancels or otherwise changes its purchase plans, or if our evaluation systems do not satisfy customer requirements (which could result in working capital constraints, excess inventory or inventory obsolescence, and other harm to the Company). These risks are particularly prevalent in the semiconductor market, which is often characterized by long customer qualification times, typically twelve to eighteen months. Once qualified, the ramp to volume production can take an additional extended period of time, often twelve to twenty-four months. During these periods, little to no revenue will be recognized by us, while we will continue to incur research and 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 development costs. Despite our efforts, our products may never be qualified and may never achieve design-tool-of-record DTOR or production-tool-of-record PTOR status, and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Our backlog is subject to customer cancellation or modification which could result in decreased sales, increased inventory obsolescence, and liabilities to our suppliers for products no longer needed. Customer purchase orders may be cancelled or rescheduled by the customer, sometimes with limited or no penalties, which may result in increased or unrecoverable costs for the Company. We adjust our backlog for such cancellations and contract modifications, among other items. A downturn in one or more of our businesses could result in an increase in order cancellations and postponements. We write-off excess and obsolete inventory based on historical trends, future usage forecasts, and other factors including the amount of backlog we have on hand. If our backlog is canceled or modified, our estimates of future product demand may prove to be inaccurate, in which case we may have understated the write-off required for excess and obsolete inventory. In the future, if we determine that our inventory is overvalued, we will be required to recognize associated costs in our financial statements at the time of such determination. In addition, we place orders with our suppliers based on our customers orders. If our customers cancel their orders with us, we may not be able to cancel our orders with our suppliers. Resulting charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We are exposed to risks associated with business combinations, acquisitions, strategic investments and divestitures. We have completed several significant acquisitions and investments in the past, including our recent acquisition of Epiluvac AB, and we will consider new opportunities in the future. Acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks, many of which are unpredictable and beyond our control, including the following: the failure to realize expected synergies and difficulties and costs, including the diversion of management s attention, in integrating the personnel, operations, technologies, and products of acquired companies; the inability to complete proposed transactions as anticipated, resulting in obligations to pay professional and other expenses, including any applicable termination fees; unknown, underestimated, and undisclosed commitments or liabilities; increased amortization expenses relating to intangible assets; and other adverse effects on our business, including the potential impairment and write-down of amounts capitalized as intangible assets and goodwill as part of the acquisition, as a result of such matters as technological advancements or worse-than-expected performance by the acquired company. If we issue equity securities to pay for an acquisition or investment, the ownership percentage of our then-current shareholders would be reduced and the value of the shares held by these shareholders could be diluted, which could adversely affect the price of our stock. If we use cash to pay for an acquisition or investment, the payment could significantly reduce the cash that would be available to fund our operations, pay our indebtedness, or be used for other purposes, which could have a negative effect on our business. In addition, we continually assess the strategic fit of our businesses and may from time to time seek to divest portions of our Company that no longer fit our strategic plan. Divestitures involve significant risks and uncertainties, including the ability to sell such businesses at satisfactory prices, on acceptable terms, and in a timely manner. Divestitures may also disrupt other parts of our businesses, distract the attention of our management, result in a loss of key employees or customers, and require that we allocate internal resources that would otherwise be devoted to operating our existing businesses. Divestitures may expose us to unanticipated liabilities (including those arising from representations and warranties made to a buyer regarding the businesses) and to ongoing obligations to support the businesses following such divestitures, any and all of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Associated with Operating a Global Business We are exposed to risks of operating businesses outside the United States. A majority of our sales are to customers, and significant elements of our supply chain are from suppliers, who are located outside of the United States, which we expect to continue. Our non-U.S. sales and operations are subject to risks inherent in conducting business outside the United States, many of which are beyond our control including: political and social attitudes, laws, rules, regulations, and policies within countries that favor local companies over U.S. companies, including government-supported efforts to promote local competitors; global trade issues and uncertainties with respect to trade policies, including tariffs, trade sanctions, and international trade disputes, and the ability to obtain required import and export licenses; differing legal systems and standards of trade which may not honor our intellectual property rights and which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; pressures from foreign customers and foreign governments for us to increase our operations and sourcing in the foreign country, which may necessitate the sharing of sensitive information and intellectual property rights; multiple conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including varying labor laws and tax regulations; reliance on various information systems and information technology to conduct our business, making us vulnerable to cyberattacks by third parties or breaches due to employee error, misuse, or other causes, that could result in business disruptions, loss of or damage to our intellectual property and confidential information (and that of our customers and other business partners), reputational harm, transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, or other adverse consequences; regional or global economic downturns or recessions, varying foreign government support, unstable political environments, and other changes in foreign economic conditions; the impact of public health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, on employees, suppliers, customers and the global economy; difficulties in managing a global enterprise, including staffing, managing distributors and representatives, and repatriating cash; longer sales cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; and different customs and ways of doing business. Global conditions and other factors, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the current conflict in Ukraine, and attendant transportation and freight cost challenges, have resulted in, and may continue to result in, a shortage of parts, materials and services needed to manufacture and timely deliver our products. These conditions have negatively impacted our suppliers ability to meet our demand requirements and, in turn, our ability to satisfy our customer demand. Parts shortages have required, and may continue to require, that we plan ahead further than usual, and increase our purchase commitments to secure critical components in a timely manner. These challenges, together with other challenges associated with operating an international business, may adversely affect our ability to recognize revenue, our gross margins on the revenue we do recognize, and our other operating results. Changes in U.S. trade policy and export controls and ongoing trade disputes between the U.S. and China have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The U.S. government has implemented, and may continue to implement, several changes in trade policy which have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect the Company s ability to sell and service its products to and for customers located in China and in certain other countries. On October 7, 2022, the U.S. Commerce Department, Bureau of Industry and Security BIS announced new rules aimed in part at restricting China s ability to obtain advanced computing chips and manufacture advanced semiconductors. Previous changes in trade policy by BIS have included, without limitation, the elimination of license exception CIV, the implementation of new regulations governing the sale of equipment to defined Military End Users and for defined Military End Uses , the addition of several companies to the U.S. Commerce Department s Unverified List and Entity List (including Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation and certain related entities), and the expansion of the 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 foreign direct product rule to restrict the sale of certain products if Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. or its affiliates are parties to a transaction involving the products. The effect of these changes, among others, is that U.S. companies are now required to obtain export licenses now at times with a presumption of denial -- before providing commodities, software, and technology (which are subject to the regulations) to customers for whom licensing requirements did not previously apply. These changes have had, and will likely continue to have, a negative effect on our ability to sell and service certain equipment in China. The heightened export restrictions may also result in shipping delays, as the new regulations are interpreted and applied, and may inhibit technical discussions with existing or prospective customers, negatively impacting our ability to pursue sales opportunities. The administrative processing, attendant delays and risk of ultimately not obtaining required export approvals pose a particular disadvantage to the Company relative to our non-U.S. competitors who are not required to comply with U.S. export controls. This difficulty and uncertainty has adversely affected our ability to compete for and win business from customers in China. Foreign customers affected by these and future U.S. government sanctions or threats of sanctions may respond by developing their own solutions to replace our products or by utilizing our foreign competitors products. This trade war with China, together with the prospect of additional governmental action related to export controls restrictions, international sanctions, and/or tariffs, has adversely affected, and is likely to continue to adversely affect, demand for our products and the results of our operations. The changes in U.S. trade policy and export controls, as well as sanctions imposed by the U.S. against certain Chinese companies, have triggered retaliatory action by China and could trigger further retaliation (including the possible escalation of geopolitical tensions between China and Taiwan). In addition, China has provided, and is expected to continue to provide, significant assistance, financial and otherwise, to its domestic industries, including some of our competitors. We face increasing competition as a result of significant investment in the semiconductor industry by the Chinese government and various state-owned or affiliated entities that is intended to advance China s stated national policy objectives. In addition, the Chinese government may restrict us from participating in the China market or may prevent us from competing effectively with Chinese companies. Further, we hold inventory of products that may be affected by the recent U.S. government actions, including potential order cancellations. While we continue to take steps to mitigate our exposure to this developing situation, if the sale of these products is delayed or we are unable to return or dispose of our inventory on favorable economic terms, we may incur additional carrying costs for the inventory or otherwise record charges associated with this inventory. We may be unable to obtain required export licenses for the sale of our products. Whether with respect to sales to customers located in China or otherwise, products which (i) are manufactured in the United States, (ii) incorporate controlled U.S. origin parts, technology, or software, or (iii) are based on U.S. technology, are subject to the U.S. Export Administration Regulations EAR when exported to and re-exported from international jurisdictions, in addition to the local jurisdiction s export regulations applicable to individual shipments. Currently, our laser annealing, MOCVD, MBE and certain other systems and products are controlled for export under the EAR. Licenses or proper license exceptions may be required for the shipment of our products to certain customers or countries. Obtaining an export license or determining whether an export license exception exists often requires considerable effort by us and cooperation from the customer, which can add time to the order fulfillment process. We may be unable to obtain required export licenses or qualify for export license exceptions and, as a result, we may be unable to export products to our customers and/or meet their servicing needs (requiring us to refund customer prepayments for products we are unable to ship). Non-compliance with the EAR or other applicable export regulations could result in a wide range of penalties including the denial of export privileges, fines, criminal penalties, and the seizure of commodities. In the event that an export regulatory body determines that any of our shipments violate applicable export regulations, we could be fined significant sums and our export capabilities could be restricted, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. We are exposed to various risks associated with global regulatory requirements. As a public company with global operations, we are subject to the laws of the United States and multiple foreign jurisdictions, and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. We are 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 required to comply with legal and regulatory requirements pertaining to such matters as data privacy (including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation and similar laws), anti-corruption (such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other local laws prohibiting improper payments to governmental officials), labor laws, immigration, customs, trade, taxes, corporate governance, conflict minerals, and antitrust regulations, among others. In addition, we are required to comply with laws and regulations pertaining to carbon emissions, and other regulatory requirements addressing climate change concerns. These laws and regulations, which are ever-evolving and at times complex and inconsistent, impose costs on our business and divert management time and attention from revenue-generating activities. Changes to or ambiguities in these laws and regulations may create uncertainty regarding our compliance requirements. While we intend to comply with these regulatory requirements, if we are found by a court or regulatory agency to have failed in these efforts, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Cybersecurity Disruptions in our information technology systems or data security incidents could result in significant financial, legal, regulatory, business, and reputational harm to us. We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure, including mobile technologies, to operate our business. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store, process and transmit significant amounts of sensitive information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, personally-identifiable information of individuals, and other confidential information, including that of our customers and other business partners. It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of this sensitive information. We have also outsourced elements of our operations (including elements of our information technology infrastructure) to third parties, and as a result, we manage a number of third-party vendors who have access to our computer networks and our confidential information. All information systems are subject to breach and disruption. Potential vulnerabilities can be exploited from inadvertent or intentional actions of our employees, third-party vendors, business partners, or by malicious third parties. Attacks of this nature are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication, and intensity, and are being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives (including industrial espionage), including organized criminal groups, nation states, and others. In addition to the extraction of sensitive information, attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, or other means which could affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information. We have experienced, and our third-party providers have experienced, cybersecurity attacks, some of which have been, and may continue to be, successful. Significant disruptions in our information technology systems (or those of our key suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors, sales agents and other partners) or other data security incidents could adversely affect our business operations and result in the loss or misappropriation of, and unauthorized access to, sensitive information. Future or ongoing disruptions or incidents, whether from attacks on our technology environment or from computer viruses, natural disasters, terrorism, war or other causes, could result in a material disruption in our business operations, force us to incur significant costs and engage in litigation, harm our reputation, and subject us to liability under laws, regulations, and contractual obligations. We may be unable to effectively enforce and protect our intellectual property rights. Our success as a company depends in part upon the protection of our intellectual property rights. We rely primarily on patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary information, technologies, processes, and brand identity. We own various U.S. and international patents and have additional pending patent applications relating to certain of our products and technologies. The process of seeking patent protection is lengthy and expensive, and we cannot be certain that pending or future applications will result in issued patents or in patents which provide meaningful protection or commercial advantage. In addition, our intellectual property rights may be circumvented, invalidated, or rendered obsolete by the rapid pace of technological change, or through efforts by others to reverse engineer our products or design around patents that we own. Policing unauthorized use of our products and technologies is difficult and time consuming and the laws of other countries may not protect our proprietary rights as fully or as readily as U.S. laws. Given these limitations, our success 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 will depend in part upon our ability to innovate ahead of our competitors. In addition, our outsourcing efforts require that we share certain portions of our technology with our outsourcing partners, which poses additional risks of infringement and trade secret misappropriation. Infringement of our rights by a third party, possibly for purposes of developing and selling competing products, could result in uncompensated lost market and revenue opportunities. Similar exposure could result in the event that former employees seek to compete with us through their unauthorized use of our intellectual property and proprietary information. We cannot be certain that the protective steps and measures we have taken will prevent the misappropriation or unauthorized use of our proprietary information and technologies, nor can we be certain that applicable intellectual property laws, regulations, and policies will not be changed in a manner detrimental to the sale or use of our products. Litigation has been required in the past, is currently ongoing, and may be required in the future, to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, and to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. As a result of any such litigation, we could lose our ability to enforce one or more patents, incur substantial costs, and jeopardize relationships with current or prospective customers or suppliers. Any action we take to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights could absorb significant management time and attention, and could otherwise negatively impact our operating results. We may be subject to claims of intellectual property infringement by others. We receive communications from time to time from other parties asserting the existence of patent or other rights which they believe cover certain of our products. We also periodically receive notices from customers who believe that we are required to indemnify them for damages they may incur related to infringement claims made against these customers by third parties. Our customary practice is to evaluate such assertions and to consider the available alternatives, including whether to seek a license, if appropriate. However, we cannot ensure that licenses can be obtained or, if obtained, will be on acceptable terms or that costly litigation or other administrative proceedings will not occur. If we are not able to resolve a claim, negotiate a settlement of the matter, obtain necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, or successfully prosecute and defend our position, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Financial, Accounting and Capital Market Risks Our operating results may be adversely affected by tightening credit markets. As a global company with worldwide operations, we are subject to volatility and adverse consequences associated with economic downturns and recessions in different parts of the world. In the event of a downturn, many of our customers may delay or reduce their purchases of our products and services. If negative conditions in the credit markets, including continued increases in interest rates, prevent our customers from obtaining credit or necessary financing, product orders in these channels may decrease, which could result in lower revenue. In addition, we may experience cancellations of orders in backlog, rescheduling of customer deliveries, and attendant pricing pressures. If our suppliers face challenges in obtaining credit, in selling their products, or otherwise in operating their businesses, their ability to continue to supply materials to us may be negatively affected. In addition, we finance some of our sales through trade credit. In addition to ongoing credit evaluations of our customers financial condition, we seek to mitigate our credit risk by obtaining deposits and letters of credit on certain of our sales arrangements. We could suffer significant losses if a customer whose accounts receivable we have not secured fails or is otherwise unable to pay us, or if financial institutions providing letters of credit become insolvent. A loss in collections on our accounts receivable would have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to foreign currency exchange risks. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks that are inherent in our anticipated sales, purchase commitments, and assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Although we attempt to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, hedging activities may not always be available or adequate to 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 mitigate the impact of our exchange rate exposure. Failure to sufficiently hedge or otherwise manage foreign currency risks properly could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. We may be required to take impairment charges on assets. We are required to assess goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually for impairment, or on an interim basis whenever certain events occur or circumstances change, such as an adverse change in business climate or a decline in the overall industry, that would more likely than not reduce the fair value below its carrying amount. As part of our long term strategy, we may pursue future acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies or assets which could potentially increase our assets. We are required to test certain of our assets, including acquired intangible assets, property, plant, and equipment, and equity investments without readily observable market prices, for recoverability and impairment whenever there are indicators of impairment such as an adverse change in business climate. Adverse changes in business conditions or worse-than-expected performance by these acquired companies could negatively impact our estimates of future operations and result in impairment charges to these assets. Changes in accounting pronouncements or taxation rules, practices, or rates may adversely affect our financial results. Changes in, or newly enacted, accounting pronouncements or taxation rules, practices or rates can materially affect our revenue recognition practices, effective tax rates, results of operations, and our financial condition. In addition, varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements or taxation practices, and the questioning of our current or past practices, may adversely affect our reported financial results. Beginning in 2022, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five years for research performed in the U.S. and fifteen years for research performed outside the U.S. Additionally, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (the IRA was signed into law. The IRA includes a new 15 corporate alternative minimum tax on corporations whose average annual adjusted financial statement income during the most recently completed three-year period exceeds 1 billion and a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases made by certain publicly traded U.S. corporations, and is effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. Finally, recommendations made by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development s (the OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project have the potential to lead to changes in tax laws in numerous countries and could increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business. The OECD has released several components of its comprehensive plan to create an agreed set of international rules for addressing base erosion and profit shifting, and governmental authorities from various jurisdictions (including the United States) continue to discuss potential legislation and other reforms, including proposals for global minimum tax rates. Any of these developments or changes in federal or international tax laws, rules, practices or rates (including future changes or modifications to existing practices) could have an adverse material impact on our ability to utilize our deferred tax attributes, our effective tax rate and results of operations including cash flows and financial position. In addition, as of each reporting date, we evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets which may result in the recognition and/or release of a valuation allowance. In 2022, we recognized a net decrease of 104.9 million of our valuation allowance, primarily related to the reversal of valuation allowances on domestic deferred tax assets. Any changes in the valuation allowance will have a direct impact on our effective tax rate. The realization of net deferred tax assets relies on our ability to generate future taxable income, and, as such, if the Company is unable to generate sufficient future taxable income, we may not obtain the full benefit of these deferred tax assets. Finally, we are subject to income tax on a jurisdictional or legal entity basis and significant judgment is required in certain instances to allocate our taxable income to a jurisdiction and to determine the related income tax expense and benefits. Losses in one jurisdiction generally may not be used to offset profits in other jurisdictions. As a result, changes in the mix of our earnings (or losses) between jurisdictions, among other factors, could alter our overall effective income tax rate, possibly resulting in significant tax rate increases. Furthermore, we are regularly audited by various tax authorities, and these audits may result in increased tax provisions which could negatively affect our operating results in the periods in which such determinations are made or changes occur. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Our current debt facilities, including our 2.70 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes ), our 3.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes ), or our 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes (the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes, together, the Notes ), and our revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility ), may contain certain restrictions, covenants and repurchase provisions that may limit our ability to raise the funds necessary to meet our working capital needs, which may include the cash conversion of the Notes or repurchase of the Notes for cash upon a fundamental change. As of December 31, 2022, we had 20.2 million in principal amounts outstanding in 2023 Notes, 132.5 million in principal amounts outstanding in 2025 Notes, and 125.0 million in principal amounts outstanding in 2027 Notes. The 2023 Notes matured on January 15, 2023 and were paid in cash and settled at that time. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had an undrawn senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of 150.0 million, including a 15.0 million letter of credit sublimit. These debt facilities contain certain covenant and other restrictions that may limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt or create liens, sell certain assets, and merge or consolidate with third parties, which may, in turn, preclude us from responding to changes in business and economic conditions, engaging in transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to us, or obtaining additional financing. Our ability to comply with some of these covenants is dependent on our future performance, which will be subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control such as prevailing economic conditions. In addition, our failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under the Notes or Credit Facility, which could accelerate the debt. If any of our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available to repay such debt, which could materially and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operation. In addition, our ability to repurchase or to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes, or maturity of the Credit Facility, may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our indebtedness that exist at the time of repurchase, conversion, or maturity. Our failure to settle the debt as required would constitute a default under the applicable debt facility and could also lead to a default under the other debt facilities. If the payment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness. Finally, holders of the Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase all or any portion of their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change before the maturity date. Additionally, in the event the conditional conversion features of the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes are triggered (as is currently the case for the 2027 Notes through March 31, 2023), holders of Notes will be entitled to convert the Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert the Notes, or if a fundamental change occurs before maturity, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the Notes being converted, which could adversely impact our liquidity. Additionally, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of the Notes surrendered therefor or pay cash with respect to the Notes being converted. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert the Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which could result in a material reduction of our net working capital. Issuance of our common stock, if any, upon conversion of the Notes, as well as the capped call transactions and the hedging activities of the option counterparties, may impair or reduce our ability to utilize our foreign tax credits or our research and development credits carryforwards in the future. Pursuant to U.S. federal and state tax rules, a corporation is generally permitted to deduct from taxable income in any year net operating losses NOLs carried forward from prior years and to reduce from tax liabilities in any year foreign tax credits and R D credits carried forward from prior years. As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal foreign tax credits carryforwards of approximately 8.7 million expiring in 2027, and R D credits carryforwards of approximately 36.5 million expiring in varying amounts between 2023 and 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 2042. If we were to experience a change in ownership under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 ), the federal credits carry forward limitation under Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code would impose an annual limit on the amount of tax liabilities that may be offset by foreign tax credits and R D credits generated prior to the change in ownership. If an ownership change were to occur, we may be unable to use a significant portion of our foreign tax credits and R D credit carryforwards to offset future tax liabilities. The shares of common stock, if any, issued upon conversion of the Notes will, upon such issuance, be taken into account when determining the cumulative change in our ownership for Section 382 purposes. As a result, any conversion of the Notes that we elect to settle in shares may materially increase the risk that we could experience an ownership change for these purposes in the future. The capped call transactions may affect the value of the 2027 Notes and our common stock. With respect to the 2027 Notes, we have entered into capped call transactions with certain option counterparties. The capped call transactions were expected generally to reduce the potential dilution upon conversion of the 2027 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2027 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. The option counterparties or their affiliates may enter into or modify hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the 2027 Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of the 2027 Notes). This activity could also cause fluctuations in the market price of our common stock and the 2027 Notes, which could affect the ability of the noteholders to convert the 2027 Notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during any observation period related to a conversion of the 2027 Notes, it could affect the number of shares and value of the consideration that noteholders will receive upon conversion of the 2027 Notes. General Risk Factors The price of our common shares is volatile and could decrease. The stock market in general and the market for technology stocks in particular has experienced significant volatility. The trading price of our common shares has fluctuated significantly and could decline independent of the overall market, and shareholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment. The market price of our common shares could continue to fluctuate in response to several factors, including among others: difficult macroeconomic conditions, economic recessions, international trade disputes, unfavorable geopolitical events, and general stock market uncertainties, such as those occasioned by a global liquidity crisis and a failure of large financial institutions; actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations; issues associated with the performance of our products, or the performance of our internal systems such as our customer relationship management CRM system or our enterprise resource planning ERP system; announcements of financial developments or technological innovations; our failure to meet the performance estimates of investment research analysts; changes in recommendations and financial estimates by investment research analysts, and decisions by investment research analysts to cease coverage of our Company; margin trading, short sales, hedging and derivative transactions involving our common stock; our failure to successfully implement cost reduction initiatives and restructuring activities, if and when required; delays or difficulties in satisfying internal control evaluations and attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002; 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 the commencement of, and rulings on, litigation and legal proceedings; and the occurrence of major catastrophic events. Securities class action litigation is often brought against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. These lawsuits, if and when brought, can result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which can adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Our inability to attract, retain, and motivate employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success depends largely on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees, including those in executive, managerial, engineering and marketing positions, as well as highly skilled and qualified technical personnel. Competition for qualified design and technical personnel is intense, particularly in the semiconductor industry and especially when business cycles are improving. Competitors may try to recruit, and may succeed in recruiting, our most valuable technical employees. To attract and retain key employees, we must provide competitive compensation packages, including cash and stock-based compensation, among other benefits. If the value of our stock-based incentive awards decreases, or if our total compensation packages are not viewed as competitive, our ability to attract and retain key employees could suffer. We do not have key person life insurance on any of our executives, and we may not be able to readily replace key departed employees. Our inability to attract, retain, and motivate key personnel could have a significant negative effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to risks of non-compliance with environmental, health, and safety regulations. We are subject to environmental, health, and safety regulations in connection with our business operations, including but not limited to regulations relating to the development, manufacture and use of our products, recycling and disposal of related materials, and the operation and use of our facilities and real property. Failure or inability to comply with existing or future environmental, health and safety regulations, including those relating to carbon emissions and climate change, could result in significant remediation liabilities, the imposition of fines, the suspension or termination of research, development, or use of certain of our products, and other harm to the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, changes in environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to greenhouse gas emissions and other climate change matters, could require us (and/or our key suppliers, contract manufacturers and other partners) to install new equipment, alter operations to incorporate new technologies, or implement new processes, among other measures, which may cause us to incur significant costs and divert management attention. We are committed to ensuring safe working conditions, treating our employees with dignity and respect, and sourcing, manufacturing, and distributing our products in a responsible and environmentally friendly manner, and any failure on our part to do so may cause reputational and other harm for the Company. Furthermore, some of our operations involve the storage, handling, and use of hazardous materials that may pose a risk of fire, explosion, or environmental release. Such events could result from acts of terrorism, natural disasters, or operational failures and may result in injury or loss of life to our employees and others, local environmental contamination, and property damage. These events may cause a temporary shutdown of an affected facility, or portion thereof, and we could be subject to penalties or claims as a result. Each of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are exposed to risks associated with the increased attention by our stakeholders to environmental, social and governance ESG matters. Our stakeholders, including customers, investors, advisory firms, employees, and suppliers, among others, have increasingly focused on our ESG initiatives, including those regarding climate change, human rights, inclusion and diversity, among others. These expectations can extend, and have extended, to our corporate practices, initiatives, and disclosures, as well as stakeholder standards or preferences for investments or doing business. Third-party rating agencies have also established standards for a range of ESG-related factors, which may be inconsistent and are subject to change. These expectations and stakeholder requirements may impact the attractiveness of our business, the manner in which we do business, our reputation, the costs of doing business, and the willingness of our stakeholders to engage with, invest in, or 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 retain us. We may be further impacted by the adoption of ESG-related regulation and legislation in the jurisdictions in which we do business, which could result in increased compliance, operational, and other costs. From time to time the Company communicates its strategies, commitments and targets relating to ESG matters. These strategies, commitments and targets reflect our current plans and aspirations, and we may be unable to achieve them. In addition, the standards for measuring and reporting sustainability metrics may change over time and could result in significant revisions to our strategies, commitments and targets, or our ability to achieve them. Any failure to satisfy or achieve ESG-related requirements or targets could adversely impact the demand for our products, subject us to significant costs and liabilities, cause our stock price to decline, and result in reputational harm. We have adopted certain measures that may have anti-takeover effects which may make an acquisition of our Company by another company more difficult. We have adopted, and may in the future adopt, certain measures that may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a takeover or other change in control of our Company, which a holder of our common stock may not consider to be in the holder s best interest. For example, our board of directors has the authority to issue up to 500,000 shares of preferred stock and to fix the rights (including voting rights), preferences and privileges of these shares blank check preferred stock). Such preferred stock may have rights, including economic rights, senior to our common stock. As a result, the issuance of the preferred stock could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock and could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding common stock. In addition, our board of directors is divided into three classes with each class serving a staggered three-year term. The existence of a classified board makes it more difficult for our shareholders to change the composition of our board of directors, and therefore the Company s policies, in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, we have adopted certain certificate of incorporation and bylaws provisions which have anti-takeover effects. These include: (a) requiring certain actions to be taken at a meeting of shareholders rather than by written consent, (b) requiring a super-majority of shareholders to approve certain amendments to our bylaws, (c) limiting the maximum number of directors, and (d) providing that directors may be removed only for cause. These measures and those described above may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a takeover or other change in control of our Company that a holder of our common stock may not consider to be in the holder s best interest. In addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination, including mergers and asset sales, with an interested stockholder (generally, a 15 or greater stockholder) for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. The operation of Section 203 may have anti-takeover effects, which could delay, defer, or prevent a takeover attempt that a holder of our common stock may not consider to be in the holder s best interest. Despite the above measures, an activist shareholder could undertake action to implement governance, strategic, or other changes to the Company which a holder of our common stock may not consider to be in the holder s best interest. Such activities could interfere with our ability to execute our strategic plans, be costly and time consuming, disrupt our operations, and divert the attention of management and our employees. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Properties Our corporate headquarters and principal research and development, manufacturing, and sales and service facilities as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Approximate Owned Facilities Location Size (sq. ft.) Use Plainview, NY 80,000 Corporate Headquarters; R Sales Service; Administration Somerset, NJ 80,000 R Manufacturing; Sales Service; Administration St. Paul, MN 43,000 R Manufacturing; Sales Service; Administration Somerset, NJ 38,000 R Sales Service; Administration 

Approximate Lease Leased Facilities Location Size (sq. ft.) Use Expiration San Jose, CA 100,000 R Manufacturing; Sales Service; Administration 2023 San Jose, CA 100,000 R Manufacturing; Sales Service; Administration 2037 Somerset, NJ 57,000 Warehouse 2027 Horsham, PA 49,000 R Manufacturing; Sales Service; Administration 2024 Waltham, MA 17,000 R Sales Service; Administration 2030 

 In addition to the above, our foreign sales and service subsidiaries lease office space in China, Germany, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, Taiwan and the United Kingdom. Additionally, we have substantially completed our transition from our previous San Jose facility, whose lease expired in January 2023, to a newly leased facility in San Jose, both of which are reflected in the table above. The new facility has approximately the same square footage as our existing San Jose, California facility, but expanded manufacturing capabilities for our laser annealing and lithography technologies. We believe our facilities are adequate to meet our current needs. Item 3. Legal Proceedings The discussion under the heading Legal Proceedings within Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock is quoted on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol VECO. As of February 13, 2023, there were approximately 130 stockholders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. We have not paid dividends on our common stock. The Board of Directors will determine future dividend policy based on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, and other circumstances. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Stock Performance Graph ASSUMES 100 INVESTED ON DEC. 31, 2017 ASSUMES DIVIDENDS REINVESTED FISCAL YEAR ENDING DEC. 31 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Veeco Instruments Inc. 100.00 49.90 98.89 116.90 191.72 125.12 S P Smallcap 600 100.00 91.52 112.37 125.05 158.59 133.06 RDG MidCap Technology 100.00 115.75 128.69 170.85 105.29 46.44 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Executive Summary We are an innovative manufacturer of semiconductor process equipment. Our proven ion beam, laser annealing, lithography, MOCVD and single wafer wet processing technologies play an integral role in the fabrication and packaging of advanced semiconductor devices. With equipment designed to optimize performance, yield and cost of ownership, Veeco holds leading technology positions in the markets we serve. To learn more about Veeco s systems and service offerings, visit www.veeco.com. The Veeco United team executed well in a challenging environment during 2022, accomplishing a number of milestones, including: Solidly executing our multi-year growth strategy, with progress advancing our product roadmaps for the Semiconductor and Compound Semiconductor markets, execution of our robust evaluation program with high customer acceptance rates, and completing our San Jose expansion Achieved 11 year-on-year revenue growth for the Company, including record revenue in the Semiconductor market, which grew 50 year-on-year Developed silicon carbide market strategy, culminating in the acquisition of Epiluvac, accelerating our SiC epitaxy equipment market penetration Reinforced our commitment to culture and corporate responsibility, including appointing an additional female Board member, publishing our third sustainability report, and implementing a leadership training program Positioned the Company for a solid performance expected in 2023, with an ending 2022 backlog of 500 million, and robust cash flow from operations of 108 million, strengthening our balance sheet These accomplishments enabled us to exit 2022 well positioned to execute on our growth plans for 2023. Business Update Macroeconomic challenges across the industry have been well publicized, including supply chain constraints, an inflationary environment with a potential recession ahead, new China-export regulations, and a forecasted decline in the semiconductor and related markets due to softness in consumer, smartphone and PC applications, all of which are contributing to a difficult environment with increased uncertainty. Longer lead times and parts shortages and allocations have required that we plan further ahead than usual, and we have undertaken efforts to increase our purchase commitments to secure critical components in a timely manner. Material lead times continue to be a challenge with respect to our supply chain, limiting our ability to fulfill some of our customers demands in a timely manner, as many of our peers have also been experiencing. We are also experiencing increasing labor, logistics, and material costs, creating additional gross margin pressures. We expect supply shortages and related challenges to persist into 2023, and we continue to monitor our supply chain and work with our suppliers to identify and mitigate potential gaps in an effort to ensure continuity of supply. Additionally, we have seen a slow-down in certain shorter lead time products such as wet processing, advanced packaging lithography, and spare parts and upgrades, as well as instances where customers have requested order cancellations, delayed shipments, or delayed payments. Consequently, we are monitoring the situation very closely and have been taking early actions to limit the pace at which we increase spending while maintaining our growth trajectory. Furthermore, the US Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security BIS ), issued additional China-export regulations on October 7, 2022, which broadened the requirements under which export licenses will be required, with a presumption of denial as to their issuance. In addition, certain China-based companies were added to the BIS Unverified 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 List, and changes have been made to the BIS Entity List, further restricting sales to the named entities. Recent order activity has led to significant backlog in China, some of which may be subject to these regulations. While the export regulation landscape is fluid and evolving, we believe at this time that the substantial majority of this backlog will not be negatively affected by the new regulations. Finally, like many in our industry, we continue to manage through the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. While new variants of COVID-19 have emerged and additional variants may emerge in the future, we continue to proactively implement precautionary measures if and when necessary to keep our workplaces healthy and safe. Our top priority steadfastly remains protecting the health and safety of our employees, customers, suppliers and community. While our actions have been effective so far, there could be additional challenges ahead that may impact either our operations or those of our customers, which could have a negative effect on our financial performance, including productivity and capacity impacts as a result of the ongoing pandemic. We expect these measures to continue until we determine that the COVID-19 pandemic is adequately contained for purposes of our operations, and we may take further actions as government authorities require or as we determine to be in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers and community. We may incur additional expenses in future periods in response to the pandemic, which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. While we work to overcome these macroeconomic challenges, we continue to serve our customers in the following four end-markets: Semiconductor; Compound Semiconductor; Data Storage; and Scientific Other. Sales in the Semiconductor market grew 50 in 2022 and were driven by our laser annealing systems for both advanced and trailing node logic devices, ion beam deposition systems for EUV mask blank production, and lithography systems for Advanced Packaging. We continue to build momentum for our laser annealing solutions with advanced node logic customers by winning application steps with leading manufacturers. We have also been receiving orders and shipping systems for trailing node applications in China and other regions. In addition to logic, we introduced laser annealing to the memory market and received an acceptance for an evaluation system at a DRAM manufacturer. Our lithography systems for Advanced Packaging are aligned with packaging approaches such as fan out wafer level packaging and other advanced packaging applications. Additionally, the ongoing adoption of EUV Lithography for advanced node semiconductor manufacturing continues to drive demand for our Ion Beam mask blank systems. Overall, our technology and market strategy are well aligned with trends such as artificial intelligence, mobile connectivity and high-performance computing that drive the Semiconductor market. Given recent order activity and current backlog in the Semiconductor market, we expect revenue in 2023 to outpace WFE spending growth, which is forecasted to be down 20 or more. Finally, we have completed our new San Jose leased facility buildout, and have fully transitioned to this new location. We address the Compound Semiconductor market with a broad portfolio of technologies, including Wet Processing and MOCVD, along with MBE and Ion Beam, all of which have been developed to support emerging applications such as 5G driven RF device/filter manufacturing, GaN power electronics, and photonics applications including edge-emitting lasers, specialty LEDs and micro-LEDs. Sales in the Compound Semiconductor market grew 13 in 2022. We experienced growth in system shipments for photonics applications. We continue to invest for future growth in the Compound Semiconductor market in areas like power electronics and Micro-LEDs. Power electronics markets are served by GaN equipment, and also by SiC epitaxy equipment. We are working to penetrate the GaN power market, which is driven by applications such as wireless charging in consumer electronics. In addition to our GaN system offerings, on January 31 st , 2023 Veeco acquired SiC technology to address the high-growth SiC power epitaxy equipment market, which is driven by electric vehicles. With this acquisition, Veeco is accelerating its entry into this market, and expects revenue in 2024. The purchase price for the transaction, all payable in cash, was 30 million paid at the time of closing with a potential additional 35 million in performance based earn-outs. After several years of growth, sales in the Data Storage market were down 48 in 2022. Demand for our Ion Beam products is driven by cloud-based storage. Hard disk drive manufacturers are manufacturing drives with an increasing number of magnetic heads and they are introducing advanced technologies which require increased capital intensity. With data proliferation forecasted to continue to grow, and based on orders we received in 2022, we feel optimistic about the long-term prospects of our data storage business. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Sales in the Scientific Other market are largely driven by sales to governments, universities, and research institutions. Revenue was up 12 in 2022 compared to 2021, and we expect sales in this market to grow modestly in the long run, in line with GDP. Overall, given our strong backlog in the semiconductor, data storage and scientific markets, offset by near-term weakness in compound semiconductor, we expect total 2023 revenue to be in the range of 630 million to 670 million. Results of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 The following table presents revenue and expense line items reported in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for 2022 and 2021 and the period-over-period dollar and percentage changes for those line items. Our results of operations are reported as one business segment, represented by our single operating segment. 

For the year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Period to Period (dollars in thousands) Net sales 646,137 100 583,277 100 62,860 11 Cost of sales 382,989 59 341,003 58 41,986 12 Gross profit 263,148 41 242,274 42 20,874 9 Operating expenses, net: Research and development 103,565 16 88,680 15 14,885 17 Selling, general, and administrative 88,952 14 84,536 14 4,416 5 Amortization of intangible assets 10,018 2 12,280 2 (2,262) (18) Other operating expense (income), net 317 68 249 366 Total operating expenses, net 202,852 31 185,564 32 17,288 9 Operating income 60,296 9 56,710 10 3,586 6 Interest income (expense), net (9,311) (1) (26,020) (4) 16,709 (64) Other income (expense), net (5,010) (1) 5,010 Income before income taxes 50,985 8 25,680 4 25,305 99 Income tax expense (benefit) (115,957) (358) (115,599) Net income 166,942 26 26,038 4 140,904 541 

 Not meaningful 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Net Sales The following is an analysis of sales by end-market and by region: 

Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Period to Period (dollars in thousands) Sales by end-market Semiconductor 369,369 57 247,051 43 122,318 50 Compound Semiconductor 121,194 19 106,972 18 14,222 13 Data Storage 87,544 13 168,760 29 (81,216) (48) Scientific Other 68,030 11 60,494 10 7,536 12 Total 646,137 100 583,277 100 62,860 11 Sales by geographic region United States 197,433 31 217,209 38 (19,776) (9) EMEA 87,837 14 55,129 9 32,708 59 China 123,703 19 105,998 18 17,705 17 Rest of APAC 235,735 36 204,633 35 31,102 15 Rest of World 1,429 308 1,121 364 Total 646,137 100 583,277 100 62,860 11 Total sales increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 against the comparable prior year period in the Semiconductor, Compound Semiconductor, and Scientific Other markets, partially offset by a decline in the Data Storage market. By geography, sales increased in the EMEA, China, and Rest of APAC regions, partially offset by a decrease in the United States. Included within the Rest of APAC region for the year ended December 31, 2022 were sales in Taiwan, South Korea, Singapore, and Japan of 105.0 million, 40.3 million, 38.4 million, and 30.8 million, respectively, while sales within Rest of APAC region for the year ended December 31, 2021 included sales in Taiwan and South Korea of 65.2 million and 50.4 million, respectively. We expect there will continue to be year-to-year variations in our future sales distribution across markets and geographies. In light of the global nature of our business, we are impacted by conditions in the various countries in which we and our customers operate. Gross Profit In 2022, gross profit increased compared to 2021 primarily due to an increase in sales volume, partially offset by decreased gross margins. Gross margins decreased principally due to increased logistics costs, as well as an increase in spending as we invested in service infrastructure and capacity expansion to meet the growing demands for our semiconductor product lines. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate each period due to product mix and other factors. Research and Development The markets we serve are characterized by continuous technological development and product innovation, and we invest in various research and development initiatives to maintain our competitive advantage and achieve our growth objectives. Research and development expenses increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to personnel-related expenses as we invest in new research and development and additional applications for our technology in order to be well positioned to capitalize on emerging global megatrends and support longer term growth in Semiconductor and Compound Semiconductor markets. Selling, General, and Administrative Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to higher variable expenses associated with the increase in revenue, profitability, and order in-take. Given the uncertainty regarding the impacts on our business resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, we are focused on the proactive management of expenses. In future periods, we may incur additional selling, general and administrative expenses to support our 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 responses to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, we experienced some duplicate operating expenses for the transition from our existing facility in San Jose, California to our new leased facility, which is substantially complete at this time. Amortization Expense Amortization expense decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to changes in amortization expense to reflect expected cash flows of certain intangible assets, as well as certain other intangible assets becoming fully amortized in 2022. Interest Income (Expense) For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded net interest expense of 9.3 million, compared to 26.0 million for the comparable prior period. The decrease in interest expense was primarily related to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, as non-cash charges related to the amortization of debt discount and transaction costs of the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes decreased approximately 12.9 million for 2022 compared to 2021. Additionally, cash interest expense on the Notes decreased approximately 2.6 million from the comparable prior year due to the partial repurchase of the 2023 Notes in November 2021. Other Income (Expense) On November 5, 2021, we entered into a privately negotiated note purchase agreement with a holder of our outstanding 2023 Notes, under which we agreed to repurchase and retire approximately 111.5 million in aggregate original principal amount of the 2023 Notes, with a carrying amount of 105.5 million, for cash consideration of approximately 115.6 million, and approximately 1.0 million of accrued and unpaid interest. We accounted for the partial settlement of the 2023 Notes as an extinguishment, and as such, recorded a loss on extinguishment of approximately 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of approximately 1.0 million related to an equity investment without a readily observable market price. Income Taxes At each reporting date, we consider new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect our view of the future realization of our deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2022, we achieved three years of cumulative pretax income for our United States domestic operations. In addition, we evaluated additional positive evidence and concluded that it is more likely than not our deferred tax assets are realizable on a more likely than not basis with the exception of certain state tax attributes. The 2022 income tax benefit of 116.0 million was primarily comprised of a 117.0 million domestic tax benefit primarily in connection with release of 105.5 million valuation allowance, partially offset by a 1.0 million income tax expense related to our foreign operations. The 2021 income tax benefit of 0.4 million is comprised of a 0.7 million income tax benefit related to the reduction of uncertain tax positions based upon settlements with tax authorities, partially offset by a 0.3 million income tax expense attributable to the foreign income taxes and foreign withholding taxes. Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 See Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2022, for Management s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short-term investments are as follows: 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 154,925 119,747 Restricted cash 547 725 Short-term investments 147,488 104,181 Total 302,960 224,653 A portion of our cash and cash equivalents is held by our subsidiaries throughout the world, frequently in each subsidiary s respective functional currency, which is typically the U.S. dollar. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash and cash equivalents of 28.4 million and 38.3 million, respectively, were held outside the United States. As of December 31, 2022, we had 17.8 million of accumulated undistributed earnings generated by our non-U.S. subsidiaries for which the U.S. repatriation tax has been provided. Approximately 7.8 million of undistributed earnings would be subject to foreign withholding taxes if distributed back to the United States. We believe that our projected cash flow from operations, combined with our cash and short-term investments, will be sufficient to meet our projected working capital requirements, contractual obligations, and other cash flow needs for the next twelve months, including scheduled interest payments on our convertible senior notes. A summary of the cash flow activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net income 166,942 26,038 Non-cash items: Depreciation and amortization 25,645 26,058 Non-cash interest expense 962 13,819 Deferred income taxes (118,040) (651) Share-based compensation expense 22,994 15,249 Loss on extinguishment of debt 4,029 Impairment of equity investment 980 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 9,980 (17,780) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 108,483 67,742 Net cash provided by operating activities was 108.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was due to net income of 166.9 million and an increase in cash flow from operating activities due to changes in operating assets and liabilities of 10.0 million, partially offset by adjustments for non-cash items of 68.5 million. The changes in operating assets and liabilities was largely attributable to an increase in customer deposits, partially offset by an increase in inventories and accounts receivables. Net cash provided by operating activities was 67.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was due to net income of 26.0 million and adjustments for non-cash items of 59.5 million, partially offset by a decline in cash flow from operating activities due to changes in operating assets and liabilities of 17.8 million. The changes in operating assets and liabilities was largely attributable to increases in accounts receivable and inventories and decreases in deferred revenue, partially offset by increases in accounts payable and cash received for landlord reimbursements for leasehold improvements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Capital expenditures (24,604) (40,643) Changes in investments, net (44,276) 83,446 Proceeds from held for sale assets, net of costs to sell 1,725 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (68,880) 44,528 The net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was attributable to the net change in investments, as well as capital expenditures. The net cash provided by investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable to the net change in investments, partially offset by capital expenditures. We experienced a high level of capital expenditures during 2021 associated with the continued build-out of our newly leased facility in San Jose, California, which is substantially complete at this time. Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Repurchase of 2023 Notes (115,604) Debt issuance costs (835) Settlement of equity awards, net of withholding taxes (4,550) (5,590) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (4,550) (122,029) The net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily related to the settlement of equity awards. The net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily related to the cash used to repurchase 111.5 million principal amount of our 2023 Notes as well as the settlement of equity awards. Convertible Senior Notes and Revolving Credit Facility We have 20.2 million outstanding principal balance of 2.70 convertible senior notes that bear interest at a rate of 2.70 per year, payable semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, and mature on January 15, 2023, unless earlier purchased by the Company, redeemed, or converted. These notes matured on January 15, 2023 and were paid in cash and settled by the Company at that time. In addition, we have 132.5 million outstanding principal balance of 3.50 convertible senior notes that bear interest at a rate of 3.50 per year, payable semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, and mature on January 15, 2025, unless earlier purchased by the Company, redeemed, or converted. Finally, we have 125.0 million outstanding principal balance of 3.75 convertible senior notes that bear interest at a rate of 3.75 per year, payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, and mature on June 1, 2027, unless earlier purchased by the Company, redeemed, or converted. The 2027 Notes are currently convertible by shareholders until March 31, 2023. We believe that we have sufficient capital resources and cash flows from operations to support scheduled interest payments on these debts. In addition, we have access to a 150.0 million revolving credit facility (including an ability to request an additional 75.0 million, for a total commitment of no more than 225.0 million) to provide for our working capital needs and reimburse drawings under letters of credit and for other general corporate purposes. The Company has no immediate plans to draw down on the facility, which expires in December of 2026. Interest under the Facility is variable based on the Company s secured net leverage ratio and is expected to bear interest based on SOFR plus a range of 150 to 225 basis points, if drawn. There is a yearly commitment fee of 25 to 35 basis points, based on the Company s secured net leverage ratio, charged on the unused portion of the Facility. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments We have commitments under certain contractual arrangements to make future payments for goods and services. These contractual arrangements secure the rights to various assets and services to be used in the future in the normal course of business. We expect to fund these contractual arrangements with cash generated from operations in the normal course of business, as well as existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. In addition, we have bank guarantees and letters of credit issued by a financial institution on our behalf as needed. At December 31, 2022, outstanding bank guarantees and letters of credit totaled 8.2 million and unused bank guarantees and letters of credit of 14.1 million were available to be drawn upon. The following table summarizes our contractual arrangements at December 31, 2022 and the timing and effect that those commitments are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods. 

Payments due by period Less than 1 3 3 5 More than Total 1 year years years 5 years (in thousands) Principal payments on long-term debt 277,673 20,173 132,500 125,000 Cash interest on debt 32,959 9,597 16,331 7,031 Operating leases 53,792 3,757 8,159 7,632 34,244 Purchase commitments (1) 289,168 250,119 39,049 Total 653,592 283,646 196,039 139,663 34,244 

 (1) Purchase commitments are generally for inventory used in the manufacturing of our products, as well as equipment and project materials used to support research and development activities. We generally do not enter into purchase commitments extending beyond one year. However, material shortages and supply chain challenges have caused some of these commitments to extend beyond one year. At December 31, 2022, we have 9.4 million of offsetting supplier deposits that will be applied against these purchase commitments. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires a high degree of judgment, either in the application and interpretation of existing accounting literature or in the development of estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. We continuously evaluate our estimates and judgments based on historical experience, as well as other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of our evaluation form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. These estimates may change in the future if underlying assumptions or factors change, and actual results may differ from these estimates. We consider the following significant accounting policies to be critical because of their complexity and the high degree of judgment involved in maintaining them. Revenue Recognition We recognize revenue upon the transfer of control of the promised product or service to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for such product or service. We perform the following five steps to determine when to recognize revenue: (1) identification of the contract(s) with customers, (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determination of the transaction price, (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, a performance obligation is satisfied. Judgment is used in the following areas in the determination of when to recognize revenue: Identification of performance obligations and allocation of contract price: Our contracts with customers frequently contain multiple deliverables, such as systems, upgrades, components, spare parts, installation, 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 maintenance, and service plans. We allocate revenue to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The stand-alone selling prices are determined based on the prices at which we separately sell the systems, upgrades, components, spare parts, installation, maintenance, and service plans. For items that are not sold separately, we estimate stand-alone selling prices generally using an expected cost plus margin approach. Judgment is required to properly identify the performance obligations within a contract and to determine how the revenue should be allocated among the performance obligations. Combination of contracts: Judgment is required when evaluating whether multiple transactions with the same customer or related parties should be considered part of a single contract. This evaluation includes an assessment of whether the contracts or agreements are negotiated or executed within a short time frame of each other or if there are indicators that the contracts are negotiated in contemplation of one another. Variable consideration: Our contracts with customers generally do not contain variable consideration. In the rare instances where variable consideration is included, we estimate the amount of variable consideration and determine what portion of that, if any, has a high probability of significant subsequent revenue reversal, and if so, that amount is excluded from the transaction price. Transfer of control: Judgment may be required in the determination of when transfer of control occurs. This judgment may include the interpretation of commercial terms and consideration of the customer s post-delivery acceptance provisions. Our system sales arrangements, including certain upgrades, generally include field acceptance provisions that may include functional or mechanical test procedures. When we objectively demonstrate that the criteria specified in the contractual acceptance provisions are achieved prior to delivery either through customer testing or our historical experience of our tools meeting specifications, transfer of control of the product to the customer is considered to have occurred and revenue is recognized upon system delivery since there is no substantive contingency remaining related to the acceptance provisions at that date. For new products, new applications of existing products, or for products with substantive customer acceptance provisions where we cannot objectively demonstrate that the criteria specified in the contractual acceptance provisions have been achieved prior to delivery, revenue and the associated costs are deferred. We recognize such revenue and costs upon obtaining objective evidence that the acceptance provisions can be achieved, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Any material changes in the identification of performance obligations, determination and allocation of the transaction price to performance obligations, and determination of when transfer of control occurs to the customer, could impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition, which could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Inventory Valuation Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined on a first-in, first-out basis. Each quarter we assess the valuation and recoverability of all inventories: materials (raw materials, spare parts, and service inventory); work-in-process; and finished goods. Obsolete inventory or inventory in excess of our estimated usage requirements is written down to its estimated net realizable value if less than cost. We evaluate usage requirements by analyzing historical usage, anticipated demand, alternative uses of materials, and other qualitative factors. Unanticipated changes in demand for our products may require a write down of inventory that could materially affect our operating results. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually in the beginning of the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, which may require significant judgment. We may first perform a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that the reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount, and, if so, we then quantitatively compare the fair value of our reporting unit to its carrying amount. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not impaired. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we then record an impairment loss equal to the difference, up to the carrying value of goodwill. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 We determine the fair value of our reporting unit based on a reconciliation of the aggregate fair value of our reporting unit to our adjusted market capitalization. The adjusted market capitalization is calculated by multiplying the average share price of our common stock for the last ten trading days prior to the measurement date by the number of outstanding common shares and adding a control premium. The determination of a reasonable control premium may require significant judgment and is estimated using historical transactions in similar industries. The carrying values of long-lived assets, including identifiable intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group be tested for possible impairment, a recoverability test is performed utilizing undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group compared to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, impairment is recognized to the extent the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models or, when available, quoted market values and third-party appraisals. It is not possible for us to predict the likelihood of any possible future impairments or, if such an impairment were to occur, the magnitude of any impairment. Intangible assets with finite useful lives, including purchased technology, customer-related intangible assets, patents, trademarks, backlog, and software licenses, are subject to amortization over the expected period of economic benefit to us. We evaluate whether events or circumstances have occurred that warrant a revision to the remaining useful lives of intangible assets. In cases where a revision is deemed appropriate, the remaining carrying amounts of the intangible assets are amortized over the revised remaining useful life. Intangible assets related to in-process research and development IPR D projects are considered to be indefinite-lived until the completion or abandonment of the associated R D efforts. If and when development is complete, the associated assets would be deemed long-lived and would then be amortized based on their respective estimated useful lives at that point in time. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually in the beginning of the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. In testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, we may first perform a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, and, if so, we then quantitatively compare the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying amount. We determine the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets using a discounted cash flow method. Income Taxes We estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the asset and liability balances recognized for financial reporting purposes and the balances used for income tax purposes, as well as the tax effect of carry forwards. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Realization of our net deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable income. We recognize the effect of income tax positions for only those positions which are estimated to more likely than not be sustained if challenged. We reflect changes in recognition or measurement in the period in which our change in judgment occurs. We record interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. Income taxes related to the global intangible low-taxed income GILTI rules are expensed as incurred. Recent Accounting Pronouncements We adopted ASU 2019-12 in the second quarter of 2020. We have also adopted ASU 2020-06 effective January 1, 2022. Refer to Note 1, Significant Accounting Policies, for additional information. We are also evaluating other pronouncements recently issued but not yet adopted. The adoption of these pronouncements is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Interest Rate Risk Our exposure to market rate risk for changes in interest rates primarily relates to our investment portfolio. We centrally manage our investment portfolios considering investment opportunities and risks, tax consequences, and overall financing strategies. Our investment portfolio includes fixed-income securities with a fair value of approximately 147.5 million at December 31, 2022. These securities are subject to interest rate risk and, based on our investment portfolio at December 31, 2022, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in a decrease in the fair value of the portfolio of 0.6 million. While an increase in interest rates may reduce the fair value of the investment portfolio, we will not realize the losses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations unless the individual fixed-income securities are sold prior to recovery or the loss is determined to be other-than-temporary. Currency Exchange Risk We conduct business on a worldwide basis and, as such, a portion of our revenues, earnings, and net investments in foreign affiliates is exposed to changes in currency exchange rates. The economic impact of currency exchange rate movements is complex because such changes are often linked to variability in real growth, inflation, interest rates, governmental actions, and other factors. These changes, if material, could cause us to adjust our financing and operating strategies. Consequently, isolating the effect of changes in currency does not incorporate these other important economic factors. Changes in currency exchange rates could affect our foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities and forecasted cash flows. We may enter into monthly forward derivative contracts with the intent of mitigating a portion of this risk. We only use derivative financial instruments in the context of hedging and not for speculative purposes and have not designated our foreign exchange derivatives as hedges. Accordingly, changes in fair value from these contracts are included in Other operating expense (income), net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. We execute derivative transactions with highly rated financial institutions to mitigate counterparty risk. Our net sales to customers located outside of the United States represented approximately 69 , 62 , and 68 of our total net sales in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We expect that net sales to customers outside the United States will continue to represent a large percentage of our total net sales. Our net sales denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar represented approximately 3 , 3 , and 5 of total net sales in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. A 10 change in foreign exchange rates would have an immaterial impact on the consolidated results of operations since most of our sales outside the United States are denominated in U.S. dollars. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule filed as part of this Form 10-K. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our principal executive and financial officers have evaluated and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of December 31, 2022. The disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in this report filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our principal executive and financial officers are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, which is a process designed and put into effect to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Using the criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), Management has evaluated, assessed, and concluded that internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022. KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of their audit, has issued their report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in internal control that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect internal control over financial reporting. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Veeco Instruments Inc.: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Veeco Instruments Inc. and subsidiaries the (Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II - valuation and qualifying accounts (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ KPMG LLP Santa Clara, California February 22, 2023 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information None. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information required by this Item that will appear under the headings Governance, Executive Officers, and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. We have adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Officers (the Code which applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code can be found on our website (www.veeco.com). We intend to disclose on our website the nature of any future amendments to and waivers of the Code that apply to the chief executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, or persons performing similar functions. We have also adopted a Code of Conduct which applies to all of our employees, including those listed above, as well as to our directors. A copy of the Code of Conduct can be found on our website (www.veeco.com). The website address above is intended to be an inactive, textual reference only. None of the material on this website is part of this report. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information required by this Item that will appear under the heading Compensation in the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information required by this Item that will appear under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Information required by this Item that will appear under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Independence of Board in the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Information required by this Item that will appear under the heading Independent Auditor Fees and Other Matters in the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) (1) The Registrant s financial statements together with a separate table of contents are annexed hereto (2) Financial Statement Schedules are listed in the separate table of contents annexed hereto. (3) Exhibits Unless otherwise indicated, each of the following exhibits has been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Company under File No. 0-16244. 

Filed or Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Furnished Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 1.1 Conflict Minerals Report of Veeco Instruments Inc. SD 1.01 5/27/2022 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Veeco dated December 1, 1994, as amended June 2, 1997 and July 25, 1997. 10-Q 3.1 8/14/1997 3.2 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Veeco dated May 29, 1998. 10-K 3.2 3/14/2001 3.3 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Veeco dated May 5, 2000. 10-Q 3.1 8/14/2000 3.4 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Veeco dated May 16, 2002 . 10-Q 3.1 10/26/2009 3.5 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Veeco dated May 18, 2010. 10-K 3.8 2/24/2011 3.6 Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws of Veeco effective January 9, 2023. 8-K 3.1 1/10/2023 3.7 Certificate of Designation, Preferences, and Rights of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Veeco dated March 14, 2001. 10-Q 3.1 5/9/2001 4.1 Indenture, dated as of January 18, 2017, by and between Veeco Instruments Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (relating to the 2.70 Convertible Notes due 2023). 8-K 4.1 1/18/2017 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 18, 2017, by and between Veeco Instruments Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (relating to the 2.70 Convertible Notes due 2023). 8-K 4.2 1/18/2017 4.3 Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2020, between Veeco Instruments Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 8-K 4.1 5/18/2020 4.4 Form of 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 . 8-K 4.1 5/18/2020 4.5 Indenture, dated as of November 17, 2020, between Veeco Instruments Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee . 8-K 4.1 11/17/2020 4.6 Form of 3.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 . 8-K 4.1 11/17/2020 4.7 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . 10-K 4.3 2/21/2020 10.1 Lease dated February 18, 2021 between Veeco Instruments Inc. and Trimble-Junction Ventures LLC. 8-K 10.1 2/24/2021 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Filed or Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Furnished Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 10.2 Veeco Severance Benefits Policy, effective May 1, 2009. 10-K 10.1 2/22/2021 10.3 Veeco Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, effective May 5, 2016. S-8 10.1 6/2/2016 10.4 Veeco Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 3, 2017. 10-Q 10.1 11/3/2017 10.5 Veeco Instruments Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan . S-8 10.1 5/7/2019 10.6 Amendment No. 1 to the Veeco Instruments Inc.2019 Stock Incentive Plan. S-8 4.8 5/20/2022 10.7 Ultratech, Inc. 1993 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan (as Amended and Restated as of May 31, 2011 S-8 10.1 5/26/2017 10.8 Form of Capped Call Confirmation. 8-K 10.1 5/18/2020 10.9 Exchange Agreement . 8-K 10.1 11/17/2020 10.10 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021, by and between Veeco Instruments Inc. and Lynrock Lake LLP. 8-K 10.1 11/8/2021 10.11 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, by and among Veeco Instruments Inc., as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as administrative agent, collateral agent, joint lead arranger, and joint bookrunner, Barclays bank PLC, as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner, and Santander Bank, N.A. 8-K 10.1 12/20/2021 10.12 Guaranty, dated as of December 16, 2021, by the guarantors, identified therin in favor of HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as agent. 8-K 10.2 12/20/2021 10.13 Form of Notice of Performance Share Award and related terms and conditions pursuant to the Veeco 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 2018. 10-Q 10.1 5/7/2018 10.14 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Award and related terms and conditions pursuant to the Veeco 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 2018. 10-Q 10.2 5/7/2018 10.15 Form of Notice of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award and related terms and conditions pursuant to the Veeco 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 2019 . 10-Q 10.1 5/7/2019 10.16 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Award and related terms and conditions pursuant to the Veeco 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 2019 (time-based version A) . 10-Q 10.2 5/7/2019 10.17 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Award and related terms and conditions pursuant to the Veeco 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 2019 (time-based version B) . 10-Q 10.3 5/7/2019 10.18 Form of Notice of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award and related terms and conditions pursuant to the Veeco 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 2020. 10-K 10.16 2/22/2021 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Filed or Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Furnished Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 10.19 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Award and related terms and conditions pursuant to the Veeco 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 2020. 10-K 10.17 2/22/2021 10.20 Form of Notice of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award and related terms and conditions pursuant to the Veeco 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 2021. 10-Q 10.1 5/4/2021 10.21 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Award and related terms and conditions pursuant to the Veeco 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 2021 . 10-Q 10.2 5/4/2021 10.22 Form of Notice of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award and related terms and conditions pursuant to the Veeco 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 2022. 10-Q 10.1 5/9/2022 10.23 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Award and related terms and conditions pursuant to the Veeco 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 2022. 10-Q 10.2 5/9/2022 10.24 Veeco 2013 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan, effective September 26, 2013 . 10-Q 10.1 11/4/2013 10.25 Veeco Instruments Inc. 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan . S-8 10.9 6/2/2016 10.26 First Amendment to Veeco Instruments Inc. 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. S-8 10.11 5/7/2019 10.27 Second Amendment to Veeco Instruments Inc. 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan . S-8 10.1 5/11/2021 10.28 Form of Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement entered into between Veeco and each of its directors and executive officers (August 2017). 10-Q 10.2 8/3/2017 10.29 Veeco Amended and Restated Senior Executive Change in Control Policy, effective as of January 1, 2014. 10-K 10.22 2/28/2014 10.30 Letter Agreement dated January 30, 2012 between Veeco and Dr. William J. Miller. 10-K 10.30 2/22/2012 10.31 Letter Agreement dated August 29, 2018 between Veeco and Dr. William J. Miller. 8-K 10.2 9/4/2018 10.32 Amendment dated March 22, 2019 to the Letter Agreement between Veeco and William J. Miller, Ph.D. 10-Q 10.4 5/7/2019 10.33 Letter Agreement dated January 21, 2004 between Veeco and John P. Kiernan. 10-K 10.38 3/12/2004 10.34 Amendment effective June 9, 2006 to Letter Agreement between Veeco and John P. Kiernan. 10-Q 10.3 8/4/2006 10.35 Amendment effective December 31, 2008 to Letter Agreement between Veeco and John P. Kiernan. 10-K 10.40 3/2/2009 10.36 Letter dated January 1, 2020 from Veeco to John P. Kiernan. 8-K 99.2 1/2/2020 10.37 Letter Agreement dated March 20, 2019 between Veeco and Adrian Devasahayam. 10-K 10.30 2/22/2021 10.38 Letter Agreement dated August 4, 2017 between Veeco and Peter Porshnev. 10-K 10.31 2/22/2021 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Filed or Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Furnished Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 10.39 Letter Agreement dated March 9, 2020 between Veeco and Susan Wilkerson. 10-K 10.32 2/22/2021 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. X 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or Rule 15d 14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or Rule 15d 14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline. XBRL document. 101.XSD XBRL Schema. 101.PRE XBRL Presentation. 101.CAL XBRL Calculation. 101.DEF XBRL Definition. 101.LAB XBRL Label. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement, as required by Item 15(a) (3) of Form 10-K. Filed herewith electronically 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 22, 2023. 

Veeco Instruments Inc. By: /s/ WILLIAM J. MILLER, Ph.D. William J. Miller, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated, on February 22, 2023. 

Signature Title /s/ WILLIAM J. MILLER, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer and Director William J. Miller, Ph.D. (principal executive officer) /s/ JOHN P. KIERNAN Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John P. Kiernan (principal financial accounting officer) /s/ RICHARD A. D AMORE Chairman Richard A. D Amore /s/ KATHLEEN A. BAYLESS Director Kathleen A. Bayless /s/ SUJEET CHAND, Ph.D. Sujeet Chand, Ph.D. Director /s/ GORDON HUNTER Director Gordon Hunter /s/ KEITH D. JACKSON Director Keith D. Jackson /s/ LENA NICOLAIDES, Ph.D. Director Lena Nicolaides, Ph.D. /s/ MARY JANE RAYMOND Director Mary Jane Raymond /s/ PETER J. SIMONE Director Peter J. Simone /s/ THOMAS ST. DENNIS Director Thomas St. Dennis 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts S-1 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting F irm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Veeco Instruments Inc.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Veeco Instruments Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II - valuation and qualifying accounts (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for the covertible senior notes as of January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06: Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity, using the modified retrospective method. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 Assessment of the value of excess and obsolete inventory As discussed in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company assesses the valuation of its inventories, including materials, work-in-process, and finished goods, each reporting period. Obsolete inventory or inventory in excess of the Company s estimated usage requirement is written down to its estimated net realizable value if less than cost. Estimates of usage include the Company s analysis of anticipated demand, possible alternative uses of its inventory, as well as other qualitative factors. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s inventories totaled 206.9 million. We identified the assessment of the value of excess and obsolete inventory as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgement was required to evaluate the Company s estimates of anticipated demand, which can be affected by market and economic conditions outside the Company s control. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s inventory valuation process. This included controls related to the development of estimates of anticipated demand of inventory. We evaluated current year estimates of anticipated demand used to assess the value of excess and obsolete inventory when they differed significantly from historical sales volumes. For certain inventory items, we compared the prior year estimate of anticipated demand to actual results to assess the Company s ability to accurately forecast. Evaluation of the realizability of domestic deferred tax assets As discussed in Note 1 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will not be realized, which is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had deferred tax assets before valuation allowances of 143.2 million. We identified the evaluation of the realizability of the domestic deferred tax assets as a critical audit matter. The evaluation of the realizability of domestic deferred tax assets required subjective auditor judgment to assess the projections of future taxable income, including projected revenue growth rates, over the periods in which those deferred tax assets will be utilized. We performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the assumptions used in the Company s forecast of projected future taxable income, including projected revenue growth rates, that have a significant impact on utilization of the domestic deferred tax assets. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to assessing the realizability of domestic deferred tax assets, which included controls related to the Company s evaluation of assumptions used to estimate projected revenue growth rates and projected future taxable income. We evaluated management s projections of revenue growth rates by comparing them to (i) historical growth for certain product lines, (ii) industry data and economic trends, and (iii) known customer orders. We also assessed the Company s ability to project future revenue growth rates by comparing previous annual projections to actual results. We evaluated management s projections of future taxable income by comparing them to (i) recent financial profitability trends of the Company and (ii) industry data and economic trends. We assessed the Company s ability to project future taxable income by comparing previous annual projections to actual results. We also performed a sensitivity analysis over the amount and timing of future taxable income to assess the impact on utilization of the domestic deferred tax assets. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. February 22, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share amounts) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Customer deposits and deferred revenue Income taxes payable Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding. Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses, net: Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Restructuring Asset impairment Other operating expense (income), net ) Total operating expenses, net Operating income Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Income before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Net income ) Income per common share: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average number of shares: Basic Diluted See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in thousands) For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Available-for-sale securities: Change in net unrealized gains or losses ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Currency translation adjustments: Change in currency translation adjustments ) ) Net changes related to currency translation adjustments ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Total comprehensive income ) See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (in thousands) 

Accumulated Additional Other Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Comprehensive Shares Amount Capital Deficit Income Total Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net issuance under employee stock plans Extinguishment of equity component of repurchased/exchanged 2023 Notes ) ) Equity component of 2025 Notes Equity component of 2027 Notes Purchase of capped calls ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net issuance under employee stock plans ) ) Extinguishment of equity component of repurchased 2023 Notes ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle - adoption of ASU 2020-06 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net issuance under employee stock plans ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash interest expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Loss on extinguishment of debt Asset impairment Impairment of equity investments Provision for bad debts Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable and contract assets ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Customer deposits and deferred revenue ) Income taxes receivable and payable, net Other, net Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of investments Payments for purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from held for sale assets, net of costs to sell Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of 2027 Notes, net of issuance costs Purchase of capped calls ) Repurchase of 2023 Notes ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Proceeds (net of tax withholdings) from option exercises and employee stock purchase plan Restricted stock tax withholdings ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - end of period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Interest paid Income taxes paid (refunds received) ) Non-cash activities Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Net transfer of inventory to property, plant and equipment ) ) Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 -week basis ending on the last Sunday of each period, which is determined at the start of each year. The Company s fourth quarter always ends on the last day of the calendar year, December 31. During 2022 the interim quarters ended on April 3, July 3, and October 2, and during 2021 the interim quarters ended on April 4, July 4, and October 3. The Company reports these interim quarters as March 31, June 30, and September 30 in its interim consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 year or less. The Company has elected to treat shipping and handling costs, including those costs incurred to move, package, and prepare the Company s products for shipment and to move the products to a customer s designated location, as a 
 F-10 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 from the date of final acceptance by providing labor and parts necessary to repair the systems during the warranty period. The Company records the estimated warranty cost when revenue is recognized on the related system. Warranty cost is included in Cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The estimated warranty cost is based on the Company s historical experience with its systems and regional labor costs. The Company calculates the average service hours by region and parts expense per system utilizing actual service records to determine the estimated warranty charge. The Company updates its warranty estimates on a quarterly basis when the actual product performance or field expense differs from original estimates. million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. award. Consequently, the total compensation expense is recognized straight-line over the entire vesting period, so long as the compensation cost recognized at any date at least equals the portion of the grant date fair value of the award that is vested at that date. In addition to stock options, restricted share awards RSAs and restricted stock units RSUs with time-based vesting, the Company grants performance share units and awards PSUs and PSAs that have either performance or market conditions. Compensation cost for PSUs and PSAs with performance conditions is recognized over the requisite service period based on the timing and expected level of achievement of the performance targets. A change in the assessment of performance attainment prior to the conclusion of the performance period is recognized in the period of the change in estimate. Compensation cost for PSUs and PSAs with market conditions is recognized over the requisite service period regardless of the expected level of achievement. For all PSUs and PSAs, the number of shares issued to the employee at the conclusion of the service period may vary from the original target based upon the level of attainment of the performance or market conditions. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to compute the estimated fair value of option awards and purchase rights under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation to compute the estimated fair value of awards with market conditions. The Black-Scholes model and Monte Carlo simulation include assumptions regarding dividend yields, expected volatility, expected option term, and risk-free interest rates. See Note 12, Stock Plans, for additional information. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. To further mitigate the Company s exposure to uncollectable accounts, the Company may request certain customers provide a negotiable irrevocable letter of credit drawn on a reputable financial institution. These irrevocable letters of credit are typically issued to mature between zero and from the date the documentation requirements are met, typically when a system ships or upon receipt of final acceptance from the customer. The Company, at its discretion, may monetize these letters of credit on a non-recourse basis after they become negotiable but before maturity. The fees associated with the monetization are included in Selling, general, and administrative in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. million and million of cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 and of cash and cash equivalents were maintained outside the United States at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Short-term investments consist of marketable debt securities, and are generally classified as available-for-sale for use in current operations, if required, and are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, presented as a separate component of stockholders equity under the caption Accumulated other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These securities can include U.S. treasuries, government agency securities, corporate debt, and commercial paper, all with maturities of greater than three months when purchased. All realized gains and losses and unrealized losses resulting from declines in fair value that are other than temporary are included in Other operating expense (income), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The specific identification method is used to determine the realized gains and losses on investments. Non-marketable equity securities are equity securities without readily observable market prices and are included in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Non-marketable securities are measured at cost, adjusted for changes in observable prices minus impairment. Changes in fair value and impairment charges are included in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 F-14 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 ASU 2019-12: Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes in the second quarter of 2020, effective as of the beginning of fiscal year 2020. This ASU simplifies the accounting for income taxes by eliminating certain exceptions to the general principles and simplifying several aspects of ASC 740, Income Taxes, including, but not limited to, requirements related to the following: a) exception to the incremental approach for intraperiod tax allocation; b) the tax basis step-up in goodwill obtained in a transaction that is not a business combination; c) ownership changes in investments - changes from a subsidiary to an equity method investment; d) separate financial statements of entities not subject to tax; e) interim-period accounting for enacted changes in tax law; and f) the year-to-date loss limitation in interim-period tax accounting. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements as of the date of adoption. The Company ASU 2020-06: Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity on January 1, 2022, using the modified retrospective method for all financial instruments that were outstanding as of the adoption date. This standard simplifies the accounting for convertible debt instruments by removing the separation models for convertible debt with a cash conversion feature, as well as convertible instruments with a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, entities will account for a convertible debt instrument wholly as debt, unless certain other conditions are met. The elimination of these models reduces non-cash interest expense for entities that have issued a convertible instrument that was within the scope of those models before the adoption of ASU 2020-06, such as the Company s 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes. Additionally, ASU 2020-06 requires the application of the if-converted method for calculating diluted earnings per share, and precludes the use of the treasury stock method for certain debt instruments, such as the Company s 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes. Additional paid-in capital ) Accumulated deficit ) ) The adoption of ASU 2020-06 resulted in the following adjustments to the Company s calculations of basic and diluted income per share for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 Under Under ASU 2020-06 legacy accounting Difference Income per common share: Basic income per common share Diluted income per common share ) (u) Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted The Company is evaluating other pronouncements recently issued but not yet adopted. The adoption of these pronouncements is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 ) Interest expense associated with convertible notes Net income available to common shareholders ) Denominator: Basic weighted average shares outstanding Effect of potentially dilutive share-based awards Dilutive effect of convertible notes Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Net income per common share: Basic ) Diluted ) Unvested participating shares excluded from basic weighted average shares outstanding since the securityholders are not obligated to fund losses Common share equivalents excluded from the diluted weighted average shares outstanding since the Company incurred a net loss and their effect would be antidilutive Potentially dilutive shares excluded from the diluted calculation as their effect would be antidilutive Maximum potential shares to be issued for settlement of the convertible notes excluded from the diluted calculation as their effect would be antidilutive 
 F-16 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Money market cash Total Short-term investments U.S. treasuries Government agency securities Corporate debt Commercial paper Total December 31, 2021 Cash equivalents Certificate of deposits and time deposits Money market cash Total Short-term investments U.S. treasuries Government agency securities Corporate debt Commercial paper Total 
 F-17 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 The Company s investments classified as Level 1 are based on quoted prices that are available in active markets, as well as certificates of deposits and time deposits that are classified as Level 1 due to their short-term nature. The Company s investments classified as Level 2 are valued using observable inputs to quoted market prices, benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. ) Government agency securities ) Corporate debt ) Commercial paper Total ) December 31, 2021 U.S. treasuries ) Government agency securities ) Corporate debt ) Commercial paper Total ) Available-for-sale securities in a loss position at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: ) ) ) Government agency securities ) ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) Total ) ) ) At December 31, 2021, there were short-term investments that had been in a continuous loss position for more than 12 months. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Due after one year through two years Total Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. The realized gains or losses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were immaterial. Other Investments Veeco has an ownership interest of less than in a non-marketable investment in a separate entity, with a carrying value of million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company does not exert significant influence over this entity. This equity investment does not have a readily observable market price, and therefore the Company has elected to measure this investment at cost, adjusted for changes in observable market prices minus impairment. The investment is included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The investment is subject to periodic impairment reviews which require judgment. The analyses include assessments of the companies financial condition, the business outlooks for their products and technologies, their projected results and cash flows, business valuation indications from recent rounds of financing, the likelihood of obtaining subsequent rounds of financing, and the impact of equity preferences held by Veeco relative to other investors. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company identified impairment indicators on the Company s investment, and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of million. This impairment charge was included in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Work-in-process Finished goods Total 
 F-19 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 N/A Building and improvements Machinery and equipment (1) Leasehold improvements Gross property, plant, and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization Net property, plant, and equipment 

 (1) Machinery and equipment also includes software, furniture, and fixtures Depreciation expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. changes in goodwill balances during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021, while the below table reflects the gross carrying amounts and accumulated impairments as of the respective periods: The Company performs its annual goodwill impairment test at the beginning of the fourth quarter each year. As the Company maintains a single goodwill reporting unit, it determines the fair value of its reporting unit based upon the Company s adjusted market capitalization. The annual test performed at the beginning of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020 did not result in any potential impairment as the fair value of the reporting unit was determined to exceed the carrying amount of the reporting unit. The valuation of goodwill will continue to be subject to changes in the Company s market capitalization and observable market control premiums. This analysis is sensitive to changes in the Company s stock price and absent other qualitative factors, the Company may be required to record goodwill impairment charges in future periods if the stock price declines and remains depressed for an extended period of time. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Customer relationships Trademarks and tradenames Other - Total Other intangible assets primarily consist of patents, licenses, and backlog. Based on the intangible assets recorded at December 31, 2022, and assuming no subsequent additions to or impairment of the underlying assets, the remaining estimated annual amortization expense, is expected to be as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Warranty Operating lease liabilities Interest Professional fees Legal settlement Sales, use, and other taxes Other Total Customer deposits and deferred revenue Customer deposits totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in Customer deposits and deferred revenue in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Deferred revenue represents amounts billed, other than deposits, in excess of the revenue that can be recognized on a particular contract at the balance sheet date. Changes in deferred revenue were as follows: 
 F-21 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Deferral of revenue Recognition of unearned revenue ) Balance - December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately million of remaining performance obligations on contracts with an original estimated duration of or more, of which approximately is expected to be recognized within , with the remaining amounts expected to be recognized between one to . The Company has elected to exclude disclosures regarding remaining performance obligations that have an original expected duration of year or less. Other liabilities At December 31, 2022 and 2021, other liabilities included (i) asset retirement obligations of million and million, respectively; (ii) income tax payables of million for both periods, and (iii) medical and dental benefits for former executives of million and million, respectively. Warranties issued Consumption of reserves ) ) ) Changes in estimate ) Balance - end of the year Minimum Lease Commitments The Company s operating leases primarily include real estate leases for properties used for manufacturing, R D activities, sales and service, and administration, as well as certain equipment leases. Some leases may include options to renew for a period of up to , while others may include options to terminate the lease. The weighted average remaining lease term of the Company s operating leases as of December 31, 2022 was , and the weighted average discount rate used in determining the present value of future lease payments was . 
 F-22 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Total Reported as of December 31, 2022 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total Operating lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. Variable lease cost was million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and million for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020. Additionally, the Company has an immaterial amount of short-term leases. Lease expense, which includes operating lease costs and variable lease costs, was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. In addition, the Company is obligated under such leases for certain other expenses, including real estate taxes and insurance. Operating cash outflows from operating leases for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million (excluding landlord reimbursements for leasehold improvements of million included within Other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows), and million, respectively. Legal Proceedings On June 8, 2018, an Ultratech shareholder who received Veeco stock as part of the consideration for the Ultratech acquisition filed a purported class action complaint in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Santa Clara, captioned Wolther v. Maheshwari et al., Case No. 18CV329690, on behalf of himself and others who purchased or acquired shares of Veeco pursuant to the registration statement and prospectus which Veeco filed with the SEC in connection with the Ultratech acquisition (the Wolther Action ). On August 2 and August 8, 2018, purported class action complaints substantially similar to the Wolther Action were filed on behalf of different plaintiffs in the same court as the Wolther Action. These cases were consolidated with the Wolther Action, and a consolidated complaint was filed on December 11, 2018. The consolidated complaint sought to recover damages and fees under Sections 11, 12, and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 for, among other things, alleged false/misleading statements in the registration statement and prospectus relating to the Ultratech acquisition, relating primarily to the alleged failure to disclose delays in the advanced packaging business, increased MOCVD competition in China, and an intellectual property dispute. In October 2021, Veeco and the court-appointed class representatives signed an agreement to settle the Wolther Action on a class-wide basis for million, subject to court approval and class members opportunity to object and opt-out. On June 27, 2022, the court granted final approval to the class action settlement. The settlement amount was funded by insurance carriers. The corresponding receivable and liability had been included within Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Accrued expenses and other current liabilities , respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 million was paid to plaintiff s counsel for fees and expenses. The amount was funded by insurance that Veeco maintains in the normal course of its business. The Company is involved in various other legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. The Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Concentrations of Credit Risk The Company depends on purchases from its largest customers, which accounted for and of net accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Customers who accounted for more than 10 of net accounts receivable or net sales are as follows: Customer B Customer C Customer D Customer E Customer F 

 Less than 10 of aggregate accounts receivable or net sales The Company manufactures and sells its products to companies in different geographic locations. Refer to Note 16, Segment Reporting and Geographic Information, for additional information. In certain instances, the Company requires deposits from its customers for a portion of the sales price in advance of shipment and performs periodic credit evaluations on its customers. Where appropriate, the Company requires letters of credit on certain non-U.S. sales arrangements. Receivables generally are due within to from the date of invoice. In some geographies, receivables may be payable up to from the date of the invoice. Receivable Purchase Agreement In December 2020, the Company entered into a receivable purchase agreement with a financial institution to sell certain of its trade receivables from customers without recourse, up to million at any point in time. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company sold million of receivables during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which million remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022 as defined in the receivable purchase agreement, and million was available under the agreement for additional sales of receivables. There were sales of receivables under this agreement during 2021. The net sale of accounts receivable under the agreement is reflected as a reduction of 
 F-24 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, that were included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Purchase Commitments The Company had purchase commitments of million at December 31, 2022, the majority of which will come due within one year. Purchase commitments are primarily for inventory used in manufacturing products, as well as equipment and project materials used to support research and development activities, and are partially offset by existing deposits with suppliers. Bank Guarantees The Company has bank guarantees and letters of credit issued by a financial institution on its behalf as needed. At December 31, 2022, outstanding bank guarantees and letters of credit totaled million and unused bank guarantees and letters of credit of million were available to be drawn upon. million of convertible senior unsecured notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes ). The Company received net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and fees and expenses payable by the Company, of approximately million. The 2023 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on July 15, 2017. The 2023 Notes mature on January 15, 2023, unless earlier purchased by the Company, redeemed, or converted. On May 18, 2020, in connection with the completion of a private offering of million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2027 described below, the Company repurchased and retired approximately million in aggregate principal amount of its outstanding 2023 Notes, with a carrying amount of million, for approximately million of cash. The Company accounted for the partial settlement of the 2023 Notes as an extinguishment, and as such, recorded a loss on extinguishment of approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which is included in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, as well as a reduction of additional paid-in capital of million for the repurchase of the conversion feature. Additionally, on November 11, 2020, the Company entered into a privately negotiated exchange agreement with a holder of its outstanding 2023 Notes, under which the Company agreed to retire million in aggregate original principal 
 F-25 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 million, in exchange for the issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of new convertible senior notes due 2025 described below, which had a fair value that approximated the principal amount of notes issued. The Company accounted for the partial settlement of the 2023 Notes as an extinguishment, and as such, recorded a loss on extinguishment of approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which is included in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, as well as a reduction of additional paid-in capital of million for the exchange of the conversion feature. Finally, on November 5, 2021, the Company entered into a privately negotiated note purchase agreement with a holder of its outstanding 2023 Notes, under which the Company agreed to repurchase and retire approximately million in aggregate original principal amount of the 2023 Notes, with a carrying amount of million, for cash consideration of approximately million, and approximately million of accrued and unpaid interest. The Company accounted for the partial settlement of the 2023 Notes as an extinguishment, and as such, recorded a loss on extinguishment of approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, as well as a reduction of additional paid-in capital of million for the repurchase of the conversion feature. The 2023 Notes matured on January 15, 2023 and were paid in cash and settled by the Company at that time. 2025 Notes On November 17, 2020, as part of the privately negotiated exchange agreement described above, the Company issued million of convertible senior notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes ). The 2025 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on July 15, 2021. The 2025 Notes mature on January 15, 2025, unless earlier purchased by the Company, redeemed, or converted. 2027 Notes On May 18, 2020, the Company completed a private offering of million of convertible senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes ). The Company received net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and fees and expenses payable by the Company. Additionally, the Company used approximately million of cash to purchase capped calls, discussed below. The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on December 1, 2020. The 2027 Notes mature on June 1, 2027, unless earlier purchased by the Company, redeemed, or converted. The 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes (collectively, the Notes are unsecured obligations of Veeco and rank senior in right of payment to any of Veeco s subordinated indebtedness; equal in right of payment to all of Veeco s unsecured indebtedness that is not subordinated; effectively subordinated in right of payment to any of Veeco s secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of Veeco s subsidiaries. The Notes are convertible into cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination thereof, at the Company s election, upon the satisfaction of specified conditions and during certain periods as described below. The initial conversion rates are , , and shares of the Company s common stock per principal amount of the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes, respectively, representing initial effective conversion prices of , , and per share of common stock, respectively. The conversion rates may be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events. Holders may convert all or any portion of their notes, in multiples of thousand dollar principal amount, at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding October 15, 2022 with 
 F-26 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (ii) During the five consecutive business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per thousand dollar principal amount of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of Veeco s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (iii) If the Company calls any or all of applicable series of the Notes for redemption at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or (iv) Upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. For the calendar quarter ended December 31, 2022, the last reported sales price of common stock during the consecutive trading days, based on the criteria outlined in (i) above, was greater than of the conversion price of the 2027 Notes, and as such the 2027 Notes are convertible by the holders until March 31, 2023. Holders may convert their notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances, on or after October 15, 2022 with respect to the 2023 Notes, October 15, 2024 with respect to the 2025 Notes, and October 1, 2026 with respect to the 2027 Notes, until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the respective maturity date. Accounting for the Notes after the adoption of ASU 2020-06 The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022 as further described in Note 1, Basis of Presentation . Following the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Notes are recorded as a single unit within liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets as the conversion features within the Notes are not derivatives that require bifurcation and the Notes do not involve a substantial premium. Transaction costs of million, million, and million incurred in connection with the issuance of the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes, respectively, were recorded as direct deductions from the related debt liabilities and recognized as non-cash interest expense using the effective interest method over the expected terms of the Notes. Accounting for the Notes prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 Upon conversion by the holders, the Company may elect to settle such conversion in shares of its common stock, cash, or a combination thereof. As a result of its cash conversion options, prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company segregated the liability component of the instruments from the equity components. The liability components were measured by estimating the fair value of a non-convertible debt instrument that is similar in its terms to the Notes. The calculation of the fair value of the debt components required the use of Level 3 inputs, including utilization of convertible investors credit assumptions and high yield bond indices. Fair value was estimated through discounting future interest and principal payments, an income approach, due under the Notes at a discount rate equal to the estimated borrowing rate for similar non-convertible debt, or , , and with respect to the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes, respectively. The excess of the aggregate face values of the Notes over the estimated fair values of the liability components of million, million, and million with respect to the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes, respectively, were recognized as debt discounts and recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital and were to be amortized over the expected lives of the Notes using the effective interest rate method. Amortization of the debt discounts were recognized as non-cash interest expense. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 million, million, and million incurred in connection with the issuance of the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes, respectively, were allocated to the liability and equity components based on their relative values. Transaction costs allocated to the liability component were being amortized using the effective interest rate method and recognized as non-cash interest expense over the expected terms of the Notes. Transaction costs allocated to the equity component of million, million, and million with respect to the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes, respectively, reduced the value of the equity components recognized in stockholders equity. The carrying values of the Notes are as follows: ) ) 2025 Notes ) ) 2027 Notes ) ) Net carrying value ) ) Total interest expense related to the Notes is as follows: Coupon interest expense - 2025 Notes Coupon interest expense - 2027 Notes Non-cash Interest Expense Amortization of debt discount/transaction costs- 2023 Notes Amortization of debt discount/transaction costs- 2025 Notes Amortization of debt discount/transaction costs- 2027 Notes Total Interest Expense The Company determined the Notes are Level 2 liabilities in the fair value hierarchy and estimated their fair values as million, million, and million at December 31, 2022 for the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes, respectively. Capped Call Transactions In connection with the offering of the 2027 Notes, on May 13, 2020, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Capped Call Transactions ), pursuant to capped call confirmations, covering the total principal amount of the 2027 Notes for an aggregate premium of million. The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to the Company s common stock upon any conversion of the 2027 Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the aggregate principal amount of converted 2027 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap based on the capped price of the Capped Call Transactions. The Capped Call Transactions exercise price is equal to the initial conversion price of the 2027 Notes, and the capped price of the Capped Call Transactions is approximately per share and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the capped call confirmations. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 million (the Credit Facility ), including a million letter of credit sublimit. The Credit Facility is guaranteed by the Company s direct material U.S. subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions. Borrowings under the Credit Facility are secured by a first-priority lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company, subject to customary exceptions. The Credit Facility has a term of , maturing on December 16, 2026, or earlier if certain liquidity measures are not met prior to the 2025 Notes maturing. Subject to certain conditions and the receipt of commitments from the lenders, the Loan and Security Agreement allows for revolving commitments under the Credit Facility to be increased by up to million. The existing lenders under the Credit Facility are entitled, but not obligated, to provide such incremental commitments. Borrowings will bear interest at a floating rate which can be, at the Company s option, either (a) an alternate base rate plus an applicable rate ranging from to or (b) a SOFR rate (with a floor of for the specified interest period plus an applicable rate ranging from to , in each case, depending on the Company s Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement). The Company will pay an unused commitment fee ranging from to based on unused capacity under the Credit Facility and the Company s Secured Net Leverage Ratio. The Company may use the proceeds of borrowings under the Credit Facility to pay transaction fees and expenses, provide for its working capital needs and reimburse drawings under letters of credit and for other general corporate purposes. The Loan and Security Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants for transactions of this type, including, among others, the provision of financial and other information to the administrative agent, notice to the administrative agent upon the occurrence of certain material events, preservation of existence, maintenance of properties and insurance, compliance with laws, including environmental laws, the provision of additional guarantees, and an affiliate transactions covenant, subject to certain exceptions. The Loan and Security Agreement contains customary negative covenants, including, among others, restrictions on the ability to merge and consolidate with other companies, incur indebtedness, refinance our existing convertible notes, grant liens or security interests on assets, make investments, acquisitions, loans, or advances, pay dividends, and sell or otherwise transfer assets. The Loan and Security Agreement contains financial maintenance covenants that require the Borrower to maintain an Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement) of not less than to 1.00, a Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement) of not more than to 1.00, and a Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement) of not more than to 1.00, in each case, tested at the end of each fiscal quarter commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022. The Loan and Security Agreement also provides for a number of customary events of default, including, among others: payment defaults to the lenders voluntary and involuntary bankruptcy proceedings covenant defaults material inaccuracies of representations and warranties certain change of control events material money judgments and other customary events of default. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of obligations and the termination of lending commitments under the Loan and Security Agreement. amounts were outstanding under the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance - December 31, 2020 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance - December 31, 2021 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance - December 31, 2022 ) The Company did not allocate additional tax expense (benefit) to other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as the Company was in a full valuation allowance position such that a deferred tax asset related to amounts recognized in other comprehensive income was not regarded as realizable on a more-likely-than-not basis. The Company allocated an immaterial amount of additional tax benefit to other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as the Company is no longer in a full valuation allowance position. Preferred Stock The Board of Directors has authority under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to issue shares of preferred stock, par value , with voting and economic rights to be determined by the Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2022, preferred shares have been issued. stock option shares and RSUs under this plan. Stock options under this plan vest over a period and have a term, and RSUs under this plan vest over a two or period. At December 31, 2013, the Inducement Plan was merged into the 2019 Plan and is considered an inactive plan with further shares available for grant. At December 31, 2022, there are option shares and RSUs outstanding under the Inducement Plan. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 million shares under the 2019 Plan. Option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the trading day prior to the date of grant; option awards generally vest over a period and have a seven or term. RSAs and RSUs generally vest over one to . Certain option and share awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control, as defined in the 2019 Plan. At December 31, 2022, there are million option shares and million RSUs and PSUs outstanding under the 2019 Plan. The Company is authorized to issue up to million shares under the approved 2016 employee stock purchase plan ESPP ), including additional shares authorized under plan amendments approved by shareholders in 2019 and 2021. Under the ESPP, substantially all employees in the U.S. may purchase the Company s common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to percent of the lower of the fair market value of the Company s common stock at the beginning or end of each offer period, as defined in the ESPP, and subject to certain limits. The ESPP was approved by the Company s shareholders. Shares Reserved for Future Issuance At December 31, 2022, the Company has million shares reserved to cover exercises of outstanding stock options, vesting of RSUs, and additional grants under the 2019 Plan. At December 31, 2022, the Company has million shares reserved to cover future issuances under the ESPP Plan. Share-Based Compensation The Company recognized share-based compensation in the following line items in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the periods indicated: Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Total The Company did not realize any tax benefits associated with share-based compensation for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 due to the full valuation allowance on its U.S. deferred tax assets. See Note 15, Income Taxes for additional information. The Company recognized a tax benefit of approximately million associated with share-based compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company capitalized an immaterial amount of share-based compensation into inventory for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Unrecognized share-based compensation costs at December 31, 2022 are summarized below: Restricted stock awards Performance share units Total unrecognized share-based compensation cost 
 F-31 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Stock Option Awards Stock options are awards issued to employees that entitle the holder to purchase shares of the Company s stock at a fixed price. The following table summarizes the equity activity related to stock options: Expired ) Balance - December 31, 2020 Exercised ) Expired ) Balance - December 31, 2021 Expired ) Balance - December 31, 2022 The following table summarizes stock option information at December 31, 2022: - - There were unvested options outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes information on options exercised for the periods indicated: Intrinsic value of options exercised RSAs, RSUs, PSAs, PSUs RSAs are stock awards issued to employees and directors that are subject to specified restrictions and a risk of forfeiture. RSUs are stock awards issued to employees that entitle the holder to receive shares of common stock as the awards vest. PSAs and PSUs are awards that result in an issuance of shares of common stock to employees if certain performance or market conditions are achieved. All of these awards typically vest over one to and vesting is subject to the employee s continued service with the Company and, in the case of performance awards, meeting certain performance or market conditions. The fair value of the awards is determined and fixed based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the trading day prior to the date of grant, or, in the case of performance awards with market conditions, fair value is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Granted Performance award adjustments ) Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance - December 31, 2020 Granted Performance award adjustments Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance - December 31, 2021 Granted Performance award adjustments Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance - December 31, 2022 The total fair value of shares that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. For performance awards, the final number of shares earned will vary depending on the achievement of the actual results relative to the performance or market conditions. Each performance award is included in the table above at the grant date target share amount until the end of the performance period if not previously forfeited. The fair value of performance awards with market conditions is estimated on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation. Estimates of fair value are not intended to predict actual future events or the value ultimately realized by employees who receive these awards. The weighted average fair value and the assumptions used in calculating such values during fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 for performance awards with market conditions were based on estimates at the date of grant as follows: Dividend yield Expected volatility factor (1) Risk-free interest rate (2) Expected life (in years) (3) 

 (1) Expected volatility is measured using historical daily price changes of the Company s stock over the respective expected term. (2) The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual term is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. (3) The expected life is the number of years the Company estimates that the awards will be outstanding prior to exercise. Employee Stock Purchase Plan For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company received cash proceeds of million, million, and million, and issued shares of , , and , respectively, under the ESPP Plan. The 
 F-33 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Dividend yield Expected volatility factor (1) Risk-free interest rate (2) Expected life (in years) (3) 

 (1) Expected volatility is measured using historical daily price changes of the Company s stock over the respective expected term. (2) The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual term is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. (3) The expected life is the number of years the Company estimates that the purchase rights will be outstanding prior to exercise. cents for every dollar employees contribute, up to percent of the employee s eligible compensation, as limited by current Internal Revenue Code regulations. Generally, the plan calls for vesting in the Company contributions over the initial of a participant s employment. The Company provided employer contributions associated with this plan of approximately million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. million, with approximately of the transaction price received upon closing, and held in escrow for a period of and subsequently collected in 2021. Long-lived assets and definite-lived intangible assets were not depreciated or amortized while classified as held for sale. The sale of this disposal group did not represent a strategic shift that will have a material effect on the Company s operations and financial results, nor is it considered a component of the Company, and as such it did not meet the criteria to be reported as discontinued operations. During 2020, the Company recorded additional impairment charges of million related to the finalization of the sale of this disposal group. ) Foreign Total ) 
 F-34 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Significant components of the expense (benefit) for income taxes consisted of the following: State and local Total current expense (benefit) for income taxes Deferred: Federal ) Foreign ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) Total deferred expense (benefit) for income taxes ) ) ) Total expense (benefit) for income taxes ) ) ) The income tax expense (benefit) was reconciled to the tax expense computed at the U.S. federal statutory tax rate as follows: ) State taxes, net of U.S. federal impact ) ) Effect of international operations ) ) Research and development tax credit ) ) Net change in valuation allowance ) ) Change in accrual for unrecognized tax benefits ) Share-based compensation Asset impairment Partial extinguishment of 2023 Notes ) ) Adoption of new accounting standard ) Other Total expense (benefit) for income taxes ) ) ) 
 F-35 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amounts recognized for tax purposes. The tax effects of the temporary differences were as follows: Net operating losses Credit carry forwards Warranty and installation accruals Share-based compensation Customer deposits and deferred revenue Operating leases Research and experimental R E capitalization Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Purchased intangible assets Convertible Senior Notes ) Operating leases Depreciation Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred taxes ) The Company does not permanently reinvest its earnings from certain foreign jurisdictions and has accrued for foreign tax withholdings of million on its unremitted earnings as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a net decrease of million of its valuation allowance. This decrease was primarily related to the reversal of valuation allowances on domestic deferred tax assets. After considering recent significant positive evidence, including a consistent pattern of earnings in the past three years, as well as forecasted future earnings, it was determined that a valuation allowance was no longer required for certain deferred tax assets primarily recorded on tax credits and net operating losses in U.S. jurisdictions. The Company s remaining valuation allowance of approximately million relates primarily to state and local, and certain foreign jurisdiction tax attributes for which the Company could not conclude were realizable on a more-likely-than-not basis. At December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal research and development credits of million that will expire between 2023 and 2042. The Company also has million of foreign tax credits that expire in 2027. Additionally, the Company has state and local NOL carryforwards of approximately million (a net deferred tax asset of million, net of federal tax benefits and before the valuation allowance) that will expire between 2023 and 2041. Finally, the Company has state credits of million, some of which are indefinite and others that will expire between 2024 and 2037. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Additions for tax positions related to current year Additions for tax positions related to prior years Reductions for tax positions related to prior years ) ) ) Reductions due to the lapse of the statute of limitations Settlements ) ) ) Balance at end of year If the amount of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 were recognized, the Company s income tax provision would decrease by million. The gross amount of interest and penalties accrued in income tax payable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets was approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company, or one of its subsidiaries, files income tax returns in the United States federal jurisdiction, and various state, local, and foreign jurisdictions. All material consolidated federal income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2017 subject to subsequent utilization of NOLs generated in such years. All material state and local income tax matters have been reviewed through 2012. The majority of the Company s foreign jurisdictions have been reviewed through 2015. The Company s major foreign jurisdictions statutes of limitation remain open with respect to the tax years 2015 through 2021 for Germany, 2017 through 2021 for China, 2021 for Taiwan, and 2020 and 2021 for Singapore. The Company does not anticipate that its uncertain tax position will change significantly within the next twelve months subject to the completion of the ongoing tax audits and any resultant settlement. operating segment and therefore has reportable segment: the development, manufacture, sales, and support of semiconductor and thin film process equipment primarily sold to make electronic devices. The Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker, the Chief Executive Officer, evaluates performance of the Company and makes decisions regarding the allocation of resources based on total Company results. Sales by end-market is as follows: Compound Semiconductor Data Storage Scientific Other Total The Company s significant operations outside the United States include sales and service offices in China, Europe, and Rest of APAC. For geographic reporting, sales are attributed to the location in which the customer facility is located. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents Veeco Instruments Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 EMEA (1) China Rest of APAC Rest of World Total 

 (1) EMEA consists of Europe, the Middle East, and Africa employees. The purchase price for the transaction, all payable in cash, was million paid at the time of closing with a potential additional million in performance based earn-outs. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 Valuation allowance in net deferred tax assets ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts Valuation allowance in net deferred tax assets ) ) Year ended December 31, 2020 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) Valuation allowance in net deferred tax assets ) ) 
 S-1 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 veco-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant As of December 31, 2022 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Percentage Ownership(A) U.S. Subsidiaries Ultratech International Inc. DE 100 Veeco APAC LLC DE 100 Veeco Process Equipment Inc. DE 100 Foreign Subsidiaries Veeco Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore 100 Veeco GmbH Germany 100 Veeco Instruments Limited England 100 Veeco Instruments (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China 100 Veeco Japan Ltd. Japan 100 Veeco Korea LLC South Korea 100 Veeco Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia 100 Veeco Netherlands BV Netherlands 100 Veeco Taiwan Inc. Taiwan 100 Ultra-Tech Technologies Israel Ltd. Israel 100 
 
 (A) Includes direct and indirect ownership. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 veco-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors Veeco Instruments Inc.: We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements listed below of our reports, dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule II valuation and qualifying accounts of Veeco Instruments Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

Registration No. Form Plan 333-166852 S-8 Veeco Instruments Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan 333-194737 S-8 Veeco Instruments Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, Veeco Instruments Inc. 2013 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan 333-211781 S-8 Veeco Instruments Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, Veeco Instruments Inc. 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 333-218256 S-8 Ultratech, Inc. 1993 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan as amended and restated May 31, 2017 333-231266 S-8 Veeco Instruments Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan; First Amendment to Veeco Instruments Inc. 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 333-242450 S-3 Veeco Instruments Inc. Shelf Registration Statement 333-256004 S-8 Second Amendment to Veeco Instruments Inc. 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 333-265117 S-8 Amendment No. 1 to the Veeco Instruments Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 /s/ KPMG LLP Santa Clara, California February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 veco-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a 14(a) or RULE 15d 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 I, William J. Miller, Ph.D., certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ WILLIAM J. MILLER, Ph.D. William J. Miller, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer and Director Veeco Instruments Inc. February 22, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 veco-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a 14(a) or RULE 15d 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 I, John P. Kiernan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ John P. Kiernan John P. Kiernan Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Veeco Instruments Inc. February 22, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 veco-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Veeco Instruments Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William J. Miller, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ WILLIAM J. MILLER, Ph.D. William J. Miller, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer and Director Veeco Instruments Inc. February 22, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Veeco Instruments Inc. and will be retained by Veeco Instruments Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 veco-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Veeco Instruments Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John P. Kiernan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ John P. Kiernan John P. Kiernan Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Veeco Instruments Inc. February 22, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Veeco Instruments Inc. and will be retained by Veeco Instruments Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 veco-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 veco-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 veco-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 veco-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

