<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_77159_0000077159-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13836470</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>442626</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2595197</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4519796</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3312843</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2745219</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000077159-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309141940
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000077159-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ranger Oil Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000077159
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				231184320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13283
		FILM NUMBER:		23719243

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16285 PARK TEN PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77084
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7137226500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16285 PARK TEN PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77084

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PENN VIRGINIA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VIRGINIA COAL & IRON CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670501

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000077159-23-000003.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 pva-20221231.htm
 10-K

pva-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter), based on the last sale price of such stock as quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 As of March 3, 2023, there were 41,507,928 shares of common stock outstanding, including shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class B Common Stock. 

RANGER OIL CORPORATION 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 Glossary of Certain Terms 
 3 
 Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 8 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 41 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 41 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 46 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 47 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: 
 Overview and Executive Summary 
 48 
 Results of Operations 
 51 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 60 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 64 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 64 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 66 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 67 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 108 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 108 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 108 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 108 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 109 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 109 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 109 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 109 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 109 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 110 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 111 
 Signatures 
 112 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements contained herein that are not descriptions of historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. We use words such as anticipate, guidance, assumptions, projects, estimates, expects, continues, intends, plans, believes, forecasts, future, potential, may, possible, could and variations of such words or similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Because such statements include risks, uncertainties and contingencies, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and contingencies include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 all of the risks and uncertainty related to our announced merger with Baytex Energy Corp. Baytex ), including the risk that the conditions to the closing of the transaction are not satisfied and the additional risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this report; 
 risks related to completed acquisitions, including the risk that the benefits of the acquisitions may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected, and that management attention will be diverted to integration-related issues; 
 the sustained market uncertainty of, and volatility of commodity prices for crude oil, natural gas liquids, or NGLs, and natural gas; 
 general economic conditions, including as a result of governmental actions to address elevated inflation levels caused by labor shortages, supply shortages and increased demand, and other inflationary pressures; 
 the impact of world health events, including the COVID-19 pandemic, economic slowdown, governmental actions, stay-at-home orders and interruptions to our operations or our customer s operations; 
 risks related to and the impact of actual or anticipated other world health events; 
 our ability to satisfy our short-term and long-term liquidity needs, including our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to obtain adequate financing on favorable terms, including access to the capital markets, to fund our capital expenditures and meet working capital needs; 
 our ability to access capital, including through lending arrangements and the capital markets, as and when desired; 
 negative events or publicity adversely affecting our ability to maintain our relationships with our suppliers, service providers, customers, employees, and other third parties; 
 plans, objectives, expectations and intentions contained in this report that are not historical; 
 our ability to execute our business plan in volatile commodity price environments; 
 our ability to develop, explore for, acquire and replace oil and gas reserves and sustain production; 
 changes to our drilling and development program; 
 our ability to generate profits or achieve targeted reserves in our development operations; 
 our ability to meet guidance, market expectations and internal projections, including type curves; 
 any impairments, write-downs or write-offs of our reserves or assets; 
 the projected demand for and supply of oil, NGLs and natural gas; 
 our ability to contract for drilling rigs, frac crews, materials, supplies and services at reasonable costs; 
 our ability to declare dividends; 
 our ability to renew or replace expiring contracts on acceptable terms; 
 1 

our ability to obtain adequate pipeline transportation capacity or other transportation for our oil and gas production at reasonable cost and to sell our production at, or at reasonable discounts to, market prices; 
 the uncertainties inherent in projecting future rates of production for our wells and the extent to which actual production differs from that estimated in our proved oil and gas reserves; 
 use of new techniques in our development, including choke management and longer laterals; 
 drilling, completion and operating risks, including adverse impacts associated with well spacing and a high concentration of activity; 
 our ability to compete effectively against other oil and gas companies; 
 leasehold terms expiring before production can be established and our ability to replace expired leases; 
 environmental obligations, costs and liabilities that are not covered by an effective indemnity or insurance; 
 the timing of receipt of necessary regulatory permits; 
 the effect of commodity and financial derivative arrangements with other parties and counterparty risk related to the ability of these parties to meet their future obligations; 
 the occurrence of unusual weather or operating conditions, including force majeure events; 
 our ability to retain or attract senior management and key employees; 
 our reliance on a limited number of customers and a particular region for substantially all of our revenues and production; 
 compliance with and changes in governmental regulations or enforcement practices, especially with respect to environmental, health and safety matters; 
 physical, electronic and cybersecurity breaches; 
 uncertainties and economic events relating to general domestic and international economic and political conditions, including political tensions or war; 
 the impact and costs associated with litigation or other legal matters; 
 sustainability initiatives; and 
 other factors set forth in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including the risks set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in our press releases and public filings with the SEC. Many of the factors that will determine our future results are beyond the ability of management to control or predict. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect management s views only as of the date hereof. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law. 
 2 

Glossary of Certain Terms 
 The following abbreviations, terms and definitions are commonly used in the oil and gas industry and are used within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 bbl . A standard barrel of 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume of oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 
 Bcf . One billion cubic feet of natural gas. 
 boe . One barrel of oil equivalent with 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas converted to one barrel of crude oil based on the estimated relative energy content. 
 boe/d . Barrels of oil equivalent per day. 
 Borrowing base . The value assigned to a collection of borrower s assets used by lenders to determine an initial and/or continuing amount for loans. In the case of oil and gas exploration and development companies, the borrowing base is generally based on proved developed reserves. 
 Completion . A process of treating a drilled well, including hydraulic fracturing among other stimulation processes, followed by the installation of permanent equipment for the production of oil or gas. 
 Condensate . A mixture of hydrocarbons that exists in the gaseous phase at original reservoir temperature and pressure, but that, when produced, is in the liquid phase at surface temperature and pressure. 
 Development well . A well drilled within the proved area of an oil or gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. 
 Dry hole . A well found to be incapable of producing either oil or gas in sufficient commercial quantities to justify completion of the well. 
 EBITDAX . A measure of profitability utilized in the oil and gas industry representing earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, depletion, amortization and exploration expenses. EBITDAX is not a defined term or measure in generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP (see below). 
 Exploratory well. A well drilled to find a new field or to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or gas in another reservoir. Generally, an exploratory well is any well that is not a development well, a service well or a stratigraphic test well. 
 EUR . Estimated ultimate reserves, the sum of reserves remaining as of a given date and cumulative production as of that date. 
 GAAP . Accounting principles generally accepted in the Unites States of America. 
 Gas lift . A method of artificial lift that uses an external source of high-pressure gas for supplementing formation gas for lifting the well fluids. 
 Gross acre or well . An acre or well in which a working interest is owned. 
 HBP . Held by production is a provision in an oil and gas or mineral lease that perpetuates the leaseholder s right to operate the property as long as the property produces a minimum paying quantity of oil or gas. 
 HH . Henry Hub, the Erath, Louisiana settlement point price for natural gas. 
 HSC . Houston Ship Channel settlement point price for natural gas. 
 Juniper . Juniper Capital Advisors, L.P., JSTX Holdings, LLC and Rocky Creek Resources, LLC 
 Juniper Transactions . Consummation of the transactions contemplated by: (i) the Contribution Agreement, dated November 2, 2020, by and among Ranger Oil Corporation, the Partnership, and Juniper; and (ii) the Contribution Agreement, dated November 2, 2020 , by and among Rocky Creek, Ranger Oil Corporation and the Partnership pursuant to which Juniper contributed 150 million in cash and certain oil and gas assets in South Texas in exchange for equity. 
 
 3 

LIBOR . London Interbank Offered Rate. 
 LLS. Light Louisiana Sweet, a crude oil pricing index reference. 
 Mbbl . One thousand barrels of oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 
 Mboe . One thousand barrels of oil equivalent. 
 Mcf . One thousand cubic feet of natural gas. 
 MEH . Magellan East Houston, a crude oil pricing index reference. 
 MMbbl . One million barrels of oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 
 MMboe . One million barrels of oil equivalent. 
 MMBtu . One million British thermal units, a measure of energy content. 
 MMcf . One million cubic feet of natural gas. 
 Mt. Belvieu. Mont Belvieu, a natural gas liquid pricing index reference. 
 Net acre or well . The number of gross acres or wells multiplied by the owned working interest in such gross acres or wells. 
 NGL . Natural gas liquid (includes ethane, propane, butane, isobutane, pentane and pentanes plus). 
 NYMEX . New York Mercantile Exchange. 
 Oil . Includes crude oil and condensate. 
 Operator . The entity responsible for the exploration and/or production of a lease or well. 
 OPIS . Oil Price Information Service. 
 Partnership . ROCC Energy Holdings, L.P. (formerly PV Energy Holdings, L.P.) 
 Play . A geological formation with potential oil and gas reserves. 
 Productive wells . Wells that are not dry holes. 
 Proved reserves . Those quantities of oil and gas which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations before the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. 
 Proved developed reserves . Proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered: (a) through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared with the cost of a new well or (b) through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well. 
 Proved undeveloped reserves . Proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. Reserves on undrilled acreage are limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled. 
 
 4 

PV-10 . A non-GAAP measure representing the present value of estimated future oil and gas revenues, net of estimated direct costs, discounted at an annual discount rate of 10 . PV-10 is not a measure of financial or operating performance under GAAP, nor should it be considered in isolation or as a substitute for any GAAP measure. PV-10 does not purport to represent the fair value of oil and gas properties. 
 Reservoir . A porous and permeable underground formation containing a natural accumulation of hydrocarbons that is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is separate from other reservoirs. 
 Revenue interest . An economic interest in production of hydrocarbons from a specified property. 
 Royalty interest . An interest in the production of a well entitling the owner to a share of production generally free of the costs of exploration, development and production. 
 SEC . United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Service well . A well drilled or completed for the purpose of supporting production in an existing field. 
 Standardized measure . The present value, discounted at 10 per year, of estimated future cash inflows from the production of proved reserves, computed by applying prices used in estimating proved oil and gas reserves to the year-end quantities of those reserves (except for consideration of future price changes to the extent provided by contractual arrangements in existence at year-end), reduced by estimated future development and production costs, computed by estimating the expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved oil and gas reserves at the end of the year (including the settlement of asset retirement obligations), based on year-end costs and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions, further reduced by estimated future income tax expenses, computed by applying the appropriate year-end statutory tax rates, with consideration of future tax rates already legislated, to the future pretax net cash flows relating to the proved oil and gas reserves, less the tax basis of the properties involved and giving effect to the tax deductions and tax credits and allowances relating to the proved oil and gas reserves. 
 Unconventional . Generally refers to hydrocarbon reservoirs that lack discrete boundaries that typically define conventional reservoirs. Examples include shales, tight sands or coal beds. 
 Undeveloped acreage . Lease acreage on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of economic quantities of oil or gas, regardless of whether such acreage contains proved reserves. Under appropriate circumstances, undeveloped acreage may not be subject to expiration if properly held by production, as that term is defined above. 
 WTI . West Texas Intermediate, a crude oil pricing index reference. 
 Working interest . A cost-bearing interest under an oil and gas lease that gives the holder the right to develop and produce the minerals under the lease. 
 5 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 The following summarizes the principal factors that make an investment in Ranger Oil speculative or risky, all of which are more fully described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors below. This summary should be read in connection with the Risk Factors section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. 
 The following factors could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Risks Related to the Baytex Merger 
 The uncertainty of the precise value of the merger consideration because the exchange ratio is fixed and dependent on the market price of Baytex common shares, which may fluctuate 
 Risk that the Baytex Merger (as defined below) may not be completed or may be terminated 
 Adverse impacts associated with reduced ownership and voting interest in Baytex after the Baytex Merger 
 Provisions in the Baytex Merger Agreement that may limit our ability to pursue alternatives to the Baytex Merger and may discourage a potential acquiror of us from making a favorable alternative transaction proposal 
 Risks associated with the failure to complete the Baytex Merger 
 Business uncertainties while the Baytex Merger is pending 
 Different rights associated with the Baytex common shares from our Class A common stock 
 Change in control or other provisions in certain agreements that may be triggered by the Baytex Merger 
 The incurrence of significant transaction and merger-related costs 
 Risks associated with possible securities class action or derivative lawsuits 
 Risks Associated with our General Business 
 Prices for crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, which are dependent on many factors that are beyond our control 
 Risks associated with drilling and operations activities, which are high-risk activities with many uncertainties and may not result in commercially productive reserves 
 Risks associated with multi-well pad drilling and project development, which may result in volatility in our operating results 
 Adverse impacts associated with a high concentration of activity and tighter drilling spacing 
 Our ability to adhere to our proposed drilling schedule 
 Our dependence on gathering, processing, refining and transportation facilities owned by others 
 The unavailability, high cost or shortage of drilling rigs, frac crews, equipment, raw materials, supplies, oilfield services or personnel, which may restrict our operations 
 Our ability to find or acquire additional oil and gas reserves that are economically recoverable 
 Our ability to attract and retain key members of management, qualified Board members and other key personnel 
 The continued direct and indirect effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows, which will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted 
 Our ability to establish production on the acreage of certain of our undeveloped leasehold assets that are subject to leases that will expire over the next several years unless production is developed 
 Actions we or other operators may take when drilling, completing, or operating wells that they own that may adversely affect certain of our wells 
 Our exposure to the credit risk of our customers 
 Our participation in oil and gas leases with third parties, who may not be able to fulfill their commitments to our projects 
 The accuracy of our estimates of oil and gas reserves and future net cash flows, which are not precise, and undeveloped reserves, which may not ultimately be converted into proved producing reserves 
 6 

The incurrence of impairments on our oil and gas properties 
 Our ability to obtain sufficient capital 
 Risks associated with property and business acquisitions 
 Losses resulting from title deficiencies 
 Difficulties associated with being a small company competing in a larger market 
 Our lack of diversification and risks associated with operating primarily in one major contiguous area 
 Operating risks, including risks associated with hydraulic fracturing 
 Financial and Related Risks 
 Our substantial indebtedness 
 A reduction in our borrowing base 
 Restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility and the indenture governing our 9.25 Senior Notes due 2026 (the Indenture ), which could limit our financial flexibility 
 Derivative transactions, which may limit our potential gains and involve other risks 
 Investor sentiment towards the oil and gas industry, which could adversely affect our ability to raise equity and debt capital 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Various laws and regulations that could adversely affect the cost, manner or feasibility of doing business, including climate change legislation, laws and regulations restricting emissions of greenhouse gases or prohibiting, restricting, or delaying oil and gas development on public lands, and federal state and local legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing 
 Our ability to access water to drill and conduct hydraulic fracturing and difficulties associated with disposing of produced water gathered from drilling and production activities 
 Our commitments and disclosures related to environmental and social matters expose us to numerous risks 
 Risks associated with legal proceedings 
 Tax-Related Risks 
 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income, which may be subject to certain limitations 
 The continued availability of certain federal income tax deductions with respect to oil and gas exploration and development 
 Technology-Related Risks 
 Our ability to keep pace with technological developments in our industry 
 Risks relating to cybersecurity incidents 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 Risks associated with Juniper s control of the Company, including potential conflicts between Juniper s interests and the interests of the Company and its stockholders 
 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws that may make it difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our Board and may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that some stockholders may consider beneficial 
 The volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock 
 The actions of so-called activist shareholders, which could impact the trading value of our securities 
 Future sales or other dilution of our equity, which may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock 
 Our ability to pay dividends on shares of our Class A common stock is uncertain and could be limited 
 
 7 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references to the Company, Ranger Oil, we, us or our in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Ranger Oil Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
 Description of Business 
 We are an independent oil and gas company engaged in the onshore development and production of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas. Our current operations consist of drilling unconventional horizontal development wells and operating our producing wells in the Eagle Ford Shale (the Eagle Ford in South Texas. 
 Juniper Capital Advisors, L.P. Juniper Capital ), through its affiliates, JSTX Holdings, LLC JSTX and Rocky Creek Resources, LLC Rocky Creek and together with JSTX and Juniper Capital, Juniper beneficially owned as of March 3, 2023 an approximate 54 equity interest in the Company through its ownership of 22,548,998 shares of our Class B common stock, par value of 0.01 per share Class B Common Stock and 22,548,998 common units in our Up-C partnership subsidiary (the Common Units ). See Note 2 and Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on 10-K for further information. 
 On February 27, 2023, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Baytex pursuant to which, among other things, the Company will merge with and into a wholly owned subsidiary of Baytex with the Company surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Baytex (the Baytex Merger ). Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each share of our Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Baytex Merger (including shares of our Class A Common Stock to be issued in connection with the exchange of the Class B Common Stock and Common Units for Class A Common Stock), will be converted automatically into the right to receive: (i) 7.49 Baytex common shares and (ii) 13.31 in cash. The transaction was unanimously approved by the board of directors of each company and JSTX and Rocky Creek delivered a support agreement to vote their outstanding shares in favor of the Baytex Merger. The Baytex Merger is expected to close late in the second quarter of 2023, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the requisite shareholder and regulatory approvals. 
 Current Operations 
 We lease a highly contiguous position of approximately 187,700 gross (163,800 net) acres as of March 3, 2023 in the core liquids-rich area or volatile oil window of the Eagle Ford in South Texas, which we believe contains a substantial number of drilling locations that will support a multi-year drilling inventory. 
 In 2022, our total sales volume was comprised of 72 crude oil, 15 NGLs and 13 natural gas. Crude oil accounted for 88 of our product revenues. We generally sell our crude oil, NGL and natural gas products using short-term floating price physical and spot market contracts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total proved reserves were approximately 254.5 MMboe, of which 42 were proved developed reserves and 67 were crude oil. As of December 31, 2022, we had 976 gross (857.2 net) productive wells, approximately 97 of which we operate, and leased approximately 188,900 gross (162,100 net) acres of leasehold and royalty interests, approximately 34 of which were undeveloped. Approximately 96 of our total acreage was HBP as of December 31, 2022 and included a substantial number of undrilled locations. During 2022, we completed and turned to sales 59 gross (49.9 net) wells. For additional information regarding our production, reserves, drilling activities, wells and acreage, see Part I, Item 2, Properties. 
 Key Contractual Arrangements 
 In the ordinary course of operating our business, we enter into a number of key contracts for services that are critical with respect to our ability to develop, produce, store and bring our production to market. The following is a summary of our most significant contractual arrangements. 
 Drilling and Completion. From time to time we enter into drilling, completion and materials contracts in the ordinary course of business to ensure availability of rigs, frac crews and materials to satisfy our development program. As of December 31, 2022, we had contracts for three drilling rigs with remaining terms of less than two years. 
 
 8 

Crude oil gathering and transportation service contracts . We have long-term agreements that provide us with field gathering and intermediate pipeline transportation services for a majority of our crude oil and condensate production in Lavaca and Gonzales Counties, Texas. We also have volume capacity support for certain downstream intrastate pipeline transportation. The following table provides details on these contractual arrangements as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Description of contractual arrangement Expiration of Contractual Arrangement Minimum Gross Volume Delivery (bbl/d) Expiration of Minimum Volume Commitment Field gathering agreement February 2041 8,000 February 2031 Intermediate pipeline transportation services February 2026 8,000 February 2026 Volume capacity support April 2026 8,000 April 2026 
 Each of these arrangements also contain an obligation to deliver the first 20,000 gross barrels of oil per day produced from Gonzales, Lavaca and Fayette Counties, Texas. For certain of our crude oil volumes gathered under the field gathering agreement, our rate includes an adjustment based on NYMEX WTI prices. As crude oil prices increase, up to a cap of 90 per bbl, the gathering rate escalates pursuant to the field gathering agreement. 
 Crude oil storage . As of December 31, 2022, we had access to up to approximately 180,000 barrels of crude oil storage as a component of the crude oil gathering agreement referenced above. In addition, we have access for an additional 70,000 barrels at the service provider s central delivery point facility, or CDP, in Lavaca County, Texas, on a month-to-month basis, which can be terminated by either party with 45 days notice to the counterparty. For additional information relating to crude oil storage see Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Crude terminal dedication. We have a long-term dedication of certain specific leases to a crude purchase and throughput terminal agreement through 2032. Under the agreement, we may transfer dedicated oil for delivery to a Gulf coast terminal in Point Comfort, Texas or to alternate locations to third parties and in any case, we pay a terminal fee. 
 Natural gas service contracts . We have agreements that provide us with field gathering, compression and short-haul transportation services for our natural gas production and gas lift for our hydrocarbon production under various terms through 2039. 
 Natural gas processing contracts . We also have agreements that provide us with services to process our wet gas production into NGL products and dry, or residue, gas. Several agreements covering the majority of our wet gas production extend beyond three years, including one agreement that extends into 2029. 
 Major Customers 
 We sell a significant portion of our oil and gas production to a relatively small number of customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 43 of our consolidated product revenues were attributable to two customers, each of whom accounted for at least 10 . For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, approximately 48 and 56 , respectively, of our consolidated product revenues were attributable to three customers, each of whom accounted for at least 10 . There were no other customers that individually accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated product revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Seasonality 
 Our sales volumes of crude oil and natural gas are dependent upon the number of producing wells and, therefore, are not seasonal by nature. We do not believe that the pricing of our crude oil and NGL production is subject to any meaningful seasonal effects. Historically, the pricing of natural gas is seasonal, typically with higher pricing in the winter months. 
 
 9 

Competition 
 The oil and gas industry is very competitive, and we compete with a substantial number of other companies, many of which are large, well-established and have greater financial and operational resources than we do. Some of our competitors not only engage in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil and gas reserves, but also carry on refining operations, electricity generation and the marketing of refined products. In addition, the oil and gas industry in general competes with other industries supplying energy and fuel to industrial, commercial and individual consumers. Competition is particularly intense in the acquisition of prospective oil and gas properties. We may incur higher costs or be unable to acquire and develop desirable properties at costs we consider reasonable because of this competition. We also compete with other oil and gas companies to secure drilling rigs, frac fleets, sand and other equipment and materials necessary for the drilling and completion of wells and in the recruiting and retaining of qualified personnel. Such materials, equipment and labor may be in short supply from time to time. Shortages of equipment, labor or materials may result in increased costs or the inability to obtain such resources as needed. Many of our larger competitors may have a competitive advantage when responding to commodity price volatility and overall industry cycles. 
 Government Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern oil and gas operations, regulate the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relate to the protection of the environment. These laws, rules and regulations may, among other things: 
 require the acquisition of various permits before drilling commences; 
 require notice to stakeholders of proposed and ongoing operations; 
 require the installation of expensive pollution control equipment; 
 restrict the types, quantities and concentration of various substances that can be released into the environment in connection with oil and gas drilling and production and saltwater disposal activities; 
 limit or prohibit drilling activities on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands and other protected areas, or otherwise restrict or prohibit activities that could impact the environment, including water resources; and 
 require remedial measures to mitigate pollution from former and ongoing operations, such as requirements to close pits and plug abandoned wells. 
 Numerous governmental departments issue rules and regulations to implement and enforce such laws that are often difficult and costly to comply with and which carry substantial administrative, civil and even criminal penalties, as well as the issuance of injunctions limiting or prohibiting our activities for failure to comply. Violations and liabilities with respect to these laws and regulations could also result in remedial clean-ups, natural resource damages, permit modifications or revocations, operational interruptions or shutdowns and other liabilities. The costs of remedying such conditions may be significant, and remediation obligations could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In certain instances, citizens or citizen groups also have the ability to bring legal proceedings against us if we are not in compliance with environmental laws or to challenge our ability to receive environmental permits that we need to operate. Some laws, rules and regulations relating to protection of the environment may, in certain circumstances, impose strict liability for environmental contamination, rendering a person liable for environmental and natural resource damages and cleanup costs without regard to negligence or fault on the part of such person. Other laws, rules and regulations may restrict the rate of oil and gas production below the rate that would otherwise exist or even prohibit exploration or production activities in sensitive areas. In addition, state laws often require some form of remedial action to prevent pollution from former operations, such as plugging of abandoned wells. The regulatory burden on the oil and gas industry increases its cost of doing business and consequently affects its profitability. These laws, rules and regulations affect our operations, as well as the oil and gas exploration and production industry in general. As of December 31, 2022, we had 8.8 million of asset retirement obligations. 
 We believe that we are in substantial compliance with current applicable environmental laws, rules and regulations and that continued compliance with existing requirements will not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Nevertheless, changes in existing environmental laws or regulations or the adoption of new environmental laws or regulations, including any significant limitation on the use of hydraulic fracturing or the ability to conduct oil and gas development could have the potential to adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Federal, state or local administrative decisions, developments in the federal or state court systems or other governmental or judicial actions may influence the interpretation or enforcement of environmental laws and regulations and may thereby increase compliance costs. Environmental regulations have historically become more stringent over time, and thus, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future expenditures for environmental compliance or remediation. 
 
 10 

The following is a summary of the significant environmental laws to which our business operations are subject: 
 CERCLA . The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, or CERCLA, is also known as the Superfund law. CERCLA and comparable state laws impose liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on parties that are considered to have contributed to the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These persons include the current or former owner or operator of the site where the release occurred and anyone who disposed or arranged for the disposal of a hazardous substance released at the site. Such responsible parties may be subject to joint and several liability under CERCLA for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment and for damages to natural resources. It is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment. We currently own or lease properties that have been used for the exploration and production of oil and gas for a number of years. Many of these properties have been operated by third parties whose treatment or release of hydrocarbons or other wastes was not under our control. These properties, and any wastes that may have been released on them, may be subject to CERCLA, and we could potentially be required to investigate and remediate such properties, including soil or groundwater contamination by prior owners or operators, or to perform remedial plugging or pit closure operations to prevent future contamination. States also have environmental cleanup laws analogous to CERCLA, including Texas. 
 RCRA . The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, or RCRA, and comparable state statutes regulate the generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal and cleanup of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes. Under the auspices of the EPA, the individual states administer some or all of the provisions of RCRA. While there is currently an exclusion from RCRA for drilling fluids, produced waters and most of the other wastes associated with the exploration and production of oil or gas, it is possible that some of these wastes could be classified as hazardous waste in the future and therefore be subject to more stringent regulation under RCRA. Also, in the course of our operations, we generate some amounts of ordinary industrial wastes that may be regulated as hazardous wastes if such wastes have hazardous characteristics. 
 Oil Pollution Act . The Oil Pollution Act of 1990, or the OPA, contains numerous restrictions relating to the prevention of and response to oil spills into waters of the United States U.S. ). The term waters of the United States has been interpreted broadly to include inland water bodies, including wetlands and intermittent streams. The OPA imposes certain duties and liabilities on certain responsible parties related to the prevention of oil spills and damages resulting from such spills in or threatening waters of the U.S. or adjoining shorelines. For example, operators of certain oil and gas facilities must develop, implement and maintain facility response plans, conduct annual spill training for certain employees and provide varying degrees of financial assurance. Owners or operators of a facility, vessel or pipeline that is a source of an oil discharge or that poses the substantial threat of discharge is one type of responsible party who is liable. The OPA subjects owners of facilities to strict, joint and several liability for all containment and cleanup costs, and certain other damages arising from a spill. As such, a violation of the OPA has the potential to adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Clean Water Act . The Federal Water Pollution Control Act, or the Clean Water Act, and comparable state laws impose restrictions and strict controls with respect to the discharge of pollutants, including spills and leaks of oil and other substances, into regulated waters, such as waters of the U.S. The discharge of pollutants, including dredge or fill materials in regulated wetlands, into regulated waters or wetlands without a permit issued by the EPA, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, or the Corps, or the state is prohibited. The Clean Water Act has been interpreted by these agencies to apply broadly. The EPA and the Corps released a rule to revise the definition of waters of the United States, or WOTUS, for all Clean Water Act programs, which went into effect in August 2015. However, the EPA rescinded this rule in 2019 and promulgated the Navigable Waters Protection Rule in 2020. The Navigable Waters Protection Rule defined what waters qualify as navigable waters of the U.S. and are under Clean Water Act jurisdiction. This new rule has generally been viewed as narrowing the scope of waters of the U.S. as compared to the 2015 rule, but litigation in multiple federal district courts is currently challenging the rescission of the 2015 rule and the promulgation of the Navigable Waters Protection Rule. In June 2021, the Biden Administration announced plans to develop its own definition for jurisdictional waters. On December 7, 2021, the Biden Administration announced a proposed rule to revise the definition of waters of the United States. On January 24, 2022, the Supreme Court agreed to consider the scope of the Clean Water Act again in a new appeal, Sackett v. EPA. 
 The Clean Water Act also requires the preparation and implementation of Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasure Plans in connection with on-site storage of significant quantities of oil. In 2016, the EPA finalized new wastewater pretreatment standards that would prohibit onshore unconventional oil and gas extraction facilities from sending wastewater to publicly-owned treatment works. This restriction of disposal options for hydraulic fracturing waste may result in increased costs. In addition, the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws require individual permits or coverage under general permits for discharges of storm water runoff from certain types of facilities. Federal and state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil and criminal penalties for non-compliance with discharge permits or other requirements of the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws and regulations. 
 
 11 

Safe Drinking Water Act . The Safe Drinking Water Act, or the SDWA, and the Underground Injection Control Program promulgated under the SDWA, establish the requirements for salt water disposal well activities and prohibit the migration of fluid-containing contaminants into underground sources of drinking water. The Underground Injection Control Program requires that we obtain permits from the EPA or delegated state agencies for our disposal wells, establishes minimum standards for injection well operations, restricts the types and quantities of fluids that may be injected and prohibits the migration of fluid containing any contaminants into underground sources of drinking water. Any leakage from the subsurface portions of the injection wells may cause degradation of freshwater, potentially resulting in cancellation of operations of a well, imposition of fines and penalties from governmental agencies, incurrence of expenditures for remediation of affected resources, and imposition of liability by landowners or other parties claiming damages for alternative water supplies, property damages, and personal injuries. In addition, in some instances, the operation of underground injection wells has been alleged to cause earthquakes (induced seismicity) as a result of flawed well design or operation. This has resulted in stricter regulatory requirements in some jurisdictions relating to the location and operation of underground injection wells, and regulators in some states are seeking to impose additional requirements, including requirements regarding the permitting of produced water disposal wells or otherwise, to assess the relationship between seismicity and the use of such wells. For example, in October 2014, the Texas Railroad Commission, or TRC, adopted disposal well rule amendments designed, among other things, to require applicants for new disposal wells that will receive non-hazardous produced water or other oil and gas waste to conduct seismic activity searches utilizing the U.S. Geological Survey. The searches are intended to determine the potential for earthquakes within a circular area of 100 square miles around a proposed new disposal well. If the permittee or an applicant of a disposal well permit fails to demonstrate that the produced water or other fluids are confined to the disposal zone or if scientific data indicates such a disposal well is likely to be, or determined to be, contributing to seismic activity, then TRC may deny, modify, suspend or terminate the permit application or existing operating permit for that disposal well. TRC has used this authority to deny permits for waste disposal wells. The TRC has created Seismic Response Areas SRAs with action plans to address seismic activity, including the Gardendale SRA in September 2021, the North Culberson-Reeves SRA in October 2021 and the Stanton SRA in January 2022. The potential adoption of federal, state and local legislation and regulations intended to address induced seismic activity in the areas in which we operate could restrict our drilling and production activities, as well as our ability to dispose of produced water gathered from such activities, which could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays. 
 We engage third parties to provide hydraulic fracturing or other well stimulation services to us in connection with the wells in which we act as operator. Hydraulic fracturing is an important and commonly used process in the completion of oil and gas wells, particularly in unconventional plays like the Eagle Ford formation, and is generally exempted from federal regulation as underground injection (unless diesel is a component of the fracturing fluid) under the SDWA. In addition, separate and apart from the referenced potential connection between injection wells and seismicity, concerns have been raised that hydraulic fracturing activities may be correlated to induced seismicity. The EPA also released the results of its comprehensive research study to investigate the potential adverse impacts of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water and ground water in December 2016, finding that hydraulic fracturing activities can impact drinking water resources under some circumstances, including large volume spills and inadequate mechanical integrity of wells. These developments could establish an additional level of regulation, including a removal of the exemption for hydraulic fracturing from the SDWA, and permitting of hydraulic fracturing operations at the federal level, which could lead to operational delays, increased operating and compliance costs and additional regulatory burdens that could make it more difficult or commercially impracticable for us to perform hydraulic fracturing. Such costs and burdens could delay the development of unconventional gas resources from shale formations, which are not commercially feasible without the use of hydraulic fracturing. 
 Chemical Disclosures Related to Hydraulic Fracturing . Texas has implemented chemical disclosure requirements for hydraulic fracturing operations. We currently disclose hydraulic fracturing additives we use on www.FracFocus.org, a website created by the Ground Water Protection Council and Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission. 
 Prohibitions and Other Regulatory Limitations on Hydraulic Fracturing . There have been a variety of regulatory initiatives at the state level to restrict oil and gas drilling operations in certain locations. 
 In addition to chemical disclosure rules, some states have implemented permitting, well construction or water withdrawal regulations that may increase the costs of hydraulic fracturing operations. For example, Texas has water withdrawal restrictions allowing suspension of withdrawal rights in times of shortages while other states require reporting on the amount of water used and its source. 
 
 12 

On the federal level, in 2016, the U.S. Bureau of Land Management, or BLM, under the Obama Administration published a final rule imposing more stringent standards on hydraulic fracturing activities on federal lands, including requirements for chemical disclosure, well bore integrity, and handling of flowback water. However, in late 2018, the BLM under the Trump Administration published a final rule rescinding the 2016 final rule. While the 2016 rule has been rescinded, new or more stringent regulations may be promulgated by the Biden Administration. In January 2021, President Biden announced a moratorium on new oil and gas leasing on federal lands and offshore waters pending completion of a comprehensive review and reconsideration of Federal oil and gas permitting and leasing practices. In August 2022, a federal district judge in Louisiana permanently enjoined the moratorium in the 13 states that filed a lawsuit against the action. 
 Increased regulation of and attention given by environmental interest groups, as well as state and federal regulatory authorities, to the hydraulic fracturing process could lead to greater opposition to oil and gas production activities using hydraulic fracturing techniques. Additional legislation or regulation could also lead to operational delays or increased operating costs in the production of oil and gas, including from the developing shale plays, or could make it more difficult to perform hydraulic fracturing. These developments could also lead to litigation challenging proposed or existing wells. The adoption of federal, state or local laws or the implementation of regulations regarding hydraulic fracturing that are more stringent could cause a decrease in the completion of new oil and gas wells, as well as increased compliance costs and time, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We use hydraulic fracturing extensively and any increased federal, state, or local regulation of hydraulic fracturing could reduce the volumes of oil and gas that we can economically recover. 
 Clean Air Act . Our operations are subject to the Clean Air Act, or the CAA, and comparable state and local requirements. In 1990, the U.S. Congress adopted amendments to the CAA containing provisions that have resulted in the gradual imposition of certain pollution control requirements with respect to air emissions from our operations. The EPA and states have developed, and continue to develop, regulations to implement these requirements. We may be required to incur certain capital expenditures in the next several years for air pollution control equipment in connection with maintaining or obtaining operating permits and approvals addressing other air emission-related issues. Further, stricter requirements could negatively impact our production and operations. Federal and state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil and criminal penalties for non-compliance with air permits or other requirements of the CAA and associated state laws and regulations. In addition, the EPA has developed, and continues to develop, stringent regulations governing emissions of toxic air pollutants at specified sources. 
 On April 17, 2012, for example, the EPA issued final rules to subject oil and gas operations to regulation under the New Source Performance Standards, or NSPS, and National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants, or NESHAPS, programs under the CAA, and to impose new and amended requirements under both programs. The EPA rules include NSPS standards for completions of hydraulically fractured natural gas wells, compressors, controllers, dehydrators, storage tanks, natural gas processing plants and certain other equipment. Further, in May 2016, the EPA issued final NSPS governing methane emissions from the oil and gas industry as well as source determination standards for determining when oil and gas sources should be aggregated for CAA permitting and compliance purposes. However, in August 2020 the EPA rescinded methane and volatile organic compound emissions standards for new and modified oil and gas transmission and storage infrastructure, as well as methane limits for new and modified oil and gas production and processing equipment. The EPA also relaxed requirements for oil and gas operators to monitor emissions leaks. In June 2021, President Biden signed into law a joint resolution of Congress repealing the 2020 Rule and reinstated the 2016 Rule. In November 2021, the EPA proposed new NSPS updates and emission guidelines to reduce methane and other pollutants from the oil and gas industry, and, in December 2022 the EPS issued a supplemental proposal to expand the standards and further reduce methane and other pollutants. 
 BLM finalized its own rules in November 2016 that limit methane emissions from new and existing oil and gas operations on federal lands through limitations on the venting and flaring of gas, as well as enhanced leak detection and repair requirements. BLM subsequently announced a revised rule which would scale back the waste-prevention requirements of the 2016 rule, but this revised rule was vacated by a California federal district court in 2020, a decision which BLM has appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. However, separately, the federal district court of Wyoming vacated the original 2016 rule in October 2020, a decision which BLM has appealed to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. In November 2022, the BLM proposed a new iteration of the regulations. The public comment period on the proposed rule ended on January 30, 2023. These rules have required changes to our operations, including the installation of new equipment to control emissions. These rules may result in an increase to our operating costs and change to our operations. As a result of this continued regulatory focus, future federal and state regulations of the oil and gas industry remain a possibility and could result in increased compliance costs on our operations. 
 
 13 

In November 2015, the EPA revised the existing National Ambient Air Quality Standards for ground level ozone to make the standard more stringent. The EPA finished promulgating final area designations under the new standard in 2018, which, to the extent areas in which we operate have been classified as non-attainment, may result in an increase in costs for emission controls and requirements for additional monitoring and testing, as well as a more cumbersome permitting process. Generally, it will take the states several years to develop compliance plans for their non-attainment areas. While we are not able to determine the extent to which this new standard will impact our business at this time, it has the potential to have a material impact on our operations and cost structure. 
 In June 2016, the EPA finalized a rule aggregating individual wells and other facilities and their collective emissions for purposes of determining whether major source permitting requirements apply under the CAA. These changes may introduce uncertainty into the permitting process and could require more lengthy and costly permitting processes and more expensive emission controls. 
 Collectively, these rules and proposed rules, as well as any future laws and their implementing regulations, may require a number of modifications to our operations. We may, for example, be required to install new equipment to control emissions from our well sites or compressors at initial startup or by the applicable compliance deadline. We may also be required to obtain pre-approval for the expansion or modification of existing facilities or the construction of new facilities. Compliance with such rules could result in significant costs, including increased capital expenditures and operating costs, and could adversely impact our business. 
 Greenhouse Gas Emissions . In response to findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases GHGs ), present an endangerment to public health and the environment, the EPA has issued regulations to restrict emissions of GHGs under existing provisions of the CAA. These regulations include limits on tailpipe emissions from motor vehicles and preconstruction and operating permit requirements for certain large stationary sources. 
 Both in the U.S. and worldwide, there is increasing attention being paid to the issue of climate change and the contributing effect of GHG emissions. Most recently in April 2016, the U.S. signed the Paris Agreement, which requires countries to review and represent a progression in their intended nationally determined contributions, which set GHG emission reduction goals, every five years beginning in 2020. In 2020, the Trump Administration withdrew the U.S. from the Paris Agreement, but under the direction of President Biden, the U.S. rejoined the Paris Agreement in February 2021. Under the Paris Agreement, the Biden Administration has committed the U.S. to reducing its GHG emissions by 50 to 52 from 2005 levels by 2030. In November 2021, the U.S. and other countries entered into the Glasgow Climate Pact, which includes a range of measures designed to address climate change, including but not limited to the phase-out of fossil fuel subsidies, reducing methane emissions 30 by 2030, and cooperating toward the advancement of the development of clean energy. 
 Domestically, in August 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act, which contains tax inducements and other provisions that incentivize investment, development, and deployment of alternative energy sources and technologies, which could increase operating costs within the oil and gas industry and accelerate the transition away from fossil fuels. 
 In August 2015, the EPA issued new regulations limiting carbon dioxide emissions from existing power generation facilities. Under this rule, nationwide carbon dioxide emissions would be reduced by approximately 30 from 2005 levels by 2030 with a flexible interim goal. Several industry groups and states challenged the rule. On February 9, 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court stayed the implementation of this rule pending judicial review. In August 2019, the EPA finalized the repeal of the 2015 regulations and replaced them with the Affordable Clean Energy rule, or ACE, that designates heat rate improvement, or efficiency improvement, as the best system of emissions reduction for carbon dioxide from existing coal-fired electric utility generating units. In 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia struck down the ACE rule, but did not reinstate the former Clean Power Plan, or CPP, regulation. In June 2022, the Supreme Court struck down the CPP, holding that Congress did not grant EPA the authority to devise emissions caps based on the generation-shifting approach the EPA took in the CPP. 
 The EPA has issued the Final Mandatory Reporting of Greenhouse Gases Rule and a series of revisions to it, which requires operators of oil and gas production, natural gas processing, transmission, distribution and storage facilities and other stationary sources emitting more than established annual thresholds of carbon dioxide-equivalent GHGs to inventory and report their GHG emissions occurring in the prior calendar year on a facility-by-facility basis. These rules do not require control of GHGs. However, the EPA has indicated that it will use data collected through the reporting rules to decide whether to promulgate future GHG limits. 
 In certain circumstances, large sources of GHG emissions are subject to preconstruction permitting under the EPA s Prevention of Significant Deterioration program. This program historically has had minimal applicability to the oil and gas production industry. However, there can be no assurance that our operations will avoid applicability of these or similar permitting requirements, which impose costs relating to emissions control systems and the efforts needed to obtain the permit. 
 14 

Additional GHG regulations potentially affecting our industry include those described above under the subheading Clean Air Act which relate to methane. Future federal GHG regulations of the oil and gas industry remain a possibility. Also, many states and regions have adopted GHG initiatives and certain governmental bodies have or are considering the imposition of fees or taxes based on the emission of GHGs by certain facilities. Many states have established GHG cap and trade programs. Most of these cap and trade programs work by requiring major sources of emissions, such as electric power plants, or major producers of fuels, such as refineries and natural gas processing plants, to acquire and surrender emission allowances. While it is not possible to predict how any regulations to restrict GHG emissions may come into force, these and other legislative and regulatory proposals for restricting GHG emissions or otherwise addressing climate change could require us to incur additional operating costs or curtail oil and gas operations in certain areas and could also adversely affect demand for the oil and gas we sell. 
 President Biden and the Democrat Party have identified climate change as a priority, and it is likely that new executive orders, regulatory action, and/or legislation targeting GHG emissions, or prohibiting, delaying or restricting oil and gas development activities in certain areas, will be proposed and/or promulgated during the Biden Administration. For example, the acting Secretary of the Department of the Interior recently issued an order preventing staff from producing any new fossil fuel leases or permits without sign-off from a top political appointee, and President Biden recently announced a moratorium on new oil and gas leasing on federal lands and offshore waters pending completion of a comprehensive review and reconsideration of federal oil and gas permitting and leasing practices. President Biden s order also established climate change as a primary foreign policy and national security consideration, affirms that achieving net-zero GHG emissions by or before mid-century is a critical priority, affirms President Biden s desire to establish the U.S. as a leader in addressing climate change, generally further integrates climate change and environmental justice considerations into government agencies decision making, and eliminates fossil fuel subsidies, among other measures. 
 Finally, some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events; if any such effects were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 OSHA . We are subject to the requirements of the Occupational Safety and Health Act, or OSHA, and comparable state laws that regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. In addition, the OSHA hazard communication standard requires maintenance of information about hazardous materials used or produced in operations, and the provision of such information to employees, state and local government authorities and citizens. Other OSHA standards regulate specific worker safety aspects of our operations. 
 Endangered Species Act . The Endangered Species Act restricts activities that may affect endangered species or their habitats. While some of our facilities are in areas that may be designated as a habitat for endangered species, we believe that we are in substantial compliance with the Endangered Species Act. The presence of any protected species or the final designation of previously unprotected species as threatened or endangered in areas where we operate could result in increased costs from species protection measures or could result in limitations, delays, or prohibitions on our exploration and production activities that could have an adverse effect on our ability to develop and produce our reserves. Similar protections are given to bald and golden eagles under the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act and to migratory birds under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, and similar protections may be available to certain species protected under state laws. 
 National Environmental Policy Act . Oil and gas exploration and production activities on federal lands are subject to the National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA. NEPA requires federal agencies, including the U.S. Department of Interior, to evaluate major agency actions having the potential to significantly impact the environment. In the course of such evaluations, an agency will prepare an environmental assessment of the potential direct, indirect and cumulative impacts of a proposed project and, if necessary, will prepare a more detailed environmental impact statement that may be made available for public review and comment. This process has the potential to delay or even halt development of some of our oil and gas projects. For example, on January 27, 2022, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia found that the Bureau of Ocean Management s failure to calculate the potential emissions from foreign oil consumption violated the agency s approval of oil and gas leases in the Gulf of Mexico under the NEPA. This decision may disrupt or delay drilling operations if the agency is forced to reassess the environmental impacts of the Gulf of Mexico drilling program. 
 Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act. On November 15, 2021, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration promulgated a rule expanding the scope of the Federal Pipeline Safety Regulations to include all onshore gas gathering pipelines. For the first time, gas lines transporting natural gas from production facilities to interstate gas transmission lines will be subject to federal pipeline regulations and operators will be required to report safety information for all gas gathering lines. The rules became effective in May 2022. Compliance with such rules could result in significant costs, including increased capital expenditures and operating costs, and could adversely impact our business. 
 
 15 

Human Capital 
 At Ranger Oil, our employees are integral to the Company s success. Ranger Oil s key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop talent to deliver on our strategy. As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 136 employees, including 75 office-based employees and 61 field employees. All of these employees were full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We focus on the following areas in supporting our human capital: 
 Diversity and Inclusion. We recognize that a diverse workforce provides the best opportunity to obtain unique perspectives, experiences and ideas to help our business succeed, and we are committed to providing a diverse and inclusive workplace to attract and retain talented employees. We seek to promote a work culture that treats all employees fairly and with respect, promotes inclusivity, and provides equal opportunities for the professional growth and advancement based on merit. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age (as defined by the law) or disability. 
 Health and Safety. Safety is a top priority at Ranger Oil. We promote safety with a robust health and safety program, which includes employee orientation and training, regular safety meetings, contractor management, risk assessments, hazard identification and mitigation, incident reporting and investigation, and corrective and preventative action development. Additionally, we have a Health, Safety and Environment Manual which includes specific field safety procedures, including responsibility to stop work on any activity deemed unsafe without the threat or fear of job reprisal. We subscribe to Safety Skills to convey relevant, applicable and timely safety training to our field operations staff. 
 Training and Development. We invest in developing our employees to help us realize opportunities for growth and contribute to advancing progress on our strategic priorities. Our ongoing efforts and initiatives are aimed at attracting, engaging, and developing employees in a thoughtful and meaningful way to support a diverse and inclusive culture. We encourage our employees to advance their knowledge and skills and to network with other professionals in order to pursue career advancement and enhance their skills. 
 Compensation and Benefits. We seek to provide fair, competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits to our employees that are designed to attract, retain and motivate employees. To align our short- and long-term objectives, our compensation programs consist of base pay, short-term incentives and long-term incentives, including restricted stock unit grants. Our wide array of benefits includes medical, dental, and vision insurance plans for employees and their families, life insurance and long-term disability plans, paid time off for holidays, vacation, sick leave, and other personal leave, and health and dependent care savings accounts. We also provide our employees with a 401(k) plan that includes a competitive company match, and employees have access to several other programs, such as a matching charitable gift program that matches employee donations to non-profit groups they support. 
 Philanthropy and Community Engagement. We also employ a local focus for our charitable giving campaigns, supporting non-profits and other organizations serving communities in and around Houston and our operating areas in Texas in addition to the company matching charitable gift program discussed above. The Company and its employees donate their time and resources to a wide range of charities, organizations, and activities. Additionally, we regularly partner with counties in which we operate to repair roads, often donating the necessary materials, as well as use local vendors to support our operations wherever possible. 
 Available Information 
 Our internet address is http://www.rangeroil.com. We make available free of charge, on or through our website, our Corporate Governance Principles, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Audit Committee Charter, Compensation and Benefits Committee Charter, Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee Charter and Reserves Committee Charter, and we will provide copies of such documents upon request. We also make available free of charge, on or through our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Current and important information about the company is accessible through our website. The information contained on, or connected to, our website is not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we furnish or file with the SEC. We intend for our website to serve as a means of public dissemination of information for purposes of Regulation FD. 
 16 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business and operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties as described below; however, the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we may currently deem immaterial, may become important factors that harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in the future. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could suffer and the trading price of our Class A Common Stock could decline. 
 Risks in this section are grouped by the following categories: (i) Risks Related to the Baytex Merger; (ii) Risks Associated with our General Business; (iii) Financial and Related Risks; (iv) Legal and Regulatory Risks; (v) Tax-Related Risks; (vi) Technology-Related Risks; and (vii) Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock. Many risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. 
 Risks Related to the Baytex Merger 
 Because the exchange ratio is fixed and because the market price of Baytex common shares may fluctuate, our stockholders cannot be certain of the precise value of any merger consideration they may receive in the Baytex Merger. 
 At the time the Baytex Merger is completed, each issued and outstanding eligible share of our Class A Common Stock will be converted into the right to receive the merger consideration of 7.49 Baytex common shares plus 13.31 in cash. The exchange ratio for the merger consideration is fixed, and there will be no adjustment to the merger consideration for changes in the market price of Baytex common shares or our Class A Common Stock prior to the completion of the Baytex Merger. If the Baytex Merger is completed, there will be a time lapse between the date of signing the Baytex Merger Agreement and the date on which our stockholders who are entitled to receive the merger consideration actually receive the merger consideration. The market value of the Baytex common shares may fluctuate during this period as a result of a variety of factors, including general market and economic conditions, changes in Baytex s businesses, operations and prospects and regulatory considerations. Such factors are difficult to predict and, in many cases, may be beyond the control of Baytex and us. The actual value of any merger consideration received by our stockholders upon the completion of the Baytex Merger will depend on the market value of the Baytex common shares at that time. This market value may differ, possibly materially, from the market value of Baytex common shares at the time the Baytex Merger Agreement was entered into or at any other time. Our stockholders should obtain current quotations for Baytex common shares and for shares of our Class A Common Stock. 
 The Baytex Merger may not be completed and the Baytex Merger Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms. 
 The Baytex Merger is subject to a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the completion of the Baytex Merger, including (i) the receipt of the required approvals from the Company s stockholders and Baytex s shareholders, (ii) the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, (iii) the absence of any governmental order or law that prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the Baytex Merger, (iv) Baytex common shares issuable in connection with the Baytex Merger having been authorized for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to official notice of issuance and (v) Baytex s registration statement on Form F-4 having been declared effective by the SEC under the Securities Act. The obligation of each party to consummate the Baytex Merger is also conditioned upon the other party s representations and warranties being true and correct (subject to certain materiality exceptions) and the other party having performed in all material respects its obligations under the Baytex Merger Agreement. 
 Moreover, if the Baytex Merger is not completed by October 15, 2023, either Baytex or the Company may choose not to proceed with the Baytex Merger, and the parties can mutually decide to terminate the Baytex Merger Agreement at any time, before or after stockholder approval. In addition, Baytex and the Company may elect to terminate the Baytex Merger Agreement in certain other circumstances as further detailed in the Baytex Merger Agreement. 
 
 17 

Current stockholders of the Company will have a reduced ownership and voting interest in Baytex after the Baytex Merger compared to their current ownership in the Company on a standalone basis and will exercise less influence over management. 
 Currently, our stockholders have the right to vote in the election of the Company s board of directors and on other matters requiring stockholder approval under Virginia law and the Company s articles of incorporation and bylaws. As a result of the Baytex Merger, our current stockholders will own a smaller percentage of Baytex than they currently own of the Company, and as a result will have less influence on the management and policies of Baytex after the Baytex Merger than they now have on the management and policies of the Company. 
 The Baytex Merger Agreement contains provisions that limit our ability to pursue alternatives to the Baytex Merger, could discourage a potential competing acquiror of us from making a favorable alternative transaction proposal and, in specified circumstances, could require us to pay Baytex a termination fee of 60 million. 
 The Baytex Merger Agreement contains a general prohibition on us and Baytex from soliciting or, subject to certain exceptions relating to the exercise of fiduciary duties by our boards of directors, entering into discussions with any third party regarding any competing proposal or offer for a competing transaction. Further, even if our Board withholds, withdraws, qualifies or modifies its recommendation with respect to the Baytex Merger Agreement proposal, unless the Baytex Merger Agreement has been terminated in accordance with its terms, we will still be required to submit the Baytex Merger Agreement proposal to a vote at our special meeting. In addition, each party generally has an opportunity to offer to modify the terms of Merger in response to any third-party alternative transaction proposal before a party s board of directors may withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify its recommendation with respect to the Baytex Merger Agreement proposal or the share issuance proposal, as applicable. In some circumstances, upon termination of the Baytex Merger Agreement, we will be required to pay a termination fee of 60 million to Baytex. 
 These provisions could discourage a potential third-party acquiror or merger partner that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant portion of us or pursuing an alternative transaction with us either from considering or proposing such a transaction, even if a third-party acquiror were prepared to pay consideration with a higher per share price than the per share price proposed to be received in the merger or might result in a potential third-party acquiror or merger partner proposing to pay a lower price to our stockholders than it might otherwise have proposed to pay because of the added expense of the 60 million termination fee that may become payable in certain circumstances. 
 Failure to complete the Baytex Merger could negatively impact the price of shares of our Class A Common Stock, as well as our future businesses and financial results. 
 The Baytex Merger Agreement contains a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the completion of the Baytex Merger. There can be no assurance that all of the conditions to the completion of the Baytex Merger will be so satisfied or waived. If these conditions are not satisfied or waived, we will be unable to complete the Baytex Merger. 
 If the Baytex Merger is not completed for any reason, including the failure to receive the required approval of our stockholders and Baytex s shareholders, our businesses and financial results may be adversely affected, including as follows: 
 we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on the market price of our Class A Common Stock; 
 the manner in which customers, vendors, business partners and other third parties perceive the Company may be negatively impacted, which in turn could affect our marketing operations or our ability to compete for new business or obtain renewals in the marketplace more broadly; 
 we will still be required to pay certain significant costs relating to the Baytex Merger, such as legal, accounting, financial advisor and printing fees; 
 we may experience negative reactions from employees; and 
 we will have expended time and resources that could otherwise have been spent on our existing businesses and the pursuit of other opportunities that could have been beneficial to the Company, and our ongoing business and financial results may be adversely affected. 
 In addition to the above risks, if the Baytex Merger Agreement is terminated and our board seeks an alternative transaction, our stockholders cannot be certain that we will be able to find a party willing to engage in a transaction on more attractive terms than the Baytex Merger. If the Baytex Merger Agreement is terminated under specified circumstances, we may be required to pay Baytex a termination fee or reimburse Baytex for certain of its expenses. 
 
 18 

We will be subject to business uncertainties while the Baytex Merger is pending, which could adversely us. 
 Uncertainty about the effect of the Baytex Merger on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on the Company. These uncertainties may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the Baytex Merger is completed and for a period of time thereafter and could cause customers and others that deal with us to seek to change their existing business relationships with us. Employee retention at the Company may be particularly challenging during the pendency of the Baytex Merger, as employees may experience uncertainty about their roles with Baytex following the Baytex Merger. In addition, the Baytex Merger Agreement restricts us from entering into certain corporate transactions and taking other specified actions without the consent of Baytex, and generally requires us to continue our operations in the ordinary course, until completion of the Baytex Merger. These restrictions may prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the Baytex Merger. 
 The Baytex common shares to be received by our stockholders upon completion of the Baytex Merger will have different rights from shares of our Class A Common Stock. 
 Upon completion of the Baytex Merger, our stockholders will no longer be stockholders of the Company. Instead, former stockholders of the Company will become Baytex shareholders, accordingly their rights will be subject to and governed by the terms of the Baytex articles of incorporation and the Baytex bylaws. The laws of the province of Alberta and terms of the Baytex articles of incorporation and the Baytex bylaws are in some respects different than the laws of the state of Virginia and the terms of our articles of incorporation and our bylaws, which currently govern the rights of our stockholders. 
 Completion of the Baytex Merger may trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which we are a party. 
 The completion of the Baytex Merger may trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which we are a party. If we are unable to negotiate waivers of those provisions, the counterparties may exercise their rights and remedies under the agreements, potentially terminating the agreements, or seeking monetary damages. Even if we are able to negotiate waivers, the counterparties may require a fee for such waivers or seek to renegotiate the agreements on terms less favorable to us. 
 We will incur significant transaction and merger-related costs in connection with the Baytex Merger, which may be in excess of those anticipated by us. 
 We have incurred and expect to continue to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with negotiating and completing the Baytex Merger, combining the operations of the two companies and achieving desired synergies. These fees and costs have been, and will continue to be, substantial. The substantial majority of non-recurring expenses will consist of transaction costs related to the Baytex Merger and include, among others, employee retention costs, fees paid to financial, legal and accounting advisors, severance and benefit costs and filing fees. Certain of these costs will be borne by us even if the Baytex Merger is not completed. 
 We may be a target of securities class action and derivative lawsuits which could result in substantial costs and may delay or prevent the Baytex Merger from being completed. 
 Securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into merger agreements. Even if the lawsuits are without merit, defending against these claims can result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. An adverse judgment could result in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on our liquidity and financial condition. Additionally, if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting completion of the Baytex Merger, then that injunction may delay or prevent the Baytex Merger from being completed, which may adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operation. Currently, we are unaware of any securities class action lawsuits or derivative lawsuits having been filed in connection with the Baytex Merger. 
 
 19 

Risks Associated with our General Business 
 Prices for crude oil, NGLs and natural gas are dependent on many factors that are beyond our control and strongly affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Prices for crude oil, NGLs and natural gas are dependent on many factors that are beyond our control, including: 
 domestic and foreign supplies of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas; 
 domestic and foreign consumer demand for crude oil, NGLs and natural gas; 
 political and economic conditions in oil or gas producing regions; 
 further actions by the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other allied oil exporting nations OPEC+ with respect to production levels and oil price controls; 
 overall domestic and foreign economic conditions, including inflationary pressures, changes in interest rates or any general economic slowdowns or recessions; 
 prices and availability of, and demand for, alternative fuels; 
 the effect of energy conservation efforts, alternative fuel requirements and climate change-related initiatives; 
 shareholder activism or activities by non-governmental organizations to restrict the exploration, development and production of oil, natural gas and NGLs so as to minimize emissions of carbon dioxide and methane GHGs; 
 volatility and trading patterns in the commodity-futures markets; 
 technological advances or social attitudes and policies affecting energy consumption and energy supply; 
 political and economic events that directly or indirectly impact the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar, on which crude oil prices are benchmarked globally, against foreign currencies; 
 changes in trade relations and policies, including the imposition of tariffs by the U.S. or China or sanctions or other trade consequences related to the Russia-Ukraine war; 
 risks related to the concentration of our operations in the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas; 
 speculation by investors in oil and gas; 
 the availability, cost, proximity and capacity of gathering, processing, refining and transportation facilities; 
 the cost and availability of products and personnel needed for us to produce oil and gas; 
 weather conditions; 
 the impact and uncertainty of world health events, including the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 domestic and foreign governmental relations, regulation and taxation, including limits on the U.S. ability to export crude oil. 
 For example, commodity prices continued to be volatile during 2022, as COVID-19 pandemic-related restrictions continued to loosen and global economic activity grew, OPEC+ production levels shifted and the Russia-Ukraine war and related sanctions started in the first quarter. 
 The NYMEX oil prices in 2022 ranged from a high of 123.70 to a low of 71.02 per bbl, while the spot market prices for natural gas in 2022 ranged from a high of 9.85 to a low of 3.45 per MMBtu. Oil prices continue to be influenced by the factors discussed above. 
 The long-term effects of these and other conditions on the prices of oil and natural gas are uncertain, and there can be no assurance that the demand or pricing for our products will follow historic patterns or that the recent pricing trend will continue. Any substantial or extended decline, or sustained market uncertainty, in the actual prices of crude oil, NGLs or natural gas would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and borrowing capacity, stock price, the quantities of oil and gas reserves that we can economically produce, the quantity of estimated proved reserves that may be attributed to our properties and our ability to fund our capital program. 
 It is impossible to predict future commodity price movements with certainty; however, many of our projections and estimates are based on assumptions as to the future prices of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas. These price assumptions are used for planning purposes. We expect our assumptions will change over time and that actual prices in the future will likely differ from our estimates. 
 20 

Drilling and operations activities are high-risk activities with many uncertainties and may not result in commercially productive reserves. 
 Our future financial condition and results of operations depend on the success of our exploration and production activities. Oil and gas exploration and production activities are subject to numerous risks beyond our control, including the risk that drilling will not result in commercially viable oil and gas production. The costs of drilling, completing and operating wells are often substantial and uncertain, and have increased substantially in 2022 due to inflationary pressures. Furthermore, drilling and completion operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 unexpected drilling conditions; 
 risks associated with drilling horizontal wells and extended lateral lengths, such as deviating from the desired drilling zone or not running casing or tools consistently through the wellbore, particularly as lateral lengths get longer; 
 risks associated with downspacing and multi-well pad drilling; 
 fracture stimulation accidents or failures; 
 reductions in oil, natural gas and NGL prices; 
 elevated pressure or irregularities in geologic formations; 
 loss of title or other title related issues; 
 equipment failures or accidents; 
 costs, shortages or delays in the availability of drilling rigs, frac fleets, crews, equipment and materials; 
 shortages in experienced labor; 
 crude oil, NGLs or natural gas gathering, transportation, processing, storage and export facility availability, restrictions or limitations; 
 surface access restrictions; 
 delays imposed by or resulting from compliance with regulatory requirements, including any hydraulic fracturing regulations and other applicable regulations, and the failure to secure or delays in securing necessary regulatory, contractual and third-party approvals and permits; 
 political events, public protests, civil disturbances, terrorist acts or cyber attacks; 
 environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil and produced water spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, encountering naturally occurring radioactive materials, and unauthorized discharges of brine, well stimulation and completion fluids, toxic gases or other pollutants into the surface and subsurface environment; 
 limited availability of financing at acceptable terms; 
 limitations in the market for crude oil, natural gas and NGLs; 
 fires, explosions, blow-outs and surface cratering; 
 adverse weather conditions; and 
 actions by third-party operators of our properties. 
 The wells we drill may not be productive and we may not recover all or any portion of our investment in such wells. Our decisions to purchase, explore, develop or otherwise exploit prospects or properties depend in part on the evaluation of data obtained through geophysical and geological analyses, production data and engineering studies, the results of which are often inconclusive or subject to varying interpretations. The seismic data and other technologies we use do not allow us to know conclusively prior to drilling a well that oil or gas is present or may be produced economically. The type curves we use in our development plans are only estimates of performance of the acreage we might develop and actual production can differ materially. Furthermore, the cost of drilling, completing, equipping and operating a well is often uncertain, and cost factors can adversely affect the economics of a project. Overruns in budgeted expenditures are common risks that can make a particular project uneconomical or less economical than forecasted. In addition, limitations on the use of hydraulic fracturing could have an adverse effect on our ability to develop and produce oil and gas from new wells, which would reduce our rate of return on these wells and our cash flows. Drilling activities can result in dry holes or wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient net revenues after operating and other costs to cover initial drilling costs. 
 21 

Our future drilling activities may not be successful, and we cannot be sure that our overall drilling success rate or our drilling success rate within a particular area will not decline. Unsuccessful drilling activities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Also, we may not be able to obtain any options or lease rights in potential drilling locations that we identify. Although we have identified numerous potential drilling locations, we may not be able to economically produce oil or gas from all of them. 
 Our business involves many operating risks, including hydraulic fracturing, that may result in substantial losses for which insurance may be unavailable or inadequate. 
 Our operations are subject to all of the risks and hazards typically associated with the exploitation, development and exploration for and the production and transportation of oil and gas, including well stimulation and completion activities such as hydraulic fracturing. These operating risks include: 
 fires, explosions, blowouts, cratering and casing collapses; 
 formations with abnormal pressures or structures; 
 pipeline ruptures or spills; 
 mechanical difficulties, such as stuck oilfield drilling and service tools; 
 uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids; 
 migration of fracturing fluids into surrounding groundwater; 
 spills or releases of fracturing fluids including from trucks sometimes used to deliver these materials; 
 spills or releases of brine or other produced water that may go off-site; 
 subsurface conditions that prevent us from (i) stimulating the planned number of stages, (ii) accessing the entirety of the wellbore with our tools during completion or (iii) removing all fracturing-related materials from the wellbore to allow production to begin; 
 environmental hazards such as natural gas leaks, oil or produced water spills and discharges of toxic gases; and 
 natural disasters and other adverse weather conditions (including events that may be caused or exacerbated by climate change), such as named winter storms in 2021 and 2022 that caused us to temporarily shut-in production; 
 terrorism, vandalism and physical, electronic and cybersecurity breaches. 
 Any of these risks could result in substantial losses resulting from injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution and other environmental damages, clean up responsibilities, regulatory investigations and penalties, loss of well location, acreage, expected production and related reserves and suspension of operations. Moreover, a potential result of climate change is more frequent or more severe weather events or natural disasters. To the extent such weather events or natural disasters become more frequent or more severe, disruptions to our business and costs to repair damaged facilities could increase. In addition, under certain circumstances, we may be liable for environmental damage caused by previous owners or operators of properties that we own, lease or operate. As a result, we may incur substantial liabilities to third parties or governmental entities, which could reduce or eliminate funds available for exploration, development or acquisitions or cause us to incur losses. 
 If we experience any problems with well stimulation and completion activities, such as hydraulic fracturing, our ability to explore for and produce oil or natural gas may be adversely affected. We could incur substantial losses or otherwise fail to realize reserves in particular formations as a result of: 
 delays imposed by or resulting from compliance with environmental and other governmental or regulatory requirements, which may include limitations on hydraulic fracturing or the discharge of GHGs; 
 the need to shut down, abandon and relocate drilling operations; 
 the need to sample, test and monitor drinking water in particular areas and to provide filtration or other drinking water supplies to users of water supplies that may have been impacted or threatened by potential contamination from fracturing fluids; 
 the need to modify drill sites to ensure there are no spills or releases off-site and to investigate and/or remediate any spills or releases that might have occurred; or 
 suspension of our operations. 
 
 22 

In accordance with industry practice, we maintain insurance at a level that balances the cost of insurance with our assessment of the risk and our ability to achieve a reasonable rate of return on our investments. We cannot assure you that our insurance will be adequate to cover losses or liabilities or that we will purchase insurance against all possible losses or liabilities. Also, we cannot predict the continued availability of insurance at premium levels that justify its purchase. The occurrence of a significant event, not fully insured or indemnified against, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Multi-well pad drilling and project development may result in volatility in our operating results. 
 We utilize multi-well pad drilling and project development where practical. Project development may involve more than one multi-well pad being drilled and completed at one time in a relatively confined area. Wells drilled on a pad or in a project may not be brought into production until all wells on the pad or project are drilled and completed. Problems affecting one pad or a single well could adversely affect production from all of the wells on the pad or in the entire project. As a result, multi-well pad drilling and project development can cause delays in the scheduled commencement of production, or interruptions in ongoing production. These delays or interruptions may cause declines or volatility in our operating results due to timing as well as declines in oil and natural gas prices. Further, any delay, reduction or curtailment of our development and producing operations, due to operational delays caused by multi-well pad drilling or project development, or otherwise, could result in the loss of acreage through lease expirations. 
 Additionally, infrastructure expansion, including more complex facilities and takeaway capacity, could become challenging in project development areas. Managing capital expenditures for infrastructure expansion could cause economic constraints when considering design capacity. 
 We could experience adverse impacts associated with a high concentration of activity and tighter drilling spacing. 
 We are subject to drilling, completion and operating risks, including our ability to efficiently execute large-scale project development, as we could experience delays, curtailments and other adverse impacts associated with a high concentration of activity and tighter drilling spacing. A higher concentration of activity and tighter drilling spacing may increase the frequency of operational shut-ins and unintentional communication with other adjacent wells and reduce the total recoverable reserves from the reservoir. If these risks materialize, they could negatively impact our results of operations relative to guidance or market expectations, which may result in a decline in the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 
 We may not adhere to our proposed drilling schedule. 
 Our final determination of whether to drill any wells will be dependent on a number of factors, including: 
 the results of our exploration efforts and the acquisition, review and analysis of the seismic data; 
 the availability of sufficient capital resources to us and the other participants for the drilling of the prospects; 
 the approval of the prospects by the other participants after additional data has been compiled; 
 economic and industry conditions at the time of drilling, including prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and gas and the availability and prices of drilling rigs and crews, frac crews, and related equipment and material; and 
 the availability of leases and permits on reasonable terms for the prospects. 
 Although we have identified numerous drilling prospects, we may not be able to lease or drill those prospects within our expected time frame or at all. There can be no assurance that these projects can be successfully developed or that any identified drill sites will, if drilled, encounter reservoirs of commercially productive oil or gas or that we will be able to complete such wells on a timely basis, or at all. We may seek to sell or reduce all or a portion of our interest in a project area or with respect to prospects wells within such project area. 
 Our business depends on gathering, processing, refining and transportation facilities owned by others. 
 We deliver substantially all of our oil and gas production through pipelines and trucks that we do not own. The marketability of our production depends upon the availability, proximity and capacity of these pipelines and trucks, as well as gathering systems, gas processing facilities and downstream refineries. The unavailability of or lack of available capacity on these systems and facilities could result in the shut-in of producing wells, the reduction in wellhead pricing or the delay or discontinuance of development plans for properties. Federal, state and local regulation of oil and gas production and transportation, tax and energy policies, changes in supply and demand, pipeline pressures, damage to or destruction of pipelines and general economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to produce, gather, process, refine and market our oil and gas. 
 
 23 

We have entered into firm transportation contracts that require us to pay fixed sums of money regardless of quantities actually shipped. If we are unable to deliver the minimum quantities of production, such requirements could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 
 We have entered into firm transportation contracts that require us to pay fixed sums of money regardless of quantities actually shipped. If we are unable to deliver the minimum quantities of production, such requirements could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. We have entered into firm transportation agreements for a portion of our production in certain areas in order to improve our ability, and that of our purchasers, to successfully market our production. We may also enter into firm transportation arrangements for additional production in the future. These firm transportation agreements may be more costly than interruptible or short-term transportation agreements. Additionally, these agreements obligate us to pay fees on minimum volumes regardless of actual throughput. If we have insufficient production to meet the minimum volumes, the requirements to pay for quantities not delivered could have an impact on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 
 The unavailability, high cost or shortage of drilling rigs, frac crews, equipment, raw materials, supplies, oilfield services or personnel may restrict our operations. 
 Where we are the operator of a property, we rely on third-party service providers to perform necessary drilling and completion operations. The ability and availability of third-party service providers to perform such drilling and completion operations will depend on those service providers ability to compete for and retain qualified personnel, financial condition, economic performance, and access to capital, which in turn will depend upon the supply and demand for oil, NGLs and natural gas, prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors. The failure of a third-party service provider to adequately perform operations on a timely basis could delay drilling or completion operations, reduce production from the property or cause other damage to operations, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Moreover, the oil and gas industry is cyclical, which can result in shortages of drilling rigs, frac crews, equipment, raw materials (particularly sand and other proppants), supplies and personnel, including geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other professionals. When shortages occur, the costs and delivery times of drilling rigs, equipment and supplies increase and demand for, and wage rates of, qualified drilling rig and frac crews also rise with increases in demand. The prevailing prices of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas also affect the cost of and the demand for drilling rigs, frac crews, materials (including sand) and other equipment and related services. As a result of inflationary pressures and other factors, our costs for these items substantially increased in 2022. Furthermore, the availability of drilling rigs, frac crews, materials (including sand) and equipment can vary significantly from region to region at any particular time. Although land drilling rigs and frac crews can be moved from one region to another in response to changes in levels of demand, an undersupply in any region may result in drilling and/or completion delays and higher well costs in that region. 
 We cannot predict whether these conditions will exist in the future and, if so, what their timing and duration will be. In accordance with customary industry practice, we rely on independent third-party service providers to provide most of the services necessary to drill new wells. If we are unable to secure a sufficient number of drilling rigs and frac crews at reasonable costs, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer, and we may not be able to drill all of our acreage before our leases expire. Shortages of drilling rigs, frac crews, equipment, raw materials (particularly sand and other proppants), supplies, personnel, trucking services, tubulars, fracking and completion services and production equipment could delay or restrict our exploration and development operations, which in turn could impair our financial condition and results of operations. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated industry downturn, many experienced service providers have left the industry and remaining personnel are more limited and in some cases, less experienced, which could impact success of our operations and have a safety impact. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine war have also significantly disrupted global supply chains including with respect to certain materials necessary to our operations, particularly tubulars and steel. If we are unable to timely source such materials in the future or if the prices of such materials increase, we may have to curtail or delay our operations and our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted. Further, limited availability of materials may limit our ability to optimize our drilling and completions designs which could negatively impact our operations. 
 
 24 

Our future performance depends on our ability to find or acquire additional oil and gas reserves that are economically recoverable. 
 Producing oil and gas reservoirs generally are characterized by declining production rates that vary depending upon reservoir characteristics and other factors. Unless we successfully replace the reserves that we produce, our reserves will decline, eventually resulting in a decrease in oil and gas production and lower revenues and cash flows from operating activities. We must make substantial capital expenditures to find, acquire, develop and produce new oil and gas reserves. We may not be able to make the necessary capital investments to maintain or expand our oil and gas reserves with our cash flows from operating activities. Furthermore, external sources of capital may be limited. 
 The ability to attract and retain key members of management, qualified Board members and other key personnel is critical to the success of our business and may be challenging. 
 Our success depends to a large extent upon the efforts and abilities of our management team and having experienced individuals serving on our Board who are also knowledgeable about our operations and our industry. The success of our business also depends on other key personnel. The ability to attract and retain these key personnel may be difficult in light of the volatility of our business. We may need to enter into retention or other arrangements that could be costly to maintain. These factors could cause us to incur greater costs or prevent us from pursuing our development and exploitation strategy as quickly as we would otherwise wish to do. If executives, directors or other key personnel resign, retire or are terminated, or their service is otherwise interrupted, we may not be able to replace them adequately or in a timely manner and we could experience significant declines in productivity. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our business, and the ultimate effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial and commodity markets, and may continue to do so in the future. During the initial phase of the pandemic, there were significant reductions in demand for and prices of oil, NGLs and natural gas, which at times adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The COVID-19 pandemic has also had, and may in the future have, an adverse impact on the availability of personnel, equipment and services critical to our ability to operate our properties. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely impact our results will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted with precision. 
 Certain of our undeveloped leasehold assets are subject to leases that will expire over the next several years unless production is established on the acreage. 
 Leases on oil and gas properties typically have a term after which they expire unless, prior to expiration, a well is drilled and production of hydrocarbons in paying quantities is established. If our leases expire and we are unable to renew the leases, we will lose our right to develop the related properties. While we seek to actively manage our leasehold inventory through drilling wells to hold the leasehold acreage that we believe is material to our operations, our drilling plans for these areas are subject to change and subject to the availability of capital. 
 Certain of our wells may be adversely affected by actions we or other operators may take when drilling, completing, or operating wells that they own. 
 The drilling and production of potential locations by us or other operators could cause a depletion of our proved reserves and may inhibit our ability to further develop our proved reserves. In addition, completion operations and other activities conducted on adjacent or nearby wells by us or other operators could cause production from our wells to be shut in for indefinite periods of time, could result in increased lease operating expenses and could adversely affect the production and reserves from our wells after they re-commence production. We have no control over the operations or activities of offsetting operators. 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers, and nonpayment or nonperformance by these parties would reduce our cash flows. 
 We are subject to risk from loss resulting from our customers nonperformance or nonpayment. We depend on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. The concentration of credit risk may be affected by changes in economic or other conditions within our industry and may accordingly affect our overall credit risk. In 2022, approximately 43 of our total product revenues resulted from two of our customers. Any nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers would reduce our cash flows. 
 
 25 

We participate in oil and gas leases with third parties, and these third parties may not be able to fulfill their commitments to our projects. 
 We frequently own less than 100 of the working interest in the oil and gas leases on which we conduct operations, and other parties own the remaining portion of the working interest under joint venture arrangements. Financial risks are inherent in any operation where the cost of drilling, equipping, completing and operating wells is shared by more than one party. We could be held liable for joint venture obligations of other working interest owners, such as nonpayment of costs and liabilities arising from the actions of the other working interest owners. In addition, the volatility in commodity prices increases the likelihood that some of these working interest owners may not be able to fulfill their joint venture obligations. Some of our project partners have experienced liquidity and cash flow problems in the past. These problems have led and may lead our partners to attempt to delay the pace of project development in order to preserve cash. A partner may be unable or unwilling to pay its share of project costs. In some cases, a partner may declare bankruptcy. In the event any of our project partners do not pay their share of such costs, we would likely have to pay those costs, and we may be unsuccessful in any efforts to recover these costs from our partners, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Estimates of oil and gas reserves and future net cash flows are not precise, and undeveloped reserves may not ultimately be converted into proved producing reserves. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains estimates of our proved oil and gas reserves and the estimated future net cash flows from such reserves. These estimates are based upon various factors and assumptions, including assumptions relating to crude oil, NGL and natural gas prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, development costs and workover and remedial costs, the quantity, quality and interpretation of relevant data, taxes and availability of funds. The process of estimating oil and gas reserves is complex. This process requires significant decisions and assumptions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each reservoir. These estimates are dependent on many variables and inherently uncertain, therefore, changes often occur as these variables evolve and commodity prices fluctuate. Furthermore, different reserve engineers may make different estimates of reserves and cash flows based on the same data, and improvements or other changes in geological, geophysical and engineering evaluation methods may cause reserve estimates to change over time. Any material inaccuracies in these reserve estimates, cash flow estimates or underlying assumptions could materially affect the estimated quantities and present value of our reserves. 
 Actual future production, crude oil, NGL and natural gas prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable oil and gas reserves will most likely vary from those estimated. Any significant variance could materially affect the estimated quantities and present value of reserves disclosed by us. In addition, we may adjust estimates of proved reserves to reflect production history, results of exploration and development, prevailing crude oil, NGL and natural gas prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, approximately 58 and 62 , respectively, of our estimated proved reserves were proved undeveloped. Estimation of proved undeveloped reserves is based on volumetric calculations and adjacent reserve performance data. Recovery of proved undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. Our reserve data assumes that we can and will make these significant expenditures to develop our reserves and conduct these drilling operations successfully. These assumptions, however, may not prove correct, and our estimated costs may not be accurate, development may not occur as scheduled and actual results may not occur as estimated. 
 The reserve estimation standards under SEC rules provide that, subject to limited exceptions, proved undeveloped reserves may only be booked if they relate to wells scheduled to be drilled within five years of the date of booking. These standards may limit our potential to book additional proved undeveloped reserves as we pursue our drilling program. Moreover, we may be required to write down our proved undeveloped reserves if we do not develop those reserves within the required five-year time frame or cannot demonstrate that we could do so. Accordingly, our reserve report at December 31, 2022, includes estimates of total future development costs over the next five years associated with our proved undeveloped reserves of approximately 2.8 billion. If we choose not to spend the capital to develop these reserves, or if we are not otherwise able to successfully develop these reserves, we will be required to write-off these reserves. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we wrote-off 34.3 MMboe of proved undeveloped reserves because they are no longer expected to be developed within five years of their initial recording. Any such write-offs of our reserves could reduce our ability to borrow money and could reduce the value of our securities. 
 
 26 

You should not assume that the present value of estimated future net cash flows (standardized measure) referred to herein is the current fair value of our estimated oil and gas reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, we base the estimated discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves on prices and costs on the date of the estimate. Actual current and future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the prices and costs as of the date of the estimate. As a result, net present value estimates using actual prices and costs may be significantly less than the SEC estimate that is provided herein. Actual future net cash flows may also be affected by the amount and timing of actual production, availability of financing for capital expenditures necessary to develop our undeveloped reserves, supply and demand for oil and gas, increases or decreases in consumption of oil and gas and changes in governmental regulations or taxation. In addition, the 10 discount factor, which is required by the SEC to be used in calculating discounted future net cash flows for reporting purposes, is not necessarily the most accurate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the oil and gas industry in general. With all other factors held constant, if commodity prices used in the reserve report were to decrease by 10 , our standardized measure and PV-10 would have decreased to approximately 4.1 billion and 4.7 billion, respectively. Any adjustments to the estimates of proved reserves or decreases in the price of our commodities may decrease the value of our securities. 
 We may record impairments on our oil and gas properties. 
 Quantities of proved reserves are estimated based on economic conditions in existence in the period of assessment. Lower crude oil, NGL and natural gas prices may have the impact of shortening the economic lives of certain fields because it becomes uneconomic to produce all reserves within such fields, thus reducing proved property reserve estimates. If such revisions in the estimated quantities of proved reserves occur, it will have the effect of increasing the rates of depreciation, depletion and amortization, or DD A, on the affected properties, which would decrease earnings or result in losses through higher DD A expense. The revisions may also be significant enough to result in a write-down that would further decrease reported earnings. 
 The full cost method of accounting for oil and gas properties under GAAP requires that at the end of each quarterly reporting period, the unamortized cost of our oil and gas properties, net of deferred income taxes, is limited to the sum of the estimated after tax discounted future net revenues from proved properties adjusted for costs excluded from amortization (the Ceiling Test ). The estimated after tax discounted future net revenues are determined using the prior 12-month s average price based on closing prices on the first day of each month, adjusted for differentials, discounted at 10 . The calculation of the Ceiling Test and provision for DD A are based on estimates of proved reserves. There are significant uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves and projecting future rates of production, timing and plan of development. In addition to revisions to reserves and the impact of lower commodity prices, Ceiling Test write-downs may occur due to increases in estimated operating and development costs and other factors. 
 If we cannot obtain sufficient capital when needed, we will not be able to continue with our business strategy. 
 The oil and gas industry is capital intensive. We incur and expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures for the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas reserves. We incurred approximately 533.8 million in acquisition, exploration and development costs, including capitalized interest and capitalized labor during the year ended December 31, 2022. We intend to finance our future capital expenditures, other than significant acquisitions, through cash flow from operations and, if necessary, through borrowings under our credit agreement (as defined below). However, our cash flow from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including: (i) the volume of oil and gas we are able to produce from existing wells, (ii) our ability to transport our oil and gas to market, (iii) the prices at which our commodities are sold, (iv) the costs of producing oil and gas, (v) global credit and securities markets, (vi) the ability and willingness of lenders and investors to provide capital and the cost of the capital, (vii) our ability to acquire, locate and produce new reserves, (viii) the impact of potential changes in our credit ratings and (ix) our proved reserves. Additionally, a negative shift in investor sentiment towards the oil and gas industry could adversely affect our ability to raise equity and debt capital. 
 
 27 

We may not generate expected cash flows and may have limited ability to obtain the capital necessary to sustain our operations at current or anticipated levels. A decline in cash flow from operations or our financing needs may require us to revise our capital program or alter or increase our capitalization substantially through the issuance of debt or equity securities. The issuance of additional equity securities could have a dilutive effect on the value of our Class A Common Stock. Additional borrowings under our credit agreement or the issuance of additional debt securities will require that a greater portion of our cash flow from operations be used for the payment of interest and principal on our debt, thereby reducing our ability to use cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. In addition, our credit agreements and the Indenture impose certain limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness. If we desire to issue additional debt securities other than as expressly permitted under such debt agreements, we will be required to seek the consents in accordance with the requirements of such debt agreements, which consent may be withheld at their discretion. In the future, we may not be able to obtain financing in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms when needed, which could adversely affect our operating results and prospects. If we cannot raise the capital required to implement our business strategy, we may be required to curtail operations, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our property acquisitions carry significant risks. 
 Acquisition of oil and gas properties is a key element of maintaining and growing reserves and production. Competition for these assets has been and will continue to be intense. We may not be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. Even if we do identify attractive candidates, we may not be able to complete the acquisition or do so on commercially acceptable terms. In the event we do complete an acquisition, its success will depend on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include future crude oil, NGL and natural gas prices, the ability to reasonably estimate or assess the recoverable volumes of reserves, rates of future production and future net revenues attainable from reserves, future operating and capital costs, results of future exploration, exploitation and development activities on the acquired properties and future abandonment, possible future environmental or other liabilities and the effect on our liquidity or financial leverage of using available cash or debt to finance acquisitions. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved oil and gas reserves, actual future production rates and associated costs and the assumption of potential liabilities with respect to prospective acquisition targets. Actual results may vary substantially from those assumed in the estimates. A customary review of subject properties will not necessarily reveal all existing or potential problems. 
 Additionally, significant acquisitions can change the nature of our operations and business if acquired properties have substantially different operating and geological characteristics or are in different geographic locations than our existing properties. To the extent that acquired properties are substantially different than our existing properties, our ability to efficiently realize the expected economic benefits of such transactions may be limited. 
 Integrating acquired businesses and properties is costly and involves a number of special risks. These risks include the possibility that management may be distracted from regular business concerns by the need to integrate operations and systems and that unforeseen difficulties can arise in integrating operations and systems and in retaining and assimilating employees. Any of these or other similar risks could lead to potential adverse short-term or long-term effects on our operating results and may cause us to not be able to realize any or all of the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. Further, we may not realize expected synergies. If we are unable to realize expected synergies, or the cost to achieve these synergies is greater than expected, then the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. In addition, it is possible that the integration of an acquired business could result in the loss of key employees, customers, providers, vendors or business partners, the disruption of our ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses, delays, or regulatory conditions associated with higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. 
 Properties we acquire may not produce as projected, and we may be unable to determine reserve potential, identify liabilities associated with the properties or obtain protection from sellers against them. 
 Our initial technical reviews of properties we acquire are necessarily limited because an in-depth review of every individual property involved in each acquisition generally is not feasible. Even a detailed review of records and properties may not necessarily reveal existing or potential problems, nor will it permit a buyer to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to assess fully their deficiencies and potential. Inspections may not always be performed on every well and environmental problems, such as soil or ground water contamination, are not necessarily observable even when an inspection is undertaken. Even when problems are identified, we may assume certain environmental and other risks and liabilities in connection with acquired properties, or discover unknown liabilities after the acquisition, and such risks and liabilities could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 28 

We may incur losses as a result of title deficiencies. 
 We purchase working and revenue interests in the oil and gas leasehold interests upon which we will perform our exploration activities from third parties or directly from the mineral fee owners. The existence of a material title deficiency can render a lease worthless and can adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Title insurance covering mineral leaseholds is not generally available and, in all instances, we forgo the expense of retaining lawyers to examine the title to the mineral interest to be placed under lease or already placed under lease until the drilling block is assembled and ready to be drilled. Even then, the cost of performing detailed title work can be expensive. We may choose to forgo detailed title examination by title lawyers on a portion of the mineral leases that we place in a drilling unit or conduct less title work than we have traditionally performed. As is customary in our industry, we generally rely upon the judgment of oil and gas lease brokers or independent landmen who perform the field work in examining records in the appropriate governmental offices and abstract facilities before attempting to acquire or place under lease a specific mineral interest and before drilling a well on a leased tract. We, in some cases, perform curative work to correct deficiencies in the marketability or adequacy of the title to us. The work might include obtaining affidavits of heirship or causing an estate to be administered. In cases involving more serious title problems, the amount paid for affected oil and gas leases can be generally lost and the target area can become undrillable. The failure of title may not be discovered until after a well is drilled, in which case we may lose the lease and the right to produce all or a portion of the minerals under the property. 
 As a small company, we face unique difficulties competing in the larger market. 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment for acquiring properties, marketing oil and gas and securing trained personnel, and we may face difficulties in competing with larger companies. The costs of doing business in the exploration and production industry, including such costs as those required to explore new oil and gas plays, to acquire new acreage, and to develop attractive oil and gas projects, are significant. We face intense competition in all areas of our business from companies with greater and more productive assets, greater access to capital, substantially larger staffs and greater financial and operating resources than we have. Those companies may be able to pay more for productive oil and gas properties and exploratory prospects and to evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or personnel resources permit. Also, there is substantial competition for capital available for investment in the oil and gas industry. Our limited size has placed us at a disadvantage with respect to funding our capital and operating costs, and means that we are more vulnerable to commodity price volatility and overall industry cycles (such as the volatility and general economic challenges attributable to COVID-19, the Russia-Ukraine war, and other factors), are less able to absorb the burden of changes in laws and regulations, and that poor results in any single exploration, development or production play can have a disproportionately negative impact on us. We also compete for people, including experienced geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other professionals. Our limited size has placed us at a disadvantage with respect to attracting and retaining management and other professionals with the technical abilities necessary to successfully operate our business. 
 Our lack of diversification increases the risk of an investment in us and we are vulnerable to risks associated with operating primarily in one major contiguous area. 
 All of our operations are in the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas, making us vulnerable to risks associated with operating in one geographic area. Due to the concentrated nature of our business activities, a number of our properties could experience any of the same conditions at the same time, resulting in a relatively greater impact on our results of operations than they might have on other companies that are more diversified. In particular, we may be disproportionately exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production from wells in which we have an interest that are caused by transportation capacity constraints, curtailment of production, availability of equipment, facilities, personnel or services, significant governmental regulation, natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, water shortages or other drought related conditions, plant closures for scheduled maintenance or interruption of transportation of crude oil or natural gas produced from wells in the Eagle Ford. Such delays or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our oil, natural gas and NGLs are primarily sold in geographic markets in Texas which have a fixed amount of storage and processing capacity. As a result, if such markets become oversupplied with oil, natural gas and/or NGLs, it could have a material negative effect on the prices we receive for our products and therefore an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. There is a risk that refining capacity in the U.S. Gulf Coast may be insufficient to refine all of the light sweet crude oil being produced in the U.S. If light sweet crude oil production remains at current levels or continues to increase, demand for our light crude oil production could result in widening price discounts to the world crude prices and potential shut-in of production due to a lack of sufficient markets despite the lift on prior restrictions on the exporting of oil and natural gas. 
 29 

Financial and Related Risks 
 We have substantial indebtedness and may incur substantially more debt. Higher levels of indebtedness make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse developments in our business. 
 Our indebtedness and any increase in our level of indebtedness could have adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including (i) imposing additional cash requirements on us in order to support interest payments, which reduces the amount we have available to fund our operations and other business activities, (ii) increasing the risk that we may default on our debt obligations, (iii) increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions, economic downturns and adverse developments in our business, (iv) increasing our exposure to a continued rise in interest rates, which will generate greater interest expense, (v) limiting our ability to engage in strategic transactions or obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate and other purposes and (vi) limiting our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and industry in which we operate. Our ability to meet our debt obligations and to reduce our level of indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is affected by general economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are out of our control. 
 Additionally, we may incur substantially more debt in the future. Our Credit Facility and the Indenture contain restrictions that limit our ability to incur indebtedness. These restrictions, however, are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and under certain circumstances, we could incur substantial additional indebtedness in compliance with these restrictions. If we were to incur additional indebtedness without retiring existing debt, the risks described above could be magnified. 
 The borrowing base under our Credit Facility may be reduced in the future if commodity prices decline. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the borrowing base under the Credit Facility was 950 million with aggregate elected commitments of 500 million. Our borrowing base is generally redetermined at least twice each year and is scheduled to next be redetermined in April 2023. During a borrowing base redetermination, the lenders can unilaterally adjust the borrowing base and the borrowings permitted to be outstanding under our Credit Facility. In the event of a decline in crude oil, NGL or natural gas prices or for other reasons deemed relevant by our lenders, the borrowing base under the Credit Facility may be reduced. Additionally, the lenders typically may, at their discretion, initiate a redetermination at any time during the six-month period between scheduled redeterminations. As a result, we may be unable to obtain funding under the Credit Facility. If funding is not available when or in the amounts needed, or is available only on unfavorable terms, it might adversely affect our development plan and our ability to make new acquisitions. Furthermore, a determination to lower the borrowing base in the future to a level less than our outstanding indebtedness thereunder would require us to repay any indebtedness in excess of the redetermined borrowing base. Any such repayment or reduced access to funds could have a material adverse effect on our production, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The Credit Facility and the Indenture have restrictive covenants that could limit our financial flexibility. 
 The Credit Facility and the Indenture contain financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests. Our ability to borrow under the Credit Facility is subject to compliance with certain financial covenants, including leverage, interest coverage and current ratios. 
 The Credit Facility and the Indenture include other restrictions that, among other things, limit our ability to incur indebtedness; grant liens; engage in mergers, consolidations and liquidations; make asset dispositions, restricted payments and investments; enter into transactions with affiliates; and amend, modify or prepay certain indebtedness. 
 Our business plan and our compliance with these covenants are based on a number of assumptions, the most important of which is relatively stable oil and gas prices at economically sustainable levels. If the price that we receive for our oil and gas production deteriorates significantly from current levels it could lead to lower revenues, cash flows and earnings, which in turn could lead to a default under certain financial covenants contained in our Credit Facility. Because the calculations of the financial ratios are made as of certain dates, the financial ratios can fluctuate significantly from period to period as the amounts outstanding under our Credit Facility are dependent on the timing of cash flows related to operations, capital expenditures, sales of oil and gas properties and securities offerings. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debts. We may not have sufficient working capital to satisfy our debt obligations in the event of an acceleration of all or a significant portion of our outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 30 

Adverse changes in our credit rating may affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms. 
 Our outstanding debt is periodically rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The credit ratings are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to our industry and the economic outlook. Our credit rating may affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we may obtain. Because we rely in part on debt financing to fund growth, adverse changes in our credit rating may have a negative effect on our future growth. 
 Derivative transactions may limit our potential gains and involve other risks. 
 In order to achieve more predictable cash flows and manage our exposure to commodity price risks in the sale of our crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, we periodically enter into commodity price hedging arrangements with respect to a portion of our expected production. Our hedges are limited in duration, usually for periods of three years or less. While intended to reduce the effects of volatile crude oil, NGL and natural gas prices, such transactions may limit our potential gains if crude oil, NGL or natural gas prices were to rise over the price established by the hedging arrangements. In trying to maintain an appropriate balance, we may end up hedging too much or too little, depending upon how commodity prices fluctuate in the future, which could have the effect of reducing our net income. 
 In addition, derivative transactions may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which: 
 our production is less than expected; 
 there is a widening of price basis differentials between delivery points for our production and the delivery point assumed in the hedge arrangement; 
 the counterparty to a derivatives instrument fails to perform under the contract; or 
 a sudden, unexpected event materially impacts commodity prices. 
 In addition, we may enter into derivative instruments that involve basis risk. Basis risk in a derivative contract occurs when the index upon which the contract is based is more or less variable than the index upon which the hedged asset is based, thereby making the hedge less effective. For example, a NYMEX index used for hedging certain volumes of production may have more or less variability than the regional price index used for the sale of that production. 
 The adoption of derivatives legislation and implementing rules could have an adverse effect on our ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price risks associated with our business. 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd Frank Act, enacted on July 21, 2010, established federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as us, that participate in that market. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC, and the SEC, to promulgate rules and regulations implementing the Dodd-Frank Act. While some of these rules have been finalized, some have not been finalized or implemented, and it is not possible at this time to predict when this will be accomplished. In October 2011, the CFTC issued regulations to set position limits for certain futures and option contracts in the major energy markets and for swaps that are their economic equivalents; however, this initial position limits rule was vacated by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia in September 2012. The CFTC has subsequently issued proposals for new rules that would place position limits on certain core futures contracts and equivalent swap contracts for or linked to certain physical commodities, subject to certain exceptions for bona fide hedging transactions, though these rules have not been finalized and the impact of those provisions on us is uncertain at this time. 
 
 31 

While the CFTC has designated certain interest rate swaps and credit default swaps subject to mandatory clearing, and the associated rules also will require us, in connection with covered derivative activities, to comply with clearing and trade-execution requirements or take steps to qualify for an exemption to such requirements. The CFTC has not yet proposed rules subjecting any other classes of swaps, including physical commodity swaps, to mandatory clearing. Although we believe we qualify for the end-user exception from the mandatory clearing requirements for swaps entered to hedge our commercial risks, the application of the mandatory clearing and trade execution requirements to other market participants, such as swap dealers, may change the cost and availability of the swaps that we use for hedging. If our swaps do not qualify for the end-user exception from mandatory clearing, or if the cost of entering into uncleared swaps becomes prohibitive, we may be required to clear such transactions or our ability to hedge may be impacted. The ultimate effect of the rules and any additional regulations on our business is uncertain at this time. 
 In addition, certain banking regulators and the CFTC have adopted final rules establishing minimum margin requirements for uncleared swaps. Although we expect to be exempt from such requirements for the mandatory exchange of margin for uncleared swaps, the application of such requirements to other market participants, such as swap dealers, may change the cost and availability of the swaps that we use for hedging. Further, if we did not qualify for an exemption and were required to post collateral for our swaps, it could reduce our liquidity and cash available for capital expenditures and our ability to manage commodity price volatility and the volatility in cash flows. 
 The full impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and related regulatory requirements upon our business will not be known until the regulations are implemented and the market for derivatives contracts has adjusted. When fully implemented, the Dodd-Frank Act and any new regulations could increase the operational and transactional cost of derivatives contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks that we encounter, reduce our ability to monetize and restructure our existing derivatives contracts and affect the number and/or creditworthiness of available counterparties. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and regulations, our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. 
 In addition, we may transact with counterparties based in the European Union, Canada or other jurisdictions which, like the U.S., are in the process of implementing regulations to regulate derivatives transactions, some of which are currently in effect and impose operational and transactional costs on our derivatives activities. 
 A negative shift in investor sentiment towards the oil and gas industry could adversely affect our ability to raise equity and debt capital. 
 Certain segments of the investor community have recently developed negative sentiments towards investing in our industry. The negative sentiment toward our sector versus other industry sectors has led to lower oil and gas representation in certain key equity market indices. Some investors, including certain pension funds, university endowments and family foundations, have stated policies to reduce or eliminate their investments in the oil and gas sector based on social and environment considerations. Such developments could result in a reduction of available capital funding for potential development projects or diminution of capital to fund our business which could impact our future financial results. Additionally, such developments have resulted and could continue to result in downward pressure on the stock prices of oil and gas companies, including ours. 
 In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to environmental, social, and governance ESG matters. Currently, there are no universal standards for such scores or ratings, but the importance of sustainability evaluations is becoming more broadly accepted by investors and shareholders. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Additionally, certain investors use these scores to benchmark companies against their peers and if a company is perceived as lagging, these investors may engage with companies to require improved ESG disclosure or performance. Moreover, certain members of the broader investment community may consider a company s sustainability score as a reputational or other factor in making an investment decision. Consequently, a low sustainability score could result in exclusion of our stock from consideration by certain investment funds, engagement by investors seeking to improve such scores and a negative perception of our operations by certain investors. 
 
 32 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 We are subject to complex laws and regulations that can adversely affect the cost, manner or feasibility of doing business. 
 Exploration, development, production and sale of oil and gas are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including complex environmental laws. Future laws or regulations, any adverse changes in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or a failure to comply with existing legal requirements may harm our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We may be required to make large expenditures to comply with environmental and other governmental regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the suspension or termination of operations and subject us to administrative, civil and criminal penalties. Matters subject to regulation include discharge permits for drilling operations, drilling bonds, spacing of wells, unitization and pooling of properties, environmental protection and taxation. Our operations create the risk of environmental liabilities to the government or third parties for any unlawful discharge of oil, gas or other pollutants into the air, soil or water. In the event of environmental violations or other environmental, health or safety impacts, we may be charged with remedial costs and land owners may file claims for alternative water supplies, property damage or bodily injury. Laws and regulations protecting the environment have become more stringent in recent years, and may, in some circumstances, result in liability for environmental damage regardless of negligence or fault. New laws, regulations or enforcement policies could be more stringent and impose unforeseen liabilities or significantly increase compliance costs. Moreover, these risks are likely to be enhanced with the Biden Administration. For example, see Part I, Item 1, Business Government Regulation and Environmental Matters Greenhouse Gas Emissions for information about certain actions the Biden Administration has taken targeting GHG emissions. No assurance can be given that continued compliance with existing or future environmental laws and regulations will not result in a curtailment of production or processing activities or result in a material increase in the costs of production, development, exploration or processing operations. In addition, pollution and similar environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. These liabilities and costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Part I, Item 1, Business Government Regulation and Environmental Matters. 
 Access to water to drill and conduct hydraulic fracturing may not be available if water sources become scarce, and we may face difficulty disposing of produced water gathered from drilling and production activities. 
 The availability of water is crucial to conduct hydraulic fracturing. A significant amount of water is necessary for drilling and completing each well with hydraulic fracturing. In the past, Texas has experienced severe droughts that have limited the water supplies that are necessary to conduct hydraulic fracturing. Although we have taken measures to secure our water supply, we can make no assurances that sufficient water resources will be available in the short or long term to carry out our current activities. If we are unable to obtain water to use in our operations from local sources, we may be unable to economically produce oil and gas, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In addition, we must dispose of the fluids produced from oil and natural gas production operations, including produced water. The legal requirements related to the disposal of produced water into a non-producing geologic formation by means of underground injection wells are subject to change based on concerns of the public or governmental authorities regarding such disposal activities. One such concern arises from recent seismic events near underground disposal wells that are used for the disposal by injection of produced water resulting from oil and natural gas activities. In March 2016, the U.S. Geological Survey identified Texas and Colorado as being among the states with areas of increased rates of induced seismicity that could be attributed to fluid injection or oil and natural gas extraction. In response to concerns regarding induced seismicity, regulators in some states have imposed, or are considering imposing, additional requirements in the permitting of produced water disposal wells to assess any relationship between seismicity and the use of such wells. For example, in Texas, the RRC adopted new rules governing the permitting or re-permitting of wells used to dispose of produced water and other fluids resulting from the production of oil and natural gas in order to address these seismic activity concerns within the state. Among other things, these rules require companies seeking permits for disposal wells to provide seismic activity data in permit applications, provide for more frequent monitoring and reporting for certain wells and allow the state to modify, suspend or terminate permits on grounds that a disposal well is likely to be, or determined to be, causing seismic activity. States may issue orders to temporarily shut down or to curtail the injection depth of existing wells in the vicinity of seismic events. Increased regulation and attention given to induced seismicity could also lead to greater opposition, including litigation to limit or prohibit oil and natural gas activities utilizing injection wells for produced water disposal. 
 
 33 

Climate change legislation, laws and regulations restricting emissions of GHGs or prohibiting, restricting, or delaying oil and gas development on public lands, or legal or other action taken by public or private entities related to climate change could force us to incur increased capital and operating costs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as our reputation. 
 In December 2009, the EPA determined that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other GHGs endanger public health and the environment because emissions of such gases are, according to the EPA, contributing to warming of the Earth s atmosphere and other climatic changes. Based on these findings, the EPA began adopting and implementing regulations to restrict emissions of GHGs under existing provisions of the CAA. For example, the EPA issued rules restricting methane emissions from hydraulically fractured and refractured gas wells, compressors, pneumatic controls, storage vessels, and natural gas processing plants. For more information on GHG regulation, see Part I, Item 1, Business Government Regulation and Environmental Matters. 
 While Congress has from time to time considered legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs, there has not been significant activity in the form of adopted legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs in recent years. In the absence of Congressional action, many states have established rules aimed at reducing GHG emissions, including GHG cap and trade programs. Most of these cap and trade programs work by requiring major sources of emissions, such as electric power plants, or major producers of fuels, such as refineries and natural gas processing plants, to acquire and surrender emission allowances. The number of allowances available for purchase is reduced each year in an effort to achieve the overall GHG emission reduction goal. In the future, the U.S. may also choose to adhere to international agreements targeting GHG reductions. The adoption of legislation or regulatory programs or other government action to reduce emissions of GHGs or restrict, delay or prohibit oil and gas development on public lands could require us to incur increased operating costs, such as costs to purchase and operate emissions control systems, to acquire emissions allowances or to comply with new regulatory or reporting requirements, or prevent us from conducting operations in certain areas. Any such legislation or regulatory programs could also increase the cost of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for, the oil and gas we produce. These risks are likely to be enhanced with the Biden Administration. See Part I, Item 1, Business Government Regulation and Environmental Matters - Greenhouse Gas Emissions. Consequently, legislation and regulatory programs to reduce emissions of GHGs could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Reduced demand for the oil and gas that we produce could also have the effect of lowering the value of our reserves. 
 In addition, some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods and other climatic events. If such climactic events were to occur more frequently or with greater intensity, our exploration and development activities and ability to transport our production to market could be adversely affected, as these events could cause a loss of production from temporary cessation of activity or damaged facilities and equipment. If any such events were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For a more complete discussion of environmental laws and regulations intended to address climate change and their impact on our business and operations, see Part I, Item 1, Business Government Regulation and Environmental Matters. 
 There have also been efforts in recent years to influence the investment community, including investment advisors and certain sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds, as well as other stakeholders, promoting divestment of fossil fuel equities and pressuring lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. Such environmental activism and initiatives aimed at limiting climate change and reducing air pollution could interfere with our business activities, operations and ability to access capital and adversely impact our reputation. Finally, increasing attention to the risks of climate change has resulted in an increased possibility of lawsuits or investigations brought by public and private entities against oil and gas companies in connection with their GHG emissions. Should we be targeted by any such litigation or investigation, we may incur liability, which, to the extent that societal pressures or political or other factors are involved, could be imposed without regard to our causation of or contribution to the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. 
 
 34 

Federal state and local legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing, as well as governmental reviews of such activities, could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays and adversely affect our production. 
 Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water, sand or other propping agents and chemicals under pressure into rock formations to stimulate oil and gas production. We routinely use hydraulic fracturing to complete wells. The EPA released the final results of its comprehensive research study on the potential adverse impacts that hydraulic fracturing may have on drinking water resources in December 2016. The EPA concluded that hydraulic fracturing activities can impact drinking water resources under some circumstances, including large volume spills and inadequate mechanical integrity of wells. The results of the EPA s study could spur action towards federal legislation and regulation of hydraulic fracturing or similar production operations. In past sessions, Congress has considered, but did not pass, legislation to amend the SDWA to remove the SDWA s exemption granted to most hydraulic fracturing operations (other than operations using fluids containing diesel) and to require reporting and disclosure of chemicals used by oil and gas companies in the hydraulic fracturing process. The EPA has issued SDWA permitting guidance for hydraulic fracturing operations involving the use of diesel fuel in fracturing fluids in those states where the EPA is the permitting authority. The EPA has also issued proposed and final regulations under the CAA establishing performance standards, including standards for the capture of volatile organic compounds and methane released during hydraulic fracturing; an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking under the Toxic Substances Control Act to require companies to disclose information regarding the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing; and final rules in June 2016 to prohibit the discharge of wastewater from hydraulic fracturing operations to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants. In addition, a number of states and local regulatory authorities and federal politicians are considering or have implemented more stringent regulatory requirements applicable to hydraulic fracturing, including bans/moratoria on drilling that effectively prohibit further production of oil and gas through the use of hydraulic fracturing or similar operations. Texas has adopted regulations that require the disclosure of information regarding the substances used in the hydraulic fracturing process, and the RRC has also adopted rules governing well casing, cementing and other standards for ensuring that hydraulic fracturing operations do not contaminate nearby water resources. Moreover, the legal requirements related to the disposal of produced water into a non-producing geologic formation by means of underground injection wells are subject to change based on concerns of the public or governmental authorities regarding such disposal activities, and the RRC has recently limited certain disposal well activity resulting from an increase in seismic events in certain areas of Texas. In light of concerns about seismic activity being triggered by the injection of produced waters into underground wells, Texas regulators have asserted regulatory authority to limit injection activities in certain wells in an effort to reduce seismic activity. Another consequence of seismic events may be lawsuits alleging that disposal well operations have caused damage to neighboring properties or otherwise violated state and federal rules regulating waste disposal. These developments could result in additional regulation and restrictions on the use of injection wells by us. Increased regulation and attention given to induced seismicity could also lead to greater opposition, including litigation to limit or prohibit oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids activities utilizing injection wells for produced water disposal. 
 The adoption of new laws or regulations imposing reporting or operational obligations on, or otherwise limiting or prohibiting, the hydraulic fracturing process could make it more difficult to complete oil and gas wells in unconventional plays. In addition, if hydraulic fracturing becomes regulated at the federal level as a result of federal legislation or regulatory initiatives by the EPA, hydraulic fracturing activities could become subject to additional permitting requirements, and also to attendant permitting delays and potential increases in cost, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. These risks are likely to be enhanced with the Biden Administration. 
 Restrictions on drilling activities intended to protect certain species of wildlife or their habitat may adversely affect our ability to conduct drilling activities in some of the areas where we operate. 
 Various federal and state statutes prohibit certain actions that harm endangered or threatened species and their habitats, migratory birds, wetlands and natural resources. These statutes include the Endangered Species Act, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act, the Clean Water Act, CERCLA and the OPA. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service may designate critical habitat and suitable habitat areas that it believes are necessary for survival of threatened or endangered species. A critical habitat or suitable habitat designation could result in further material restrictions to federal land use and private land use and could delay or prohibit land access or oil and gas development. If harm to species or damages to wetlands, habitat or natural resources occur or may occur, government entities or, at times, private parties may act to prevent oil and gas exploration or development activities or seek damages for harm to species, habitat or natural resources resulting from drilling, construction or releases of oil, wastes, hazardous substances or other regulated materials, and in some cases, may seek criminal penalties. 
 35 

Our commitments and disclosures related to environmental and social matters expose us to numerous risks. 
 We have made, and will continue to make, commitments and disclosures related to environmental and social matters. Statements related to sustainability, diversity and other environmental and social goals, objectives and priorities reflect our current plans and do not constitute a guarantee that they will be achieved or fulfilled. Our efforts to research, establish, accomplish and accurately report on these goals, objectives and priorities expose us to numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks. In particular, our ability to achieve any stated goal, objective or priority, is subject to numerous factors and conditions, some of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include: (i) our access to capital, technology and third party cooperation in order to accomplish our plans and targets; (ii) the viability of new techniques in our development; and (iii) evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures. Standards for tracking and reporting on sustainability matters, including climate-related matters, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Our processes and controls for reporting sustainability matters may not always comply with evolving and disparate standards for identifying, measuring and reporting such metrics, including sustainability-related disclosures that may be required of public companies by the SEC, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals or ability to achieve such goals in the future. Our business may also face increased scrutiny from investors and other stakeholders related to our environmental and social activities, including the goals, objectives and priorities that we announce, and our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them. If our sustainability, diversity and other practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees and our attractiveness as an investment or business partner could be negatively affected. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our environmental and social goals, objectives and priorities, to comply with ethical, environmental or other standards, regulations or expectations, or to satisfy various reporting standards with respect to these matters, within the timelines we announce, or at all, could expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation, as well as adversely affect our business or reputation. 
 New climate disclosure rules proposed by the SEC may increase our costs of compliance and adversely impact our business. 
 On March 21, 2022, the SEC proposed new rules relating to the disclosure of a range of climate-related risks. We are currently assessing the proposed rule, but at this time cannot predict the costs of implementation or any potential adverse impacts resulting from the rule. According to the SEC s Fall 2022 regulatory agenda, the proposed climate disclosure rule is scheduled to be finalized in April 2023. To the extent this rule is finalized as proposed, we could incur increased costs relating to the assessment and disclosure of climate-related risks, including increased legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, as well as making some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and placing strain on our personnel, systems and resources. We may also face increased litigation risks related to disclosures made pursuant to the rule if finalized as proposed. In addition, enhanced climate disclosure requirements could accelerate the trend of certain stakeholders and lenders restricting or seeking more stringent conditions with respect to their investments in certain carbon-intensive sectors. 
 We may be involved in legal proceedings that could result in substantial liabilities. 
 Like many oil and gas companies, from time to time, we expect to be involved in various legal and other proceedings, such as title, royalty or contractual disputes, regulatory compliance matters and personal injury or property damage matters, in the ordinary course of business. Such legal proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted. Regardless of the outcome, such proceedings could have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel and other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in liability, penalties or sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees or orders requiring a change in our business practices, which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Accruals for such liability, penalties or sanctions may be insufficient, and judgments and estimates to determine accruals or range of losses related to legal and other proceedings could change from one period to the next, and such changes could be material. 
 
 36 

Tax-Related Risks 
 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 Our ability to utilize U.S. net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards to reduce future taxable income is subject to various limitations under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. As disclosed in Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, we have substantial NOL carryforwards. The utilization of such carryforwards may be limited upon the occurrence of certain ownership changes, including the purchase or sale of our stock by 5 shareholders and our offering of stock during any three-year period resulting in an aggregate change of more than 50 in our beneficial ownership. In the event of an ownership change, Section 382 of the Code imposes an annual limitation on the amount of our taxable income that can be offset by these carryforwards. As of December 31, 2022, we do not believe that an ownership change has occurred; however, to the extent an ownership change has occurred or were to occur in the future, it is possible that the limitations imposed on our ability to use pre-ownership change losses could cause a significant net increase in our U.S. federal income tax liability and could cause U.S. federal income taxes to be paid earlier than they otherwise would be paid if such limitations were not in effect. In addition, U.S. NOLs generated on or after January 1, 2018, can be limited to 80 of taxable income. To the extent we are not able to offset our future income with our NOLs, this could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows once we attain profitability. 
 Certain federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to oil and gas exploration and development may be eliminated. Additional state taxes on oil and gas extraction may be imposed, as a result of future legislation. 
 In recent years, lawmakers and the U.S. Treasury have proposed certain significant changes to U.S. tax laws applicable to oil and gas companies. These changes include, but are not limited to: (i) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties; (ii) the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling and development costs; and (iii) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. It is unclear whether any such changes will be enacted or if enacted, when such changes could be effective. If such proposed changes are ever made, as well as any similar changes in in U.S. federal tax law or state law, it could eliminate or postpone certain tax deductions that are currently available to us with respect to oil and gas exploration and development, and any such change could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Additionally, future legislation could be enacted that increases the taxes or fees imposed on oil and gas extraction. Any such legislation could result in increased operating costs and/or reduced consumer demand for petroleum products, which in turn could affect the prices we receive for our crude oil, NGLs and natural gas. 
 Technology-Related Risks 
 We may not be able to keep pace with technological developments in our industry. 
 The oil and gas industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological advancements and introductions of new products and services using new technologies. As others use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage, and competitive pressures may force us to implement those new technologies at substantial cost. In addition, other oil and gas companies may have greater financial, technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and may allow them to implement new technologies before we can. We may not be able to respond to these competitive pressures and implement new technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost. If one or more of the technologies we use now or in the future were to become obsolete or if we are unable to use the most advanced commercially available technology, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 A cybersecurity incident could result in theft of confidential information, data corruption or operational disruption. 
 The oil and gas industry is increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct certain exploration, development and production activities. Software programs are used for, among other things, reserve estimates, seismic interpretation, modeling and compliance reporting. In addition, the use of mobile communication is widespread. Increasingly, we must protect our business against potential cyber incidents including attacks as we have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal conduct of our business. 
 If our systems for protecting against cyber incidents prove insufficient, we could be adversely affected by unauthorized access to our digital systems which could result in theft of confidential information, data corruption or operational disruption. These cybersecurity threat actors are becoming more sophisticated and coordinated in their attempts to access a company s information technology systems and data, including the information technology systems of cloud providers and third parties with which a company conducts business. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify and enhance our protective systems or to investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities. 
 
 37 

Information technology solution failures, network disruptions and breaches of data security could disrupt our operations by causing delays or cancellation of customer orders, impeding processing of transactions and reporting financial results, resulting in the unintentional disclosure of customer, employee or our information, or damage to our reputation. A cyber attack involving our information systems and related infrastructure, or that of our business associates, could negatively impact our operations in a variety of ways, including but not limited to, the following: 
 Unauthorized access to seismic data, reserves information, strategic information, or other sensitive or proprietary information could have a negative impact on our ability to compete for oil and gas resources; 
 Data corruption, communication interruption, or other operational disruption during drilling activities could result in failure to reach the intended target or a drilling incident; 
 Data corruption or operational disruptions of production-related infrastructure could result in a loss of production, or accidental discharge; 
 A cyber attack on a vendor or service provider could result in supply chain disruptions which could delay or halt our major development projects; 
 A cyber attack on third-party gathering, pipeline, or other transportation systems could delay or prevent us from transporting and marketing our production, resulting in a loss of revenues; 
 A cyber attack involving commodities exchanges or financial institutions could slow or halt commodities trading, thus preventing us from marketing our production or engaging in hedging activities, resulting in a loss of revenues; 
 A cyber attack which halts activities at a power generation facility or refinery using natural gas as feed stock could have a significant impact on the natural gas market; 
 A cyber attack on a communications network or power grid could cause operational disruption resulting in loss of revenues; 
 A cyber attack on our automated and surveillance systems could cause a loss in production and potential environmental hazards; 
 A deliberate corruption of our financial or operating data could result in events of non-compliance which could then lead to regulatory fines or penalties; and 
 A cyber attack resulting in the loss or disclosure of, or damage to, our or any of our customer s or supplier s data or confidential information could harm our business by damaging our reputation, subjecting us to potential financial or legal liability, and requiring us to incur significant costs, including costs to repair or restore our systems and data or to take other remedial steps. 
 Additionally, certain cyber incidents may remain undetected for an extended period. There can be no assurance that a system failure or data security breach will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Furthermore, the growth of cyber attacks has resulted in evolving legal and compliance matters which impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 Juniper controls the Company, and their interests may conflict with the Company s and its other shareholders interests in the future. 
 As of March 3, 2023, Juniper beneficially owned approximately 54 of our Common Stock. As a result, Juniper is able to control the election and removal of our directors and thereby control our policies and operations and its interests may not in all cases be aligned with other shareholders interests. In addition, Juniper may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to other shareholders. For example, Juniper could cause us to make acquisitions that increase our indebtedness or cause us to sell revenue-generating assets. Additionally, Juniper and its designated directors are not obligated to present any business opportunities (other than those presented to such directors in their roles as directors of the Company) to us. 
 
 38 

In addition, Juniper is able to determine the outcome of many matters requiring shareholder approval and is able to cause or prevent a change of control of the Company or a change in the composition of our Board of Directors and could preclude any acquisition of the Company. This concentration of voting control could deprive shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares of Class A Common Stock as part of a sale of the Company and ultimately might affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 
 Moreover, Juniper has certain director designation rights entitling them to designate up to five members of the Board out of a total of nine directors, with such designation rights being subject to certain step-downs. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 
 Juniper controls a majority of the voting power of our Common Stock. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq and we are not required to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirement to have a majority of the board of directors be independent directors and the requirement to have compensation and nominating committees that are composed entirely of independent directors. While we have not elected to utilize these exemptions, in the future we could elect to do so. If we were to utilize any such exemptions, our shareholders would not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance rules for Nasdaq-listed companies. 
 Ranger Oil is a holding company. Ranger Oil s only material asset is its equity interest in the Partnership, and Ranger Oil is accordingly dependent upon distributions from the Partnership to pay taxes and cover its operating expenses and other obligations. 
 Ranger Oil is a holding company and has no material assets other than its equity interest in the Partnership. Ranger Oil has no independent means of generating revenue. To the extent the Partnership has available cash, Ranger Oil intends to cause the Partnership to make (i) pro rata distributions to its limited partners, including Ranger Oil, in an amount sufficient to allow Ranger Oil to pay its taxes and (ii) payments to Ranger Oil to cover its operating expenses and other obligations. To the extent that Ranger Oil needs funds and the Partnership or its subsidiaries are restricted from making such distributions or payments under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of any future financing arrangements, or are otherwise unable to provide such funds, Ranger Oil s liquidity and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Moreover, because Ranger Oil has no independent means of generating revenue, Ranger Oil s ability to pay dividends will be dependent on the ability of the Partnership to make cash distributions. This ability, in turn, may depend on the ability of the Partnership s subsidiaries to make distributions to it. The ability of the Partnership, its subsidiaries and other entities in which it directly or indirectly holds an equity interest to make such distributions will be subject to, among other things, (i) applicable laws or regulations that may limit the amount of funds available for distribution and (ii) restrictions in relevant debt instruments issued by the Partnership or its subsidiaries and other entities in which it directly or indirectly holds an equity interest. 
 In certain circumstances, the Partnership will be required to make tax distributions to its unitholders, including us, and the tax distributions that the Partnership will be required to make may be substantial. 
 Pursuant to the amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Partnership (the Partnership Agreement ), the Partnership will make generally pro rata cash distributions, or tax distributions, to its unitholders, including us, in an amount generally intended to allow the unitholders to satisfy their respective income tax liabilities with respect to their allocable share of the income of the Partnership, based on certain assumptions and conventions, provided that the distribution will be sufficient to allow us to satisfy our actual tax liabilities. Because tax distributions will be made pro rata based on ownership and based on an assumed tax rate, the Partnership could be required to make tax distributions that, in the aggregate, exceed the amount of taxes that the Partnership would have paid if it were taxed on its net income at its effective tax rate. 
 Funds used by the Partnership to satisfy its tax distribution obligations will not be available for reinvestment in the business. Moreover, the tax distributions the Partnership will be required to make may be substantial and may exceed the unitholder s tax liabilities if the unitholder has an overall effective tax rate that is lower than the assumed rate. 
 
 39 

Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may make it difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our Board and may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that some stockholders may consider beneficial. 
 Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control if our Board determines that such changes in control are not in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. The provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws include, among other things, those that: 
 authorize our Board to issue preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms, including preferences and voting rights, of those shares without stockholder approval 
 establish advance notice procedures for nominating directors or presenting matters at stockholder meetings and 
 limit the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders. 
 While these provisions have the effect of encouraging persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to negotiate with our Board, they could enable the Board to hinder or frustrate a transaction that some, or a majority, of the stockholders may believe to be in their best interests and, in that case, may prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. 
 Our Articles of Incorporation designate the U.S. Direct Court for the Eastern District of Virginia or the federal district courts for the United States of America as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. 
 Our Articles of Incorporation provide that, to the fullest extent required by law, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, (or, if U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia lacks subject matter jurisdiction, another state or federal court located within the Commonwealth of Virginia) is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company s shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Furthermore, under our Articles of Incorporation, the federal district courts for the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum for causes of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have received notice of and consented to the foregoing forum selection provision. This provision may limit our shareholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this choice of forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, prospects, or results of operations. 
 The market price of our Class A Common Stock is subject to volatility. 
 The market price of our Class A Common Stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, and the level of trading of our Class A Common Stock may be affected by, numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among other things, our limited trading volume, the concentration of holdings of our Class A Common Stock, actual or anticipated variations in our operating results and cash flow, the nature and content of our earnings releases, announcements or events that impact our products, customers, competitors or markets, business conditions in our markets and the general state of the securities markets and the market for energy-related stocks, as well as general economic and market conditions and other factors that may affect our future results, including those described in this report. Significant sales of our Class A Common Stock, or the expectation of these sales, by significant shareholders, officers or directors could materially and adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 40 

Our business and the trading prices of our securities could be negatively affected as a result of actions of so-called activist shareholders, and such activism could impact the trading value of our securities. 
 Shareholders may from time to time attempt to effect changes, engage in proxy solicitations or advance shareholder proposals. Activist shareholders may make strategic proposals, suggestions or requested changes concerning our operations, strategy, management, assets or other matters. If we become the subject of activity by activist shareholders, responding to such actions could be costly and time-consuming, diverting the attention of our management and employees. Furthermore, activist campaigns can create perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, strategy, or leadership and may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility. 
 There may be future sales or other dilution of our equity, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We are not restricted from issuing additional common stock, including securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent a right to receive, common stock. Any issuance of additional shares of our common stock or convertible securities will dilute the ownership interest of our common stockholders. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock or other equity-related securities in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We cannot predict the effect that future sales of our common stock or other equity-related securities would have on the market price of our common stock. 
 As of March 3, 2023, Juniper beneficially owned 22,548,998 shares of our Class B Common Stock and 22,548,998 common units in our Up-C partnership subsidiary, which are redeemable or exchangeable for 22,548,998 shares of our Class A Common Stock at the election of the holder for no additional consideration or, at our option, for cash. Juniper may decide to reduce its investment in the Company at any time. Pursuant to the Investor and Registration Rights Agreement with Juniper, at their election, we are required to assist them in a secondary offering of the sale of their securities. Any such sales of Class A Common Stock by Juniper, or expectations thereof, could have the effect of depressing the market price for our Class A Common Stock. 
 We cannot assure you that we will pay dividends on our Class A Common Stock, and our indebtedness could limit our ability to pay future dividends on our Class A Common Stock. 
 We declared cash dividends on our Class A Common Stock in the third and fourth quarters of 2022. Any determination to pay dividends to holders of our Class A Common Stock in the future will be subject to applicable law and at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, projections, liquidity, earnings, legal requirements, covenant compliance, restrictions in our existing and any future debt agreements and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. Our financing arrangements, including the Credit Facility, place certain direct and indirect restrictions on our ability to pay cash dividends. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will pay any dividends to holders of our Class A Common Stock or as to the amount of any such dividends, and we may cease such payments at any time in the future. In addition, our historical results of operations, including cash flows, are not indicative of future financial performance, and our actual results of operations could differ significantly from our historical results of operations. We have not adopted, and do not currently expect to adopt, a separate written dividend policy. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, our oil and gas assets were located in South Texas. 
 Facilities 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Houston, Texas. We also lease field office facilities near our oil and gas assets in South Texas. 
 Title to Oil and Gas Properties 
 Prior to completing an acquisition of producing oil and gas assets, we review title opinions on all material leases. As is customary in the oil and gas industry; however, we make a cursory review of title when we acquire farmout acreage or undeveloped oil and gas leases. Prior to the commencement of drilling operations, a thorough title examination is conducted. To the extent the title examination reflects defects, we cure such title defects. If we are unable to cure any title defect of a nature such that it would not be prudent to commence drilling operations on a property, we could suffer a loss of our investment in the property. Our oil and gas properties are subject to customary royalty interests, liens for debt obligations, current taxes and other burdens that we believe do not materially interfere with the use or materially affect the value of such properties. We believe that we have satisfactory title to all of our properties and the associated oil and gas in accordance with standards generally accepted in the oil and gas industry. 
 41 

Summary of Oil and Gas Reserves 
 Proved Reserves 
 The following tables summarize certain information regarding our estimated proved reserves as of December 31 for each of the years presented: 
 Crude Oil NGLs Natural Gas Oil Equivalents Standardized Measure PV-10 1 
 (MMbbl) (MMbbl) (Bcf) (MMboe) in millions in millions 2022 Developed Producing 68.0 18.3 102.1 103.4 Non-producing 1.9 0.8 4.5 3.4 69.9 19.1 106.6 106.8 Undeveloped 99.3 25.3 138.5 147.7 169.2 44.4 245.1 254.5 4,848.3 5,554.6 Price measurement used 93.67/bbl 35.42/bbl 6.36/MMBtu 2021 Developed Producing 59.9 16.4 94.0 92.0 Non-producing 0.1 0.1 60.0 16.4 94.0 92.1 Undeveloped 103.1 23.6 131.2 148.6 163.1 40.0 225.2 240.7 3,057.2 3,418.7 Price measurement used 66.57/bbl 22.99/bbl 3.60/MMBtu 2020 Developed Producing 36.4 8.0 37.6 50.6 Non-producing 36.4 8.0 37.6 50.6 Undeveloped 62.1 7.6 36.1 75.8 98.5 15.6 73.7 126.4 650.3 657.5 Price measurement used 39.54/bbl 7.51/bbl 1.99/MMBtu 
 _____________________________________________ 
 1 PV-10 represents a non-GAAP measure that is most directly comparable to the Standardized Measure as defined in GAAP. The Standardized Measure represents the discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves after future income taxes discounted at 10 in accordance with SEC criteria. PV-10 represents the Standardized Measure without regard to income taxes of 706.3 million, 361.5 million and 7.2 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We believe that PV-10 is a meaningful supplemental disclosure to the Standardized Measure as the PV-10 concept is widely used within the industry and by the financial and investment community to evaluate the proved reserves on a comparable basis across companies without regard to the individual owner s unique income tax position. We utilize PV-10 to evaluate the potential return on investment in our oil and gas properties as well as evaluating properties for potential purchases and sales. 
 A discussion and analysis of the changes in our total proved reserves and price measurements used is provided in Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Producing Activities (Unaudited) included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 42 

Proved Undeveloped Reserves 
 The proved undeveloped reserves included in our reserve estimates relate to wells that are forecasted to be drilled within the next five years. The following table sets forth the changes in our proved undeveloped reserves during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Crude Oil NGLs Natural Gas Oil Equivalents (MMbbl) (MMbbl) (Bcf) (MMboe) Proved undeveloped reserves at beginning of year 103.1 23.6 131.2 148.6 Revisions of previous estimates (33.6) (6.9) (39.8) (47.1) Extensions and discoveries 43.6 12.1 66.4 66.7 Purchase of reserves 2.0 0.4 1.8 2.7 Conversion to proved developed reserves (15.8) (3.9) (21.1) (23.2) Proved undeveloped reserves at end of year 99.3 25.3 138.5 147.7 
 In 2022, our proved undeveloped reserves decreased less than 1 primarily due to the conversion to proved developed reserves from the 2022 drilling program and negative revisions which was offset by inventory optimization on existing acreage and acquisitions. The optimization on existing acreage resulted in an increase to extensions and discoveries of 66.7 MMboe and the acquisitions increased reserves by 2.7 MMboe that was slightly offset by 34.3 MMboe of negative revisions due primarily to certain wells that are now beyond our five-year drilling window schedule. In addition, our revision of previous estimates reflect: (i) unfavorable revisions of 3.7 MMboe attributable to performance and pricing, (ii) unfavorable revisions of 9.1 MMboe attributable to changes in lateral lengths and type curves, and (iii) 23.2 MMboe transferred out of undeveloped to proved developed due to the 2022 drilling program. 
 During 2022, we incurred capital expenditures of 398.3 million attributable to drilling and completing 51 gross (42.8 net) wells in connection with the conversion of proved undeveloped reserves to proved developed reserves. Our conversion rates for quantities of proved undeveloped reserves were 16 , 16 and 12 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The conversion rate decline experienced in 2020 was adversely impacted by the temporary suspension of our drilling and completion program from April through September of 2020 in response to the economic downturn associated with the global COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Preparation of Reserves Estimates and Internal Controls 
 The proved reserve estimates were prepared by DeGolyer and MacNaughton, Inc., our independent third party petroleum engineers. For additional information regarding estimates of proved reserves and other information about our oil and gas reserves, see Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Producing Activities (Unaudited) in our notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and the report of DeGolyer and MacNaughton, Inc., dated February 2, 2023, which is included as an Exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our policies and practices regarding the recording of reserves are structured to objectively and accurately estimate our oil and gas reserve quantities and present values in compliance with the SEC s regulations and GAAP. Our Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer is primarily responsible for overseeing the preparation of the reserve estimate by DeGolyer and MacNaughton, Inc. Our Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer has over 26 years of industry experience in the estimation and evaluation of reserve information, holds a B.S. degree in Petroleum Engineering from the Colorado School of Mines and is registered by the States of Colorado and Wyoming as a Petroleum Engineer. Our internal controls over reserve estimates include reconciliation and review controls, including an independent internal review of assumptions used in the estimation. In addition to conducting these internal reviews and external reserves audits, we also have a Reserves Committee that consists of four members of our Board of Directors. This committee provides additional oversight of our reserves estimation and certification process. 
 There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of reserves and in projecting future rates of production and timing of development expenditures, including many factors beyond our control. For additional information about the risks inherent in our estimates of proved reserves, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Qualifications of Third Party Petroleum Engineers 
 The technical person primarily responsible for review of our reserve estimates at DeGolyer and MacNaughton, Inc. meets the requirements regarding qualifications, independence, objectivity and confidentiality set forth in the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers. DeGolyer and MacNaughton, Inc. is an independent firm of petroleum engineers, geologists, geophysicists and petrophysicists; they do not own an interest in our properties and are not employed on a contingent fee basis. 
 43 

Oil and Gas Production, Production Prices and Production Costs 
 Production Prices and Production Costs 
 The following table sets forth the average sales prices per unit of volume and our average production costs, not including ad valorem and production/severance taxes, per unit of sales volume for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Sales volume: Crude oil (Mbbl) 10,668 7,711 6,829 NGLs (Mbbl) 2,205 1,326 1,165 Natural gas (MMcf) 12,100 6,712 5,360 Total (Mboe) 14,890 10,155 8,887 Average prices: Crude oil /bbl) 94.04 67.09 36.86 NGLs /bbl) 30.59 25.23 7.68 Natural gas /Mcf) 5.86 3.89 1.88 Aggregate /boe) 76.67 56.80 30.47 Average production and lifting cost /boe): Lease operating 5.76 4.47 4.22 Gathering processing and transportation 2.46 2.33 2.48 8.22 6.80 6.70 
 Drilling and Other Exploratory and Development Activities 
 The following table sets forth the gross and net development wells that we completed and turned in line (regardless of when drilling was initiated), all of which were in the Eagle Ford in South Texas, during the years indicated and wells that were in progress at the end of each year. There were no exploratory wells drilled in any of the years presented. 
 2022 2021 2020 Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Development Productive 59 49.9 46 40.4 23 20.6 Dry hole Total 59 49.9 46 40.4 23 20.6 Wells in progress at end of year 1 
 15 13.6 12 10.4 7 6.3 
 _____________________________________________ 
 1 Includes 6 gross (5.4 net) wells completing, 4 gross (3.9 net) wells waiting on completion and 5 gross (4.3 net) wells being drilled as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 44 

Present Activities 
 As of March 3, 2023, 5 gross (4.3 net) wells were completing and 11 gross (10.0 net) wells were in progress. 
 Delivery Commitments 
 We generally sell our crude oil, NGL and natural gas products using short-term floating price physical and spot market contracts. We have commitments to provide minimum deliveries of crude oil of 8,000 gross barrels of oil per day through February 2031 under a gathering agreement and through February 2026 under a transportation agreement with Ironwood Shiner Pipeline, LLC, and through April 2026 under a marketing agreement with Ironwood Shiner Marketing, LLC. Our production and reserves are currently sufficient to fulfill the current 8,000 barrels of oil per day delivery commitment under these agreements. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information related to these commitments. 
 Productive Wells 
 The following table sets forth our productive wells in which we had a working interest as of December 31, 2022: 
 Oil Wells Natural Gas Wells Total Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Total productive wells 910 795.8 66 61.4 976 857.2 
 Of the total wells presented in the table above, we are the operator of 942 gross (877 oil and 65 natural gas) and 848.8 net (787.8 oil and 61.0 natural gas) wells. In addition to the above working interest wells, we own overriding royalty interests in 35 gross wells. 
 Acreage 
 The following table sets forth our developed and undeveloped acreage as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Developed Undeveloped Total Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Total acreage 124.5 106.9 64.4 55.2 188.9 162.1 
 The primary terms of our leases generally range from three to five years, and we do not have any concessions. As of December 31, 2022, our net undeveloped acreage is scheduled to expire as shown in the table below, unless the primary lease terms are, where appropriate, extended, HBP or otherwise changed (in thousands): 
 2023 2024 2025 Thereafter Expirations by year 2.9 2.4 2.0 
 We anticipate paying options to extend a substantial portion of the acreage scheduled to expire in 2023. We do not believe that the remaining scheduled expirations of our undeveloped acreage will substantially affect our ability or plans to conduct our exploration and development activities. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. We are not aware of any material legal or governmental proceedings against us, or threatened to be brought against us, under the various environmental protection statutes to which we are subject. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 45 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 From December 28, 2016 through October 18, 2021, our common stock was listed and traded on the Nasdaq under the symbol PVAC. In October 2021, we changed our name from Penn Virginia Corporation to Ranger Oil Corporation and our Class A Common Stock began trading under the symbol ROCC on October 18, 2021. 
 Equity Holders 
 As of March 3, 2023, there were 239 record holders of our Class A Common Stock and two record holders of our Class B Common Stock. There is no public market for our Class B Common Stock. 
 Dividends 
 In the third and fourth quarter of 2022, cash dividends of 0.075 per outstanding share were paid to the holders of our Class A Common Stock and a corresponding distribution was made to holders of Partnership Common Units. We funded all such dividends and corresponding distributions with available working capital and cash provided by operating activities. On March 3, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of per share of Class A Common Stock, payable on March 30, 2023 to holders of record of Class A Common Stock as of the close of business on March 17, 2023. We intend to continue paying dividends on our Class A Common Stock; however, the declaration of any future cash dividends and, if declared, the amount of any such dividends, will be subject to our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, financial covenants, applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Further, there are restrictions on our ability to pay dividends set forth under the Credit Facility and the Indenture. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters and Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for information regarding shares of common stock authorized for issuance under our stock compensation plans. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table summarizes our repurchase of equity securities during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid Per Unit Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 1 
 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 316,917 37.54 316,917 68,069,313 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 74,733 41.64 74,733 64,957,122 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 3,000 38.48 3,000 64,841,686 Total 394,650 38.32 394,650 64,841,686 
 _______________________ 
 1 On April 13, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, under which the Company was authorized to repurchase up to 100 million of its outstanding Class A Common Stock through March 31, 2023. On July 7, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an increase in the share repurchase program from 100 million to 140 million and extended the term of the program through June 30, 2023. The shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, through privately negotiated transactions, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. The timing, as well as the number and value of shares repurchased under the program, will be determined by the Company at its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including among other things, our earnings, liquidity, capital requirements, financial condition, management s assessment of the intrinsic value of the Class A Common Stock, the market price of the Company's Class A Common Stock, general market and economic conditions, available liquidity, compliance with the Company s debt and other agreements, applicable legal requirements and other factors deemed relevant and may be discontinued at any time. We do not intend to repurchase additional shares pending closing of the Baytex Merger. 
 46 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares our cumulative total shareholder return with the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor s 600 Oil Gas Exploration and Production Index and the Standard Poor s SmallCap 600 Index for the period from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock, in each index, and in the peer group (including reinvestment of dividends) was 100 on December 31, 2017 and tracks it through December 31, 2022. 

100 invested on 12/31/17 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Fiscal year ending December 31. 
 
 Copyright 2023 Standard Poor's, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 47 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. All dollar amounts presented in the tables that follow are in thousands unless otherwise indicated. Also, due to the combination of different units of volumetric measure, the number of decimal places presented and rounding, certain results may not calculate explicitly from the values presented in the tables. 
 This section of the Form 10-K discusses the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. On October 5, 2021, the Company acquired Lonestar Resources US Inc., a Delaware corporation Lonestar ), as a result of which Lonestar and its subsidiaries became wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company (the Lonestar Acquisition ). Results for the periods prior to October 5, 2021 reflect the financial and operating results of Ranger Oil and do not include the financial and operating results of Lonestar. As such, our historical results of operations are not comparable from period to period. The results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K are included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Overview and Executive Summary 
 We are an independent oil and gas company focused on the onshore development and production of crude oil, NGLs, and natural gas. Our current operations consist of drilling unconventional horizontal development wells and operating our producing wells in the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas. 
 Key Developments 
 Proposed Merger with Baytex 
 On February 27, 2023, we entered into the Merger Agreement for the Baytex Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each share of our Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Baytex Merger (including shares of our Class A Common Stock to be issued in connection with the exchange of the Class B Common Stock and Common Units for Class A Common Stock), will be converted automatically into the right to receive: (i) 7.49 Baytex common shares and (ii) 13.31 in cash. The transaction was unanimously approved by the board of directors of each company and JSTX and Rocky Creek delivered a support agreement to vote their outstanding shares in favor of the Baytex Merger. The Baytex Merger is expected to close late in the second quarter of 2023, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the requisite shareholder and regulatory approvals. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On April 13, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, under which the Company was authorized to repurchase up to 100 million of its outstanding Class A Common Stock through March 31, 2023. On July 7, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an increase in the share repurchase program from 100 million to 140 million and extended the term of the program through June 30, 2023. We do not intend to repurchase additional shares pending closing of the Baytex Merger. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 2,150,486 shares of our Class A Common Stock at a total cost of 75.2 million at an average purchase price of 34.95. Subsequent to December 31, 2022 through March 3, 2023, we repurchased an additional 121,857 shares of our Class A Common Stock at an average price of 39.52 for a total cost of 4.8 million. 
 See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information. 
 Dividends 
 On July 7, 2022 and November 2, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared cash dividends of 0.075 per share of Class A Common Stock. The dividends were paid on August 4, 2022 and November 28, 2022 to holders of record of Class A Common Stock as of the close of business on July 25, 2022 and November 16, 2022, respectively. Additionally, on March 3, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.075 per share of Class A Common Stock payable on March 30, 2023 to holders of record of Class A Common Stock as of the close of business on March 17, 2023. 
 
 48 

Recent Acquisitions 
 During 2022, we closed on several acquisitions of oil and gas producing properties in the Eagle Ford Shale, comprised of additional working interests in Ranger-operated wells and adjacent producing assets and undeveloped acreage for aggregate cash consideration totaling 137.5 million, including customary post-closing adjustments. 
 See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information on our acquisitions. 
 Increased Borrowing Base of Credit Facility 
 During 2022, the aggregate elected commitment amounts under the Credit Facility increased from 400 million to 500 million and our borrowing base increased to 950 million. 
 See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information on our debt. 
 Industry Environment and Recent Operating and Financial Highlights 
 Commodity Price and Other Economic Conditions 
 As an oil and gas development and production company, we are exposed to a number of risks and uncertainties that are inherent to our industry. 
 There continues to be a high level of uncertainty around the volatility of energy supply and demand. OPEC+ has recently changed its strategy from one which has seen gradually increasing production throughout 2021 and most of 2022 to one of drastically cutting production. In October 2022, OPEC+ announced its intent to decrease output targets by 2 Mbbls per day in November 2022, after increasing output target by 100,000 bbls per day in September 2022 and following the raising of output by 648,000 bbls per day in July and August 2022. Additionally, certain OPEC+ members are pumping below their targeted volumes under the current agreement. At the February 2023 meeting, OPEC+ reaffirmed the output targets agreed to in October 2022 and noted that would remain the policy moving forward in 2023. These shifts in OPEC+ production levels as well as the Russia-Ukraine war and related sanctions, which began in the first quarter of 2022, and continuing impact of the COVID-19 global public health crisis continue to contribute to volatility in commodity prices. During 2022, NYMEX West Texas Intermediate NYMEX WTI crude oil and NYMEX Henry Hub NYMEX HH natural gas prices ranged from highs of approximately 123 per bbl and over 9 per Mcf, respectively, to lows of approximately 71 per bbl and under 4 per Mcf, respectively, due to oil supply shortage concerns and factors discussed above. Higher commodity prices, along with the global supply chain issues and other factors, have increased inflation, which has led or may lead to increased costs of services and certain materials necessary for our operations. Governmental actions to combat inflation, including the Inflation Reduction Act passed into law in August 2022 as well as interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve and increased recession fears also continue to create pricing and economic volatility in the markets. The ultimate effect of these measures on inflation and overall energy supply and demand is uncertain at this time. 
 Our crude oil production is sold at a premium or deduct differential to the prevailing NYMEX WTI price. The differential reflects adjustments for location, quality and transportation and gathering costs, as applicable. All of our crude oil volumes are sold under Magellan East Houston MEH pricing, which historically has been at a premium to NYMEX WTI. 
 Similar to crude prices, natural gas prices remain volatile as a result of the Russia-Ukraine war and other factors discussed above, with NYMEX HH closing as low as 3.45 per Mcf and as high as 9.85 per Mcf during 2022. Subsequently, natural gas prices declined even further during 2023 with NYMEX HH closing as low as 2.08 per Mcf. Natural gas prices vary by region and locality, depending upon the distance to markets, availability of pipeline capacity, and supply and demand relationships in that region or locality. Similar to crude oil, our natural gas sold has a premium or deduct differential to the prevailing NYMEX HH price primarily due to adjustments for location and energy content of the natural gas. Location differentials result from variances in natural gas transportation costs based on the proximity of the natural gas to its major consuming markets that correspond with the ultimate delivery point as well as individual interaction of supply and demand. 
 A summary of these pricing differentials is provided in the discussion of Results of Operations Realized Differentials that follows. 
 In addition to the volatility of commodity prices, we are subject to inflationary and other factors that have resulted in higher costs for products, materials and services that we utilize in both our capital projects and with respect to our operating expenses. We continue to work with vendors and other service providers to secure competitive pricing and fixed pricing terms whenever favorable in an effort to resist inflationary pressures. However, supply chain constraints may continue and exacerbate inflationary demands in the future. 
 
 49 

Capital Expenditures, Development Progress and Production 
 As of December 31, 2022, we operated three drilling rigs and during the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred capital expenditures of approximately 524.6 million, of which 513.9 million was directed to drilling and completion projects. During the fourth quarter 2022, a total of 16 gross (14.6 net) wells were completed and turned to sales. As of March 3, 2023, we turned an additional 12 gross (11.1 net) wells to sales and 5 gross (4.3 net) wells were completing and 11 gross (10.0 net) wells were in progress. 
 As of March 3, 2023, we had approximately 187,700 gross (163,800 net) acres in the Eagle Ford Shale, net of expirations, of which approximately 95 is held by production. 
 Total sales volume for the fourth quarter 2022 was 4,069 Mboe, or 44,227 boe/d, with approximately 72 , or 2,916 Mbbls, of sales volume from crude oil, 15 from NGLs and 13 from natural gas. 
 Commodity Hedging Program 
 As of March 3, 2023, we have hedged a portion of our estimated future crude oil, NGL and natural gas production through the second quarter of 2024. The following table, inclusive of January and February 2023 production months, summarizes our net hedge position for the periods presented: 
 1Q2023 2Q2023 3Q2023 4Q2023 1Q2024 2Q2024 NYMEX WTI Crude Swaps Average Volume Per Day (bbl) 2,500 2,400 2,807 2,657 462 462 Weighted Average Swap Price /bbl) 54.40 54.26 54.92 54.93 58.75 58.75 NYMEX WTI Crude Collars Average Volume Per Day (bbl) 24,306 19,918 16,304 8,967 Weighted Average Purchased Put Price /bbl) 68.74 67.45 72.50 72.27 Weighted Average Sold Call Price /bbl) 83.87 78.70 88.35 87.57 MEH WTI CMA Crude Differential Swaps Average Volume Per Day (bbl) 7,778 13,187 Weighted Average Swap Price /bbl) 2.03 2.03 NYMEX HH Swaps Average Volume Per Day (MMBtu) 10,000 7,500 Weighted Average Swap Price /MMBtu) 3.620 3.690 NYMEX HH Collars Average Volume Per Day (MMBtu) 14,617 11,538 11,413 11,413 11,538 11,538 Weighted Average Purchased Put Price /MMBtu) 6.561 2.500 2.500 2.500 2.500 2.328 Weighted Average Sold Call Price /MMBtu) 12.334 2.682 2.682 2.682 3.650 3.000 HSC Basis Swaps Average Volume Per Day (MMBtu) 24,617 19,038 11,413 11,413 HSC Basis Average Fixed Price /MMBtu) (0.153) (0.153) (0.153) (0.153) OPIS Mt. Belvieu Ethane Swaps Average Volume per Day (gal) 98,901 34,239 34,239 34,615 Weighted Average Fixed Price /gal) 0.2288 0.2275 0.2275 0.2275 
 
 50 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain historical summary operating and financial statistics for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2021 2022 2021 Total sales volume (Mboe) 1 
 4,069 3,921 3,702 14,890 10,155 Average daily sales volume (boe/d) 1 
 44,227 42,624 40,236 40,793 27,822 Crude oil sales volume (Mbbl) 1 
 2,916 2,822 2,532 10,668 7,711 Crude oil sold as a percent of total 1 
 72 72 68 72 76 Product revenues 268,455 304,105 224,594 1,141,603 576,824 Crude oil revenues 240,397 262,537 191,079 1,003,255 517,301 Crude oil revenues as a percent of total 90 86 85 88 90 Realized prices: Crude oil /bbl) 82.46 93.03 75.48 94.04 67.09 NGLs /bbl) 21.75 31.97 29.91 30.59 25.23 Natural gas /Mcf) 4.53 7.41 4.54 5.86 3.89 Aggregate /boe) 65.98 77.55 60.67 76.67 56.80 Realized prices, including effects of derivatives, net 2 
 Crude oil /bbl) 76.43 83.14 64.50 79.53 56.15 NGLs /bbl) 21.17 30.67 29.91 29.70 24.86 Natural gas /Mcf) 2.76 4.26 2.99 3.74 3.01 Aggregate /boe) 60.15 67.76 51.77 64.42 47.87 Production and lifting costs: Lease operating /boe) 6.06 6.15 4.38 5.76 4.47 Gathering, processing and transportation /boe) 2.27 2.50 2.19 2.46 2.33 Production and ad valorem taxes /boe) 3.63 4.26 3.05 4.12 3.06 General and administrative /boe) 3 
 2.64 2.51 9.57 2.75 6.55 Depreciation, depletion and amortization /boe) 17.96 16.88 12.97 16.42 12.96 
 _____________________________________________ 
 1 All volumetric statistics presented above represent volumes of commodity production that were sold during the periods presented. Volumes of crude oil physically produced in excess of volumes sold are placed in temporary storage to be sold in subsequent periods. 
 2 Realized prices, including effects of derivatives, net is a non-GAAP measure (see discussion and reconciliation to GAAP measure below in Results of Operations Effects of Derivatives that follows). 
 3 Includes combined amounts of 0.07, 0.48, and 7.57 per boe for the three months ended December 31, 2022, September 30, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively, and 0.49 and 3.92 per boe for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, attributable to share-based compensation and certain special charges, comprised of organizational restructuring, including severance and acquisition, integration and strategic transaction costs, including costs attributable to the Lonestar Acquisition during those periods, the Juniper Transactions during the year ended 2021 as well as costs attributable to our 2022 acquisitions in the 2022 periods as described in the discussion of Results of Operations General and Administrative that follows. 

51 

Sequential Quarterly Analysis 
 The following summarizes our key operating and financial highlights for the three months ended December 31, 2022 with comparison to the three months ended September 30, 2022. The year-over-year highlights for 2022 and 2021 are addressed in the discussions that follow below in Year over Year Analysis of Operating and Financial Results . 
 Daily sales volume and total sales volume increased approximately 4 to 44,227 boe/d and 4,069 Mboe, respectively, for the three months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 42,624 boe/d and 3,921 Mboe for the three months ended September 30, 2022. The increase was primarily due to 14.6 net wells turned to sales during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Product revenues decreased 12 to 268.5 million from 304.1 million as a result of 15 lower aggregate realized prices, partially offset by 4 higher total sales volumes. Crude oil revenues were 8 lower due primarily to 11 lower crude oil prices, or 30.8 million, partially offset by 3 higher volume, or 8.7 million. NGL revenues decreased 29 due to 32 lower prices, or 6.2 million, partially offset by 4 higher volume, or 0.8 million. Natural gas revenues decreased 35 due to 39 lower prices, or 9.4 million, partially offset by 6 higher volume, or 1.3 million. 
 Lease operating expenses LOE increased slightly on an absolute basis to 24.7 million from 24.1 million primarily driven by 1.3 million of increased water disposal costs, partially offset by 0.8 million associated with less workover activity. LOE decreased on a per unit basis to 6.06 from 6.15 due to the effects of the 4 higher sales volume discussed above. 
 Gathering, processing and transportation expenses GPT decreased on an absolute and per unit basis to 9.2 million and 2.27 per boe, respectively, from 9.8 million and 2.50 per boe, respectively, due to lower GPT costs from lower prices for crude oil and natural gas. For certain of our crude oil volumes gathered, our rate includes an adjustment based on NYMEX WTI prices. As crude oil prices increase, up to a cap of 90 per bbl, the gathering rate escalates. As such, with the lower prices during the three months ended December 31, 2022 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022, we incurred lower gathering costs associated with these volumes which caused a corresponding decrease on a per unit basis. 
 Production and ad valorem taxes decreased on an absolute basis to 14.8 million from 16.7 million and decreased on a per unit basis to 3.63 per boe from 4.26 per boe, respectively, due primarily to lower product revenues driven by lower aggregated realized prices, despite higher volumes. 
 General and administrative expenses G A increased on an absolute and per unit basis to 10.7 million and 2.64 per boe from 9.8 million and 2.51 per boe, respectively, due primarily to 1.2 million increase in compensation costs and 0.3 million increase in information technology costs, partially offset by 0.4 million in lower insurance costs and 0.2 million lower consulting and professional fees. 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization DD A increased on an absolute and per unit basis to 73.1 million and 17.96 per boe during the fourth quarter 2022 from 66.2 million and 16.88 per boe due during the third quarter 2022 primarily due to increased future development costs associated with proved reserve additions that were at a higher relative cost per boe as compared to third quarter 2022. 
 
 52 

Year over Year Analysis of Operating and Financial Results 
 Sales Volume 
 The following tables set forth a summary of our total and average daily sales volumes by product for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, Total Sales Volume 1 
 2022 2021 Change Change Crude oil (Mbbl) 
 10,668 7,711 2,957 38 NGLs (Mbbl) 
 2,205 1,326 879 66 Natural gas (MMcf) 12,100 6,712 5,388 80 Total (Mboe) 
 14,890 10,155 4,735 47 Year Ended December 31, Average Daily Sales Volume 1 
 2022 2021 Change Change Crude oil (bbl/d) 
 29,227 21,125 8,102 38 NGLs (bbl/d) 
 6,041 3,632 2,409 66 Natural gas (MMcf/d) 
 33 18 15 83 Total (boe/d) 
 40,793 27,822 12,971 47 
 _____________________________________________ 
 1 All volumetric statistics represent volumes of commodity production that were actually sold during the periods presented. Volumes of crude oil physically produced in excess of volumes sold are placed in temporary storage to be sold in subsequent periods. 
 2022 vs. 2021 . Total sales volume increased 47 during 2022 compared to 2021 primarily driven by the Lonestar Acquisition that closed in October 2021 as well as the other asset acquisitions that closed in 2022 and increased drilling activity. 
 During 2022, total crude oil sales volume was approximately 72 of total sales volume compared to approximately 76 during 2021. The decrease in crude oil composition of total sales volume during 2022 is due primarily to higher gas content of the wells acquired in the Lonestar Acquisition in 2021. 
 Product Revenues and Prices 
 The following tables set forth a summary of our revenues and prices per unit of volume by product for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, Total Product Revenues 2022 2021 Change Change Crude oil 1,003,255 517,301 485,954 94 NGLs 67,453 33,443 34,010 102 Natural gas 70,895 26,080 44,815 172 Total 1,141,603 576,824 564,779 98 Year Ended December 31, Realized Prices per unit of volume) 
 2022 2021 Change Change Crude oil 94.04 67.09 26.95 40 NGLs 30.59 25.23 5.36 21 Natural gas 5.86 3.89 1.97 51 Total 76.67 56.80 19.87 35 
 53 

The following table provides an analysis of the changes in our revenues for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Revenue Variance Due to Volume Price Total Crude oil 198,394 287,560 485,954 NGLs 22,188 11,822 34,010 Natural gas 20,935 23,880 44,815 241,517 323,262 564,779 
 2022 vs. 2021 . Our product revenues increased during 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to significantly higher prices stemming from macroeconomic factors and volatility in the global commodity markets as a result of continued economic recovery, as well as supply concerns resulting from the Russia-Ukraine war. These factors resulted in an increase to the NYMEX WTI benchmark price of 38 for 2022 as compared to 2021. Also contributing to the higher product revenues was an increase in volumes across commodities as discussed above, with overall increase in Mboe of 47 for 2022. Total crude oil revenues were approximately 88 and 90 of our total product revenues during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Realized Differentials 
 The following table reconciles our realized price differentials from average NYMEX-quoted prices for WTI crude oil and HH natural gas for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Average WTI prices /bbl) 94.33 68.11 26.22 38 Realized differential to WTI (0.29) (1.02) 0.73 72 Realized crude oil prices /bbl) 94.04 67.09 26.95 40 Average HH prices /MMBtu) 6.38 3.82 2.56 67 Realized differential to HH (0.52) 0.07 (0.59) (843) Realized natural gas prices /Mcf) 5.86 3.89 1.97 51 
 Our differential to NYMEX WTI for 2022 improved by 72 compared to 2021 due to more favorable NYMEX Calendar Month Average contractual pricing and more favorable pricing negotiated with certain crude purchasers effective early in first quarter 2022. Our differential to NYMEX HH was negatively impacted for 2022 as compared to 2021 due to more unfavorable location basis differentials. See also the discussion of Commodity Price and Other Economic Conditions in the Overview above. 
 54 

Effects of Derivatives 
 We present realized prices for crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, as adjusted for the effects of derivatives, net as we believe these measures are useful to management and stakeholders in determining the effectiveness of our price-risk management program that is designed to reduce the volatility associated with our operations. Realized prices for crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, as adjusted for the effects of derivatives, net, are supplemental financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table presents the calculation of our non-GAAP realized prices for crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, as adjusted for the effect of derivatives, net and reconciles to realized prices for crude oil, NGLs and natural gas determined in accordance with GAAP: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Realized crude oil prices /bbl) 94.04 67.09 26.95 40 Effects of derivatives, net /bbl) (14.51) (10.94) (3.57) (33) Crude oil realized prices, including effects of derivatives, net /bbl) 79.53 56.15 23.38 42 Realized NGL prices /bbl) 30.59 25.23 5.36 21 Effects of derivatives, net /bbl) (0.89) (0.37) (0.52) (141) NGL realized prices, including effects of derivatives, net /bbl) 29.70 24.86 4.84 19 Realized natural gas prices /Mcf) 5.86 3.89 1.97 51 Effects of derivatives, net /Mcf) (2.12) (0.88) (1.24) (141) Natural gas realized prices, including effects of derivatives, net /Mcf) 3.74 3.01 0.73 24 
 Effects of derivatives, net include, as applicable to the period presented: (i) current period commodity derivative settlements; (ii) the impact of option premiums paid or received in prior periods related to current period production; (iii) the impact of prior period cash settlements of early-terminated derivatives originally designated to settle against current period production; (iv) the exclusion of option premiums paid or received in current period related to future period production; and (v) the exclusion of the impact of current period cash settlements for early-terminated derivatives originally designated to settle against future period production. 
 Other Operating Income, Net 
 Other operating income, net, includes fees for marketing and water disposal services that we charge to third parties, net of related expenses, as well as other miscellaneous revenues and credits attributable to our current operations and gains and losses on the sale or disposition of assets other than our oil and gas properties. In addition, charges attributable to credit losses associated with our trade and joint venture partner receivables are netted within this caption. 
 The following table sets forth the total Other operating income, net recognized for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Other operating income, net 3,586 2,667 919 34 
 2022 vs. 2021 . Our marketing fee income increased in 2022 as compared to 2021 due primarily to higher commodity-based pricing, higher water disposal fees in 2022 due to higher sales volumes, gains on sales of field materials and fixed assets in 2022, partially offset by higher credit losses in 2022 and miscellaneous income recognized in 2021. 
 
 55 

Lease Operating Expenses 
 LOE include costs that we incur to operate our producing wells and field operations. The most significant costs include compression for gas lift, chemicals, water disposal, repairs and maintenance, including down-hole repairs, field labor, equipment rentals, utilities and supplies, among others. 
 The following table sets forth our LOE for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Lease operating 85,792 45,402 40,390 89 Per unit /boe) 5.76 4.47 1.29 29 
 2022 vs. 2021 . LOE increased on an absolute basis and per unit basis during 2022 when compared to 2021 due primarily to the Lonestar Acquisition and the other asset acquisitions that closed in 2022, increased workover activity and higher fuel, service and equipment costs driven by higher sales volume coupled with inflationary pressures throughout 2022. 
 Gathering, Processing and Transportation 
 GPT expense includes costs that we incur to gather and aggregate our crude oil and natural gas production from our wells and deliver them via pipeline or truck to a central delivery point, downstream pipelines or processing plants, and blend or process, as necessary, depending upon the type of production and the specific contractual arrangements that we have with the applicable midstream operators. In addition, GPT expense includes short-term rental charges for crude oil storage tanks. 
 The following table sets forth our GPT expense for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change GPT 36,698 23,647 13,051 55 Per unit /boe) 2.46 2.33 0.13 6 
 2022 vs. 2021 . GPT expense increased on an absolute basis during 2022 as compared to 2021 due primarily to the Lonestar Acquisition and the other asset acquisitions that closed in 2022, which contributed to 80 higher natural gas sales volumes and 38 higher crude oil sales volumes for 2022. Additionally, for certain of our crude oil volumes gathered, our rate includes an adjustment based on NYMEX WTI prices. As crude oil prices increase, up to a cap of 90 per bbl, the gathering rate escalates. As such, with the higher prices during 2022 as compared to 2021, we incurred higher gathering costs associated with these volumes which caused a corresponding increase on a per unit basis. These unfavorable variances were partially offset by the effects of an increase in the mix of crude oil volume sold at the wellhead, including the majority of crude oil volumes from the acquired Lonestar wells, which reduces transportation costs and cost per unit. 
 Production and Ad Valorem Taxes 
 Production or severance taxes represent taxes imposed by the states in which we operate for the removal of resources including crude oil, NGLs and natural gas. Ad valorem taxes represent taxes imposed by certain jurisdictions, primarily counties, in which we operate, based on the assessed value of our operating properties. The assessments for ad valorem taxes are generally based on published index prices. 
 The following table sets forth our production and ad valorem taxes for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Production/severance taxes 52,737 27,246 25,491 94 Ad valorem taxes 8,640 3,795 4,845 128 Production/severance and ad valorem taxes 61,377 31,041 30,336 98 Per unit /boe) 4.12 3.06 1.06 35 Production/severance tax rate as a percent of product revenues 4.6 4.7 (0.1) (2) 
 2022 vs. 2021 . Production and ad valorem taxes increased on an absolute basis and per unit basis during 2022 when compared to 2021 due primarily to the impact of higher volumes from the Lonestar Acquisition and other asset acquisitions that closed in 2022. Additionally, production taxes increased on an absolute and per unit basis due to higher aggregate commodity sales prices during 2022. Our accruals for ad valorem taxes are based on our most recent estimates for assessments which increased from the lower property values in 2021. 
 56 

General and Administrative 
 Our G A expenses include employee compensation, benefits and other related costs for our corporate management and governance functions, rent and occupancy costs for our corporate facilities, insurance, and professional fees and consulting costs supporting various corporate-level functions, among others. In order to facilitate a meaningful discussion and analysis of our results of operations with respect to G A expenses, we have disaggregated certain costs into three components as presented in the table below. Primary G A encompasses all G A costs except share-based compensation and certain special charges that are generally attributable to stand-alone transactions or corporate actions that are not otherwise in the normal course. 
 The following table sets forth the components of G A expenses for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Primary G A expenses 33,661 26,753 6,908 26 Share-based compensation 1 
 5,554 15,589 (10,035) (64) Special charges: Organizational restructuring, including severance 2 
 (1,152) 367 (1,519) (414) Acquisition/integration and strategic transaction costs 2,909 23,820 (20,911) (88) Total G A expenses 40,972 66,529 (25,557) (38) Per unit /boe) 2.75 6.55 (3.80) (58) Per unit /boe) excluding share-based compensation and other special charges identified above 2.26 2.63 (0.37) (14) 
 _____________________________________________ 
 1 Share-based compensation for the year ended December 31, 2021 included 10.4 million related to the Lonestar Acquisition. See Note 4 and Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further details. 
 2 Organizational restructuring, including severance for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulted in a benefit for the period as it relates to an accrual acquired in connection with the Lonestar Acquisition. 
 2022 vs. 2021 . Our primary G A expenses increased on an absolute basis during 2022 compared to 2021. The increase for 2022 compared to 2021 is due primarily to increased headcount following the Lonestar Acquisition and the impact of bonuses and salary increases in 2022. Primary G A expenses decreased on a per unit basis due to higher overall sales volumes in 2022. 
 Our total G A expenses were lower on an absolute and per unit basis during 2022 compared to 2021 due to lower acquisition and integration related costs associated with the Juniper Transactions and the Lonestar Acquisition and lower share-based compensation costs as discussed below, partially offset by the aforementioned increased headcount and salaries. 
 Share-based compensation charges during the periods presented are attributable to the amortization of compensation cost, net of forfeitures, associated with the grants of time-vested restricted stock units RSUs ), and performance-based restricted stock units PRSUs ). The grants of RSUs and PRSUs are described in greater detail in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . As a result of the Juniper Transactions, substantially all of the RSUs granted before 2019 vested and an incremental charge of approximately 1.9 million was recorded during the first quarter 2021. Additionally, as a result of the Lonestar Acquisition, certain RSUs of Lonestar employees and directors vested at closing and 10.4 million was recorded as share-based compensation related to these vestings in the fourth quarter 2021 (see table above). All of our share-based compensation represents non-cash expenses. 
 Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization (DD A) 
 DD A expense includes charges for the allocation of property costs based on the volume of production, depreciation of fixed assets other than oil and gas assets as well as the accretion of our ARO liabilities. 
 The following table sets forth total and per unit costs for DD A expense for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change DD A expense 244,455 131,657 112,798 86 DD A rate /boe) 16.42 12.96 3.46 27 
 2022 vs. 2021 . DD A expense increased on an absolute and a per unit basis during 2022 when compared to 2021. Higher production volume provided for an increase of 61.4 million while higher DD A rates in 2022 provided for an increase of 51.5 million. The higher DD A rate in 2022 was primarily due to the Lonestar Acquisition and other asset acquisitions that closed in 2022, which contributed to an increase in our total proved reserves at a higher relative cost per boe coupled with increased future development costs associated with proved reserve additions as compared to 2021. 
 57 

Impairment of Oil and Gas Properties 
 We assess our oil and gas properties on a quarterly basis based on the results of a Ceiling Test in accordance with the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas properties. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Impairments of oil and gas properties 1,811 (1,811) (100) 
 2022 vs. 2021 . We did not record an impairment of our oil and gas properties during 2022 compared to an impairment of 1.8 million recorded in the first quarter 2021. The impairment in 2021 was the result of the decline in the twelve-month average prices of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas as indicated by the respective quarterly Ceiling Test under the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas properties. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more discussion. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense for 2022 includes charges for outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility derived from internationally recognized interest rates with a premium based on our credit profile and the level of credit outstanding and the contractual rate associated with the 9.25 Senior Notes due 2026. Also included are the amortization of issuance costs capitalized attributable to the Credit Facility and the 9.25 Senior Notes due 2026 and accretion of original issue discount OID on the 9.25 Senior Notes due 2026. 
 Interest expense for the periods in 2021 includes charges for outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility and the Second Lien Credit Agreement, dated September 29, 2017 (the Second Lien Term Loan which was repaid in full in October 2021, as well as amortization of their respective issuance costs capitalized. Also included is the accretion of OID on the Second Lien Term Loan. 
 In addition, we are assessed certain fees for the overall credit commitments provided to us as well as fees for credit utilization and letters of credit. These costs are partially offset by interest amounts that we capitalize on unproved property costs while we are engaged in the evaluation of projects for the underlying acreage. 
 The following table summarizes the components of our interest expense for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Interest on borrowings and related fees 49,729 34,029 15,700 46 Amortization of debt issuance costs 2,861 2,248 613 27 Accretion of original issue discount 665 487 178 37 Capitalized interest (4,324) (3,603) (721) 20 Total interest expense, net of capitalized interest 48,931 33,161 15,770 48 
 2022 vs. 2021 . The increase in interest expense during 2022 is primarily attributable to interest incurred in the amount of 36.6 million for the 9.25 Senior Notes due 2026 and 11.8 million for the Credit Facility compared to interest incurred in 2021 of 15.0 million for the 9.25 Senior Notes due 2026, 10.6 million for the Second Lien Term Loan and 7.7 million for the Credit Facility as well as increased amortization of OID and debt issuance costs in 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021. These increases are partially offset by increased capitalized interest during 2022, driven by higher overall weighted-average interest rates in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 
 58 

Derivatives 
 The gains and losses for our derivatives portfolio reflect changes in the fair value attributable to changes in market values relative to our hedged commodity prices and interest rates. 
 The following table summarizes the gains and (losses) attributable to our commodity derivatives portfolio and interest rate swaps for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Commodity derivative losses (162,736) (136,997) (25,739) 19 Interest rate swap gains (losses) 64 (2) 66 (3300) Total (162,672) (136,999) (25,673) 19 
 2022 vs. 2021 . In 2022, commodity prices were significantly higher on an average aggregate basis than those during 2021. Accordingly, the derivative losses in 2022 and 2021 reflect the decline in the mark-to-market values consistent with the increase in prices attributable to open positions. Realized settlement payments, net for crude oil, NGL and natural gas derivatives were 182.0 million during 2022 as compared to realized settlement payments, net of 77.1 million during 2021. Through May 2022, we hedged a portion of our exposure to variable interest rates associated with our Credit Facility and, during 2021, our Second Lien Term Loan. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any interest rate derivatives. During 2022 and 2021, we paid 1.4 million and 3.8 million of net settlements from our interest rate swaps, respectively. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes represent our income tax provision as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. It considers taxes attributable to our obligations for federal taxes under the Internal Revenue Code as well as to the various states in which we operate, primarily Texas, or otherwise have continuing involvement. 
 The following table summarizes our income tax provision for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Income tax expense (4,186) (1,560) (2,626) 168 Effective tax rate (0.9) (1.6) 0.7 (44) 
 2022 . The income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes a deferred state tax expense of 3.4 million attributable to property and equipment and 0.8 million of current state expense attributable to the Texas margin tax for the year ended December 31, 2022. The federal portion was fully offset by an adjustment to the valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets resulting in an effective tax rate of 0.9 , which is fully attributable to the State of Texas. Our net deferred income tax liability balance of 6.2 million as of December 31, 2022 is also fully attributable to the State of Texas and primarily related to property. 
 2021 . The income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes a deferred state tax expense of 1.2 million attributable to property and equipment and 0.3 million of current state expense attributable to the Texas margin tax for the year ended December 31, 2021. The federal portion was fully offset by an adjustment to the valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets resulting in an effective tax rate of 1.6 , which was fully attributable to the State of Texas. 
 59 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of liquidity include our cash on hand, cash provided by operating activities and borrowings under the Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, we had liquidity of 291.6 million, comprised of cash and cash equivalents of 7.6 million and availability under our Credit Facility of 284.0 million (factoring in letters of credit). The Credit Facility provides us up to 1.0 billion in borrowing commitments. The current borrowing base under the Credit Facility is 950 million with aggregate elected commitments of 500 million. 
 Our cash flows from operating activities are subject to significant volatility due to changes in commodity prices for crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, as well as variations in our production. The prices for these commodities are driven by a number of factors beyond our control, including global and regional product supply and demand, weather, product distribution, refining and processing capacity and other supply chain dynamics, among other factors. All of these factors have been impacted by the volatility and uncertainty in the global economic markets stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent recovery, the Russia-Ukraine war, OPEC+ production decisions and related instability in the global energy markets, as well as inflationary pressures and recession fears that impact demand. In order to mitigate this volatility, we utilize derivative contracts with a number of financial institutions, all of which are participants in our Credit Facility, hedging a portion of our estimated future crude oil, NGLs and natural gas production through the first half of 2024. The level of our hedging activity and duration of the financial instruments employed depends on our desired cash flow protection, available hedge prices, the magnitude of our capital program and our operating strategy. 
 From time to time and under market conditions that we believe are favorable to us, we may consider capital market transactions, including the offering of debt and equity securities. We maintain an effective shelf registration statement to allow for optionality. 
 Capital Resources 
 Based upon current price and production expectations, we believe that our cash on hand, cash from operating activities and borrowings under our Credit Facility, as necessary, will be sufficient to fund our capital spending and operations for at least the next twelve months; however, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables including the length and magnitude of the current global economic uncertainties associated with continued volatility and related instability in the global energy markets. We plan to fund our 2023 capital expenditures and our operations primarily with cash on hand, cash from operating activities and, to the extent necessary, supplemental borrowings under the Credit Facility. 
 Additionally, we have other obligations primarily consisting of our outstanding debt principal and interest obligations, derivative instruments, service agreements, operating leases, and asset retirement and environmental obligations, all of which are customary in our business. See Commitments and Contingencies summarized below, as well as Note 9 and Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more details related to these obligations. The Partnership is also required in certain circumstances to make certain tax distributions to its partners, which may impact cash flow from operations for the Company, as discussed below under Tax Distributions. 
 Dividends 
 On July 7, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared an inaugural cash dividend of 0.075 per share of Class A Common Stock and on November 2, 2022, a second cash dividend was declared of 0.075 per share of Class A Common Stock. The related dividends were paid on August 4, 2022 and November 28, 2022 to holders of record of Class A Common Stock as of the close of business on July 25, 2022 and November 16, 2022, respectively. In connection with any dividend, Ranger s operating subsidiary will also make a corresponding distribution to its common unitholders. During 2022, the dividends to the holders of our Class A Common Stock and distribution to common unitholders totaled 6.3 million in the aggregate. Additionally, on March 3, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.075 per share of Class A Common Stock payable on March 30, 2023 to holders of record of Class A Common Stock as of the close of business on March 17, 2023. We expect to fund dividends and distributions from available working capital and cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 60 

Share Repurchase Program 
 In April 2022, we announced that the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program under which we were authorized to repurchase up to 100 million of outstanding Class A Common Stock through March 31, 2023. Subsequently on July 7, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an increase in the share repurchase program from 100 million to 140 million and extended the term of the program through June 30, 2023. We do not intend to repurchase additional shares pending closing of the Baytex Merger. 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022 through March 3, 2023, we repurchased an additional 121,857 shares of our Class A Common Stock at an average price of 39.52 for a total cost of 4.8 million. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law and imposes a 1 excise tax on the repurchase of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations. The excise tax is effective for stock repurchases after December 31, 2022. We are currently evaluating the impacts, if any, of this provision to our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Tax Distributions 
 Under its Partnership Agreement, the Partnership is required to make distributions to all of its limited partners pro rata on a quarterly basis and in such amounts as necessary to enable the Company to timely satisfy all of its U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. tax liabilities. Additionally, the Partnership is required to make advances to its non-corporate partners in an amount sufficient to enable such partner to timely satisfy its U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. tax liabilities (a Tax Advance ). Any such Tax Advance will be treated as an advance against and, therefore, reduce any future distributions that such partner is otherwise entitled to receive. The Company s cash flow from operations and ability to pay cash dividends to our stockholders could be adversely impacted as a result of such cash distributions. Whether and how much Tax Advances are required to be paid is dependent upon the amount and timing of taxable income generated in the future that is allocable to partners and the federal tax rates then applicable. The Partnership was not required to make Tax Advances for the year ended December 31, 2022. At this time we are unable to assess whether the Partnership will be required to make Tax Advances for the year ending December 31, 2023 or in future years. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 675,430 289,025 Net cash used in investing activities (606,598) (245,174) Net cash used in financing activities (84,921) (33,190) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (16,089) 10,661 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities . The increase of 386.4 million in net cash from operating activities for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to the effect of 2022 cash receipts that were derived from higher average prices and higher total sales volume, partially offset by higher net payments for commodity derivatives settlements and premiums. Additionally, during 2021, there were higher acquisition, integration and strategic transaction costs and executive restructuring costs, including severance payments. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities . Our cash payments for capital expenditures were higher during 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to significantly increased development program in 2022 along with higher drilling and completion costs associated with inflation. Additionally, our cash flow from investing activities was impacted by cash paid for oil and gas property acquisitions which closed in 2022. 
 The following table sets forth costs related to our capital expenditure program for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Drilling and completion 513,943 263,936 Lease acquisitions, land-related costs, and geological and geophysical (seismic) costs 7,188 3,773 Pipeline, gathering facilities and other equipment, net 1 
 3,440 (1,252) Total capital expenditures incurred 524,571 266,457 
 __________________________________________________________________________________ 
 1 Includes certain capital charges to our working interest partners for completion services. 
 61 

The following table reconciles the total costs of our capital expenditure program with the net cash paid for capital expenditures as reported in our consolidated statements of cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Total capital expenditures program costs (from above) 524,571 266,457 Increase in accounts payable for capital items and accrued capitalized costs (46,616) (16,726) Net purchases of tubular inventory and well materials 1 
 3,043 3,388 Prepayments for drilling and completion services, net of (transfers) (9,125) (4,018) Capitalized internal labor, capitalized interest and other 9,613 7,242 Total cash paid for capital expenditures 481,486 256,343 
 __________________________________________________________________________________ 
 1 Includes purchases made in advance of drilling. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities . During 2022, we had borrowings of 610.0 million and repayments of 603.0 million under the Credit Facility and 75.2 million of share repurchases. During 2021, we received net proceeds of 396.1 million from the offering of the 9.25 Senior Notes due 2026 and 151.2 million from the issuance of equity in connection with the Juniper Transactions (See Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information). The proceeds from these transactions were primarily used to: (i) repay and discharge 249.6 million of Lonestar s outstanding long-term debt in connection with the Lonestar Acquisition, (ii) repay the 200 million Second Lien Term Loan, (iii) repay 80.5 million under the Credit Facility, and (iv) pay 9.3 million of transaction and issue costs related to the Juniper Transactions. Additionally, during 2021, we had borrowings of 70.0 million and additional repayments of 95.9 million under the Credit Facility and paid 14.4 million in debt issuance costs. 
 Capitalization 
 The following table summarizes our total capitalization as of the dates presented: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Credit Facility borrowings 215,000 208,000 9.25 Senior Notes due 2026, net 388,839 386,427 Mortgage debt 1 
 8,438 Other 2 
 238 2,516 Total debt, net 604,077 605,381 Total equity 1,057,022 669,508 Total capitalization 1,661,099 1,274,889 Debt as a of total capitalization 36 47 
 __________________________________________________________________________________ 
 1 The mortgage debt at December 31, 2021 related to the corporate office building and related other assets acquired in connection with the Lonestar Acquisition for which assets were held as collateral for such debt. As of December 31, 2021, these assets were classified as Assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheets in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. In July 2022, the mortgage debt was fully repaid in connection with the sale of the corporate office building. See Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information on the sale. 
 2 Other debt of 2.2 million at December 31, 2021 was extinguished during 2022 and recorded as a gain on extinguishment of debt on the consolidated statements of operations in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. . 
 Credit Facility . As of December 31, 2022, the Credit Facility had a 1.0 billion revolving commitment and a 950 million borrowing base, with aggregate elected commitments of 500 million and a 25 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. The borrowing base under the Credit Facility is redetermined semi-annually, generally in the Spring and Fall of each year. Additionally, we and the Credit Facility lenders may, upon request, initiate a redetermination at any time during the six-month period between scheduled redeterminations. The Credit Facility is available to us for general corporate purposes including working capital. We had 1.0 million and 0.9 million in letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The maturity date under the Credit Facility is October 6, 2025. 
 
 62 

The outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to, at our option, either (a) a customary reference rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.50 to 2.50 , determined based on the utilization level under the Credit Facility or (b) effective June 1, 2022, a term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR reference rate (a Eurodollar rate, including LIBOR prior to June 1, 2022), plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.50 to 3.50 , determined based on the utilization level under the Credit Facility. Interest on reference rate borrowings is payable quarterly in arrears and is computed on the basis of a year of 365/366 days, and interest on SOFR borrowings is payable every one, three or six months, at our election, and is computed on the basis of a year of 360 days. At December 31, 2022, the actual weighted-average interest rate on the outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility was 7.25 . Unused commitment fees are charged at a rate of 0.50 . 
 The following table summarizes our borrowing activity under the Credit Facility for the periods presented: 
 Borrowings Outstanding End of Period Weighted- Average Maximum Weighted- Average Rate Three months ended December 31, 2022 215,000 260,978 292,000 6.91 Year ended December 31, 2022 215,000 219,345 301,000 5.25 
 The Credit Facility is guaranteed by all of the subsidiaries of the borrower (the Guarantor Subsidiaries ), except for Boland Building, LLC. The guarantees under the Credit Facility are full and unconditional and joint and several. Substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by the Guarantor Subsidiaries. There are no significant restrictions on the ability of the borrower or any of the Guarantor Subsidiaries to obtain funds through dividends, advances or loans. The obligations under the Credit Facility are secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of our subsidiaries assets. 
 9.25 Senior Notes due 2026 . On August 10, 2021, our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary completed an offering of 400 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2026 (the 9.25 Senior Notes due 2026 that bear interest at 9.25 and were sold at 99.018 of par. Obligations under the 9.25 Senior Notes due 2026 were assumed by ROCC Holdings, LLC (formerly, Penn Virginia Holdings, LLC, hereinafter referred to as Holdings ), as borrower, and are guaranteed by the subsidiaries of Holdings that guarantee the Credit Facility. 
 Covenant Compliance . The Credit Facility requires us to maintain (1) a minimum current ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility, which considers the unused portion of the total commitment as a current asset) of 1.00 to 1.00 and (2) a maximum leverage ratio (consolidated indebtedness to EBITDAX, each as defined in the Credit Facility), in each case measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of 3.50 to 1.00. 
 The Credit Facility and the Indenture contain customary affirmative and negative covenants as well as events of default and remedies. If we do not comply with the financial and other covenants in the Credit Facility, the lenders may, subject to customary cure rights, require immediate payment of all amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants. 
 See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information on our debt. 
 63 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 Long-Term Debt 
 We have long-term debt obligations that have various maturities and interest rates. For information on our debt obligations, see Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more details. 
 Leases 
 We have various non-cancelable operating leases in connection with the leases of our office facilities and equipment. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information. 
 Gathering and Intermediate Transportation Commitments 
 We have agreements for gathering and intermediate pipeline transportation services for our crude oil and condensate production. For further details on these agreements, see Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 We have asset retirement obligations AROs that primarily relate to the plugging and abandonment of oil and gas wells. For information on our AROs, see Note 8 and Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The process of preparing financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and judgments regarding certain items and transactions. It is possible that materially different amounts could be recorded if these estimates and judgments change or if the actual results differ from these estimates and judgments. We consider the following to be the most critical accounting estimates requiring judgment of our management. 
 Oil and Gas Reserves 
 Estimates of our oil and gas reserves are the most critical estimate included in our consolidated financial statements. Reserve estimates become the basis for determining depletive write-off rates and the recoverability of historical cost investments. There are many uncertainties inherent in estimating crude oil, NGL and natural gas reserve quantities, including projecting the total quantities in place, future production rates and the amount and timing of future development expenditures. In addition, reserve estimates of new discoveries are less precise than those of producing properties due to the lack of a production history. Accordingly, these estimates are subject to change as additional information becomes available. 
 There are several factors which could change the estimates of our oil and gas reserves. Significant rises or declines in commodity product prices as well as changes in our drilling plans could lead to changes in the amount of reserves as production activities become more or less economical. An additional factor that could result in a change of recorded reserves is the reservoir decline rates differing from those assumed when the reserves were initially recorded. Estimation of future production and development costs is also subject to change partially due to factors beyond our control, such as energy costs and inflation or deflation of oil field service costs. 
 Oil and Gas Properties 
 We apply the full cost method to account for our oil and gas properties. Under this method, all productive and nonproductive costs incurred in the exploration, development and acquisition of oil and gas reserves are capitalized. Such costs may be incurred both prior to and after the acquisition of a property and include lease acquisitions, geological and geophysical, or seismic, drilling, completion and equipment costs. Internal costs incurred that are directly attributable to exploration, development and acquisition activities undertaken by us for our own account, and which are not attributable to production, general corporate overhead or similar activities are also capitalized. Future development costs are estimated on a property-by-property basis based on current economic conditions and are amortized as a component of DD A. 
 
 64 

Unproved properties not being amortized include unevaluated leasehold costs and associated capitalized interest. These costs are reviewed quarterly to determine whether or not and to what extent proved reserves have been assigned to a property or if an impairment has occurred due to lease expirations, general economic conditions and other factors, in which case, the related costs along with associated capitalized interest are reclassified to the proved oil and gas properties subject to DD A. Factors we consider in our assessment include drilling results, the terms of oil and gas leases not held by production and drilling and completion capital expenditures consistent with our plans. 
 At the end of each quarterly reporting period, the unamortized cost of our oil and gas properties, net of deferred income taxes, is limited to the sum of the estimated after-tax discounted future net revenues from proved properties adjusted for costs excluded from amortization and related income taxes, or a Ceiling Test. The estimated after-tax discounted future net revenues are determined using the prior 12-month s average price based on closing prices on the first day of each month, adjusted for differentials, discounted at 10 . The calculation of the Ceiling Test and provision for DD A are based on estimates of proved reserves. There are significant uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves and projecting future rates of production, timing and plan of development. We had no impairments of our proved oil and gas properties during 2022. During the first quarter of 2021, the carrying value of our proved oil and gas properties exceeded the limit determined by the Ceiling Test, resulting in a 1.8 million impairment. There were no other such impairments during 2021. During 2020, the carrying value of our proved oil and gas properties exceeded the limit determined by the Ceiling Test in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2020, resulting in a total of 391.8 million of impairment charges recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Derivative Activities 
 We utilize derivative instruments, typically swaps, put options and call options which are placed with financial institutions that we believe are acceptable credit risks, to mitigate our financial exposure to commodity price volatility associated with anticipated sales of our future production and, at times, volatility in interest rates attributable to our variable rate debt instruments. All derivative instruments are recognized in our consolidated financial statements at fair value with the changes recorded currently in earnings. We determine the fair values of our commodity derivative instruments using industry-standard models that consider various assumptions including current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, implied volatilities, time value and non-performance risk. All derivative transactions are subject to our risk management policy, which has been reviewed and approved by our board of directors. 
 Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 
 We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized after consideration of expected future taxable income and reasonable tax planning strategies. In the event that we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or a part of our deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance had not been established, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset will be reflected in income in the period such determination is made. The most significant matter applicable to the realization of our deferred tax assets is attributable to net operating losses at the federal level as well as certain states in which we operate. Estimates of future taxable income inherently reflect a significant degree of uncertainty. As of December 31, 2022, we believe it is more likely than not that we will not have sufficient future taxable income to realize the benefit of our gross deferred tax assets and, accordingly, have maintained a full valuation allowance. 
 Determination of Fair Value in Business Combinations 
 Accounting for the acquisition of a business requires allocation of the purchase price to the various assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair values. The determination of fair value requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, and in making these determinations management uses all available information. If necessary, we have up to one year after the acquisition closing date to finalize these fair value determinations. For assets acquired in a business combination, the determination of fair value utilizes several valuation methodologies including discounted cash flows, which has assumptions with respect to the timing and amount of future revenue and expenses associated with an asset, and in the case of oil and gas companies, these as they relate to the reserves associated with its oil and gas properties. The assumptions made in performing these valuations include, but are not limited to, discount rate, future revenues and operating costs, projections of capital costs, and other assumptions believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants. Due to the specialized nature of these calculations, we engage third-party specialists to assist management in evaluating our assumptions as well as appropriately measuring the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
 65 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. The principal market risks to which we are exposed are interest rate risk and commodity price risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our interest rate risk is attributable to our borrowings under the Credit Facility, which is subject to variable interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowings of 215.0 million under the Credit Facility at an interest rate of 7.25 . Assuming a constant borrowing level under the Credit Facility, an increase (decrease) in the interest rate of 1 would result in an increase (decrease) in aggregate interest expense of approximately 2.2 million on an annual basis. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We produce and sell crude oil, NGLs and natural gas. As a result, our financial results are affected when prices for these commodities fluctuate. Our price risk management programs permit the utilization of derivative financial instruments (such as collars and swaps) to seek to mitigate the price risks associated with fluctuations in commodity prices as they relate to a portion of our anticipated production. The derivative instruments are placed with major financial institutions that we believe are of acceptable credit risk. The fair values of our derivative instruments are significantly affected by fluctuations in the prices of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our commodity derivative portfolio was in a net liability position in the amount of 41.3 million. The contracts associated with this position are with seven counterparties, all of which are investment grade financial institutions. This concentration may impact our overall credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that these counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions. We have neither paid to, nor received from, our counterparties any cash collateral in connection with our derivative positions. Furthermore, our derivative contracts are not subject to margin calls or similar accelerations. No significant uncertainties exist related to the collectability of amounts that may be owed to us by these counterparties. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported a net commodity derivative loss of 162.7 million. We have experienced and could continue to experience significant changes in the estimate of derivative gains or losses recognized due to fluctuations in the value of our derivative instruments. Our results of operations are affected by the volatility of unrealized gains and losses and changes in fair value, which fluctuate with changes in crude oil, NGL and natural gas prices. These fluctuations could be significant in a volatile pricing environment. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a further description of our commodity price risk management activities. 
 The following table illustrates the estimated impact on the fair values of our derivative financial instruments and operating income attributable to hypothetical changes in the underlying crude oil prices. This illustration assumes that crude oil production volumes, NGL prices and production volumes, and natural gas prices and production volumes remain constant at anticipated levels. The estimated changes in operating income exclude potential cash receipts or payments in settling these derivative positions. 
 Change of 10 per bbl of Crude Oil in millions) Increase Decrease Effect on the fair value of crude oil derivatives 1 
 (36.8) 36.3 Effect on 2023 operating income, excluding derivatives 2 
 67.3 (50.4) 
 _____________________________________________ 
 1 Based on derivatives outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 2 Based on our 2023 Business Plan consistent with the assumptions used to determine our proved reserves as disclosed in Item 2, Properties Summary of Oil and Gas Reserves . These sensitivities are subject to significant change. 
 66 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 RANGER OIL CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Numb e r 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 72 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 75 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 76 
 Note 1 Organization and Description of Business 
 76 
 Note 2 Basis of Presentation 
 76 
 Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 76 
 Note 4 Transactions 
 81 
 Note 5 Revenue Recognition 
 84 
 Note 6 Derivative Instruments 
 85 
 Note 7 Property and Equipment, Net 
 88 
 Note 8 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 89 
 Note 9 Long-Term Debt 
 89 
 Note 10 Income Taxes 
 91 
 Note 11 Leases 
 92 
 Note 12 Supplemental Balance Sheet Detail 
 94 
 Note 13 Fair Value Measurements 
 95 
 Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies 
 96 
 Note 15 Shareholders Equity 
 98 
 Note 16 Share-Based Compensation and Other Benefit Plans 
 100 
 Note 17 Earnings Per Share 
 103 
 Note 18 Subsequent Events 
 103 
 Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Producing Activities (unaudited) 
 104 

67 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Ranger Oil Corporation 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ranger Oil Corporation (a Virginia corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated March 9, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 The development of estimated proved reserves used in the calculation of depletion, depreciation, and amortization expense under the full cost method of accounting. 
 As described further in note 3 to the financial statements, the Company accounts for its oil and gas properties using the full cost method of accounting which requires management to make estimates of proved reserve volumes and future net revenues to record depletion, depreciation, and amortization expense. To estimate the volume of proved reserves and future net revenue, management makes significant estimates and assumptions including forecasting the production decline rate of producing properties and forecasting the timing and volume of production associated with the Company s development plan for proved undeveloped properties. In addition, the estimation of proved reserves is also impacted by management s judgments and estimates regarding the financial performance of wells associated with proved reserves to determine if wells are expected with reasonable certainty to be economical under the appropriate pricing assumptions required in the estimation of depletion, depreciation and amortization expense. We identified the estimation of proved reserves of oil and gas properties as a critical audit matter. 
 
 68 

The principal consideration for our determination that the estimation of proved reserves is a critical audit matter is that changes in certain inputs and assumptions necessary to estimate the volumes and future net revenues of the Company s proved reserves require a high degree of subjectivity and could have a significant impact on the measurement of depletion, depreciation, and amortization expense. In turn, auditing those inputs and assumptions required subjective and complex auditor judgment. 
 Our audit procedures related to the estimation of proved reserves included the following, among others. 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls relating to management s estimation of proved reserves for the purpose of measuring depletion, depreciation, and amortization expense. 
 We evaluated the independence, objectivity, and professional qualifications of the Company s reserve engineers, made inquiries of those specialists regarding the process followed and judgments made to estimate the Company s proved reserve volumes, and read the reserve report prepared by the Company s specialists. 
 To the extent key inputs and assumptions used to determine proved reserve volumes and other cash flow inputs and assumptions are derived from the Company s accounting records, including, but not limited to historical pricing differentials, operating costs, estimated capital costs, and ownership interests, we tested management s process for determining the assumptions, including examining the underlying support on a sample basis. Specifically, our audit procedures involved testing management s assumptions by performing the following: 
 We compared the estimated pricing differentials used in the reserve report to realized prices related to revenue transactions recorded in the current year and examined contractual support for the pricing differentials. 
 We tested models used to estimate the future operating costs in the reserve report and compared amounts to historical operating costs. 
 We evaluated the method used to determine the future capital costs and compared estimated future capital expenditures used in the reserve report to amounts expended for recently drilled and completed wells to ascertain its reasonableness. 
 We tested the working and net revenue interests used in the reserve report by inspecting land and division order records. 
 We evaluated the Company s evidence supporting the amount of proved undeveloped properties reflected in the reserve report by examining historical conversion rates and support for the Company s ability and intent to develop the proved undeveloped properties. 
 We applied analytical procedures to the forecasted reserve report production by comparing to historical actual results and to the prior year reserve report. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 69 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Ranger Oil Corporation 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Ranger Oil Corporation (a Virginia corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 9, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 9, 2023 
 70 

RANGER OIL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues and other Crude oil Natural gas liquids Natural gas Other operating income, net Total revenues and other Operating expenses Lease operating Gathering, processing and transportation Production and ad valorem taxes General and administrative Depreciation, depletion and amortization Impairments of oil and gas properties Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense) Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized ) ) ) Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt ) Derivatives gains (losses) ) ) Other, net ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net income (loss) ) Net income attributable to Noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Class A common shareholders ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to Class A common shareholders: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average shares outstanding basic Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

RANGER OIL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in pension and postretirement obligations, net of tax 1 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Net income attributable to Noncontrolling interest ) ) Other comprehensive income attributable to Noncontrolling interest 1 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Class A common shareholders ) 
 ___________________________________________ 
 1 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

RANGER OIL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses Derivative assets Prepaid and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property and equipment, net Derivative assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Derivative liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes Derivative liabilities Other non-current liabilities Long-term debt, net Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 Equity Preferred stock of par value shares authorized; issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Class A common stock of par value shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Class B common stock of par value shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Ranger Oil shareholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

RANGER OIL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt ) Depreciation, depletion and amortization Impairments of oil and gas properties Derivative contracts: Net losses (gains) ) Cash settlements and premiums (paid) received, net ) ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Non-cash interest expense Share-based compensation Other, net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Other assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Acquisitions of oil and gas properties ) Cash acquired in Lonestar Acquisition Proceeds from sales of assets, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from credit facility borrowings Repayments of credit facility borrowings ) ) ) Repayments of second lien term loan ) Proceeds from Senior Notes due 2026, net of discount 
 Repayments of acquired debt ) ) Payments for share repurchases ) Distributions to Noncontrolling interest ) Dividends paid ) Proceeds from redeemable common units Proceeds from redeemable preferred stock Transaction costs paid on behalf of Noncontrolling interest ) Issuance costs paid for Noncontrolling interest securities ) Withholding taxes for share-based compensation ) ) ) Debt issuance costs paid ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents end of period Supplemental disclosures: Cash paid for: Interest, net of amounts capitalized Income tax refunds, net of payments ) Non-cash investing and financing activities: Changes in property and equipment related to capital contributions ) Changes in accrued liabilities related to capital expenditures ) Change in property and equipment related to acquisitions ) Equity and replacement awards issued as consideration in the Lonestar Acquisition 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

RANGER OIL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 Shares 1 
 Preferred Shares Outstanding Class A Common Shares / Common Shares Outstanding Class B Common Shares Outstanding Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock / Common Stock Class B Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) Net loss ) ) Restricted stock unit vesting ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ) ) Common stock issued related to share-based compensation and other, net ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Net income Issuance of preferred stock Issuance of Noncontrolling interest ) Conversion of preferred stock into common stock 1 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock related to the Lonestar Acquisition 2 
 Change in ownership related to the Lonestar Acquisition ) Common stock issued related to share-based compensation and other, net Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Net income Repurchase of Class A Common Stock ) ) ) ) Change in ownership, net ) Distributions to Noncontrolling interest ) ) Dividends declared per share of Class A common stock) 
 ) ) Common stock issued related to share-based compensation and other, net ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 __________________________________________________________________________________ 
 1 In October 2021, the Company effected a recapitalization, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company s common stock was renamed and reclassified as Class A common stock, par value per share Class A Common Stock ), a new class of capital stock of the Company, Class B Common Stock, par value per share Class B Common Stock was authorized, and the designation of the Series A Preferred Stock was cancelled. See Note 15 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 2 Includes million attributed to pre-combination services for replacement awards issued in connection with the Lonestar Acquisition. See Note 4 and Note 16 for further details. 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

RANGER OIL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts or where otherwise indicated) 

segment, which is the development and production of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas. 
 On January 15, 2021 (the Juniper Closing Date ), the Company consummated the transactions (collectively, the Juniper Transactions contemplated by: (i) the Contribution Agreement, dated November 2, 2020, by and among the Company, ROCC Energy Holdings, L.P. (formerly PV Energy Holdings, L.P., the Partnership and JSTX Holdings, LLC JSTX ), an affiliate of Juniper Capital Advisors, L.P. Juniper Capital and, together with JSTX and Rocky Creek Resources, LLC, Juniper and (ii) the Contribution Agreement, dated November 2, 2020 (the Contribution Agreement ), by and among Rocky Creek Resources, LLC, an affiliate of Juniper Capital Rocky Creek ), the Company and the Partnership pursuant to which Juniper contributed million in cash and certain oil and gas assets in South Texas in exchange for equity. See Note 3 and Note 4 for further discussion. 

-for-one basis in exchange for shares of Class A Common Stock or, if the Partnership elects, cash based on the 5-day average volume-weighted closing price for the Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the redemption. In determining whether to make a cash election, the Company would consider the interests of the holders of the Class A Common Stock, the Company s financial condition, results of operations, earnings, projections, liquidity and capital requirements, management s assessment of the intrinsic value of the Class A Common Stock, the trading price of the Class A Common Stock, legal requirements, covenant compliance, restrictions in the Company s debt agreements and other factors it deems relevant. 
 76 

controlling interest in the GP (which, accordingly, is acting as an agent on behalf of the Company). This conclusion was based on a qualitative analysis that considered the Partnership s governance structure and the GP s control over operations of the Partnership. The GP manages the business and affairs of the Partnership, including key Partnership decision-making, and the limited partners do not possess any substantive participating or kick-out rights that would allow Juniper to block or participate in certain operational and financial decisions that most significantly impact the Partnership s economic performance or that would remove the GP. As such, because the Company has both power and benefits in the Partnership, the Company determined it is the primary beneficiary of the Partnership and consolidates the Partnership in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company reflects the noncontrolling interest in the consolidated financial statements based on the proportion of Common Units owned by Juniper relative to the total number of Common Units outstanding. The noncontrolling interest is presented as a component of equity in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and represents the ownership interest held by Juniper in the Partnership (the Noncontrolling interest ). 
 Common Units, representing a limited partner interest in the Partnership, and Juniper owned Common Units, representing the remaining limited partner interest. As of December 31, 2021, the Company owned Common Units, representing a limited partner interest in the Partnership, and Juniper owned Common Units, representing the remaining limited partner interest. During the year ended December 31, 2022, changes in the ownership interests were the result of share repurchases and issuances of Class A Common Stock in connection with the vesting of employees share-based compensation. See Note 15 for information regarding share repurchases and Note 16 for vesting of share-based compensation. 
 When the Company s relative ownership interest in the Partnership changes, adjustments to Noncontrolling interest and Paid-in capital, tax effected, will occur. Because these changes in the ownership interest in the Partnership do not result in a change of control, the transactions are accounted for as equity transactions under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 810, Consolidation , which requires that any differences between the carrying value of the Company s basis in the Partnership and the fair value of the consideration received are recognized directly in equity and attributed to the controlling interest. Additionally, based on the Partnership Agreement, there are no substantive profit sharing arrangements that would cause distributions to be other than pro rata. Therefore, profits and losses are attributed to the Class A common shareholders and the Noncontrolling interest pro rata based on ownership interests in the Partnership. 
 
 77 

to years and Other property and equipment three to years. 
 
 78 

, our secured incremental borrowing rate is primarily based on the rates applicable to our Credit Facility. 
 We have lease arrangements that include lease and certain non-lease components, including amounts for related taxes, insurance, common area maintenance and similar terms. We apply a practical expedient provided in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 842, Leases , to not separate the lease and non-lease components. Accordingly, the ROU assets and lease obligations for such leases will include the present value of the estimated payments for the non-lease components over the lease term. 
 Certain of our lease arrangements with contractual terms of 12 months or less are classified as short-term leases and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Accordingly, we do not include the underlying ROU assets and lease obligations on our consolidated balance sheets. The associated costs are aggregated with all of our other lease arrangements and are disclosed in the tables in Note 11. 
 Certain of our lease arrangements result in variable lease payments which, in accordance with ASC Topic 842, do not give rise to lease obligations. Rather, the basis and terms and conditions upon which such variable lease payments are determined are disclosed in Note 11. 
 
 79 

80 

million, including customary post-closing adjustments. These transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions. 
 Asset Disposition 
 On July 22, 2022, we closed on the sale of the corporate office building and related assets acquired in connection with the Lonestar Acquisition (defined below) that were classified as Assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. Gross proceeds were million and total net proceeds were million after netting costs to sell of approximately million and payoff of the related mortgage debt and accrued interest of million. 
 2021 
 Acquisition of Lonestar Resources 
 On October 5, 2021 (the Closing Date ), the Company acquired Lonestar Resources US Inc., a Delaware corporation Lonestar ), as a result of which Lonestar and its subsidiaries became wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company (the Lonestar Acquisition ). The Lonestar Acquisition was effected pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated July 10, 2021, by and between the Company and Lonestar. In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, Lonestar shareholders received shares of the Company s common stock for each share of Lonestar common stock held immediately prior to the effective time of the Lonestar Acquisition. Based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on October 5, 2021 of , the total value of the Company s common stock issued to holders of Lonestar common stock, warrants and restricted stock units as applicable, was approximately million. 
 The Lonestar Acquisition constituted a business combination and was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, with Ranger Oil being treated as the accounting acquirer. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of Lonestar and its subsidiaries were recorded at their respective fair values as of the date of completion of the Lonestar Acquisition. The Company completed the purchase price allocation during the third quarter of 2022. 
 81 

Less: Replacement awards attributable to post-combination compensation cost 2 
 ) Total consideration transferred Assets: Other current assets Proved oil and gas properties ARO asset Corporate office building and related assets 3 
 Other property and equipment Other non-current assets Total assets acquired Liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Derivative liabilities 4 
 Asset retirement obligations Long-term debt Total liabilities assumed Net Assets Acquired __________________________________________________________________________________ 
 1 Includes the fair value of the replacement equity awards to the extent services were provided by employees of Lonestar prior to closing of million. See Note 16 for additional information about the replacement equity awards. 
 2 Represents the fair value of the replacement equity awards considered post-combination services. See Note 16 for further details. 
 3 As of December 31, 2021, these assets met the held for sale criteria and were classified as Assets held for sale on the respective consolidated balance sheet. 
 4 Immediately following the Lonestar Acquisition, we paid approximately million to restructure certain of Lonestar s derivatives which were novated or terminated. We reset the majority of the swaps to reflect then current market pricing. 
 For the period from the closing date of the Lonestar Acquisition on October 5, 2021 through December 31, 2021, approximately million of revenues and million of direct operating expenses were included in the Company s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Lonestar Acquisition-Related Expenses 
 Employee severance and related costs Replacement awards stock-based compensation costs Integration and rebranding costs Total acquisition-related expenses 
 Employee severance and related costs primarily related to one-time severance and change-in-control compensation costs. Replacement awards stock-based compensation costs related to the accelerated vesting of certain Lonestar share-based awards for former Lonestar employees and directors based on the terms of the Merger Agreement and change-in-control provisions within the former Lonestar employment agreements. 
 82 

Net income (loss) attributable to Class A common shareholders ) 
 Juniper Transactions 
 On the Juniper Closing Date, (i) pursuant to the terms of the Contribution Agreement, JSTX contributed to the Partnership, as a capital contribution, million in cash in exchange for newly issued Common Units and the Company issued to JSTX shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share, of the Company Series A Preferred Stock (now Class B Common Stock as discussed below) at a price equal to the par value of the shares acquired, and (ii) pursuant to the terms of the Asset Agreement, including certain closing adjustments based on a September 1, 2020 effective date (the Effective Date ), Rocky Creek contributed to our operating subsidiary certain oil and gas assets in exchange for newly issued Common Units and the Company issued to Rocky Creek shares of Series A Preferred Stock Common Units and shares of Series A Preferred Stock after post-closing adjustments) at a price equal to the par value of the shares acquired, including Common Units and shares of Series A Preferred Stock placed in a restricted account to support post-closing indemnification claims, of such amount of which was disbursed days after the Juniper Closing Date and the remainder was disbursed one year after the Juniper Closing Date. In connection with the contribution of the oil and gas assets under the Asset Agreement, we received million of revenues attributable to production from the Rocky Creek assets for the period from December 1, 2020 through the Juniper Closing Date. 
 We incurred a total of million of professional fees, including advisory, legal, consulting fees and other costs in connection with the Juniper Transactions. A total of million were attributable to services and costs incurred and recognized in 2020 as G A. The remaining million of costs were incurred in January 2021 or otherwise incurred contingent upon the closing of the Juniper Transactions, including million of transaction costs incurred by Juniper that were required to be paid by the Company under the Juniper Transaction Agreements as well as million of costs incurred by us related to the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock and Common Units. Collectively, these amounts were classified as a reduction to the capital contribution on our consolidated balance sheets. The remainder of million, representing professional fees and other costs, was recognized as a component of G A in the quarter ended March 31, 2021. 
 On October 6, 2021, the Company, JSTX and Rocky Creek entered into a Contribution and Exchange Agreement, whereby all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were exchanged for newly issued shares of Class B Common Stock Class B Common Stock ), at a ratio of share of Class B Common Stock for each 1/100th of a share of Series A Preferred Stock and the designation of the Series A Preferred Stock was cancelled. See Note 15 for additional information. 

83 

Issue costs paid for Noncontrolling interest securities ) Transaction costs paid on behalf of Noncontrolling interest ) Fair value of Rocky Creek oil and gas properties contributed Revenues received attributable to contributed properties Suspense revenues attributable to the contributed properties ) Asset retirement obligations of the contributed properties ) Fair value of capital contributions Income tax adjustment attributable to the Juniper Transactions ) Total shareholders equity prior to the Juniper Closing Date Juniper voting power through Series A Preferred Stock Noncontrolling interest as of the Juniper Closing Date 
 Due to the Lonestar Acquisition in October 2021, a change in ownership of the Noncontrolling interest occurred. Refer to Note 15 for additional information. 

Joint interest partners Derivative settlements from counterparties 1 
 Other Total Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses 
 _______________________ 
 1 See Note 6 for information regarding our derivative instruments. 
 Major Customers 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, customers accounted for of our consolidated product revenues, of which , and of the consolidated revenues were generated from these customers, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, customers accounted for of our consolidated product revenues, of which , , and of the consolidated revenues were generated from these customers, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, customers accounted for of our consolidated product revenues of which , , and of the consolidated revenues were generated from these customers, respectively. 
 84 

85 

Weighted Average Swap Price /bbl) NYMEX WTI Crude Collars Average Volume Per Day (bbl) Weighted Average Purchased Put Price /bbl) Weighted Average Sold Call Price /bbl) NYMEX HH Swaps Average Volume Per Day (MMBtu) Weighted Average Swap Price /MMBtu) NYMEX HH Collars Average Volume Per Day (MMBtu) Weighted Average Purchased Put Price /MMBtu) Weighted Average Sold Call Price /MMBtu) HSC Basis Swaps Average Volume Per Day (MMBtu) HSC Basis Average Fixed Price /MMBtu) ) ) ) ) OPIS Mt. Belvieu Ethane Swaps Average Volume per Day (gal) Weighted Average Fixed Price /gal) 
 Interest Rate Derivatives 
 Through May 2022, we had a series of interest rate swap contracts (the Interest Rate Swaps establishing fixed interest rates on a portion of our variable interest rate indebtedness. The notional amount of the Interest Rate Swaps totaled million, with us paying a weighted average fixed rate of on the notional amount, and the counterparties paying a variable rate equal to LIBOR. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any interest rate derivatives. 
 Financial Statement Impact of Derivatives 
 The impact of our derivatives activities on income is included within Derivatives gains (losses) on our consolidated statements of operations. Derivative contracts that have expired at the end of a period, but for which cash had not been received or paid as of the balance sheet date, have been recognized as components of Accounts receivable (see Note 5) and Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (see Note 12) on the consolidated balance sheets. Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities include derivative losses and cash settlements that are reported under Net losses (gains) and Cash settlements and premiums (paid) received, net, on our consolidated statements of cash flows, respectively. 
 
 86 

) ) Commodity gains (losses) recognized in the consolidated statements of operations ) ) ) ) Interest rate cash settlements recognized in the consolidated statements of cash flows ) ) ) Commodity cash settlements and premiums received (paid) recognized in the consolidated statements of cash flows ) ) Commodity cash settlements paid for acquired derivatives recognized in the consolidated statements of cash flows ) ) ) 
 Commodity contracts Derivative assets/liabilities current Commodity contracts Derivative assets/liabilities non-current 
 As of December 31, 2022, we reported net commodity derivative liabilities of million. The contracts associated with these positions are with counterparties for commodity derivatives, all of which are investment grade financial institutions and are participants in the Credit Facility. This concentration may impact our overall credit risk in that these counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions. Non-performance risk is incorporated by utilizing discount rates adjusted for the credit risk of our counterparties if the derivative is in an asset position, and our own credit risk if the derivative is in a liability position. 
 The agreements underlying our derivative instruments include provisions for the netting of settlements with the counterparties for contracts of similar type. We have neither paid to, nor received from, our counterparties any cash collateral in connection with our derivative positions. Furthermore, our derivative contracts are not subject to margin calls or similar accelerations. No significant uncertainties exist related to the collectability of amounts that may be owed to us by these counterparties. 
 See Note 13 for information regarding the fair value of our derivative instruments. 
 87 

Unproved Total oil and gas properties Other property and equipment 1 
 Total properties and equipment Accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairments ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 _______________________ 
 1 Excludes the corporate office building and related other assets acquired in connection with the Lonestar Acquisition that were classified as Assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. We closed on the sale of the corporate office building in July 2022. See Note 4 for additional information. As of December 31, 2022, we had million remaining other assets classified as Assets held for sale excluded from above. 
 Unproved property costs of million and million have been excluded from amortization as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The total costs not subject to amortization as of December 31, 2022 were incurred in the following periods: million in 2022, million in 2021, million in 2020 and million prior to 2019 as well as million of capitalized interest applied thereto. We transferred million and million of unproved leasehold costs, including capitalized interest, associated with proved undeveloped reserves, and acreage unlikely to be drilled or expiring acreage, to the full cost pool during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We capitalized internal costs of million, million and million and interest of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in accordance with our accounting policies. Average DD A per boe of proved oil and gas properties was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Ceiling Test 
 Beginning in early 2020, certain events such as the COVID-19 pandemic coupled with decisions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC and Russia (together with OPEC, collectively OPEC+ negatively impacted the oil and gas industry with significant declines in crude oil prices and oversupply of crude oil. Then in early 2021 with the deployment of vaccines and resulting increased mobility and global economic activity and other factors, demand for oil increased and commodity prices began to recover. Prior to the announced significant production cut to take effect in November 2022, OPEC+ had previously employed a strategy to gradually increase production. These shifts in OPEC+ production levels as well as the Russia-Ukraine war and related sanctions, which began in the first quarter of 2022, continue to contribute to a high level of uncertainty surrounding energy supply and demand resulting in volatile commodity prices. WTI crude oil and natural gas prices surged with prices over per bbl and over per Mcf, respectively, during the first half of 2022 due to oil supply shortage concerns. During the second half of 2022, WTI crude oil and natural gas prices dropped to lows under per bbl and per Mcf, respectively. 
 As discussed in Note 3, the Ceiling Test utilizes commodity prices based on a trailing 12-month average based on the closing prices on the first day of each month. With the higher commodity prices in 2022, we did t record any impairments of our oil and gas properties during the year ended December 31, 2022. However, the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were impacted by the decline in commodity prices as a result of the various factors discussed above, resulting in impairments of our oil and gas properties of million and million, respectively. 
 88 

Changes in estimates Liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) ) Acquisitions of properties Accretion expense Balance at end of period 
 
 Senior Notes due 2026 
 Mortgage debt 1 
 Other 2 
 Total Less: Unamortized discount 3 
 ) ) Less: Unamortized deferred issuance costs 3, 4 
 ) ) Total, net Less: Current portion ) Long-term debt 
 _______________________ 
 1 The mortgage debt related to the corporate office building and related other assets acquired in connection with the Lonestar Acquisition for which assets were held as collateral for such debt. In July 2022, the mortgage debt was fully repaid in connection with the sale of the corporate office building. See Note 4 for additional information on the sale. 
 2 Other debt of million at December 31, 2022 was extinguished during 2022 and recorded as a gain on extinguishment on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 3 The discount and issuance costs of the Senior Notes due 2026 are being amortized over its respective term using the effective-interest method. 
 4 Excludes issuance costs associated with the Credit Facility, which represent costs attributable to the access to credit over its contractual term, that have been presented as a component of Other assets (see Note 12) and are being amortized over the term of the Credit Facility using the straight-line method. 
 Credit Facility 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Credit Facility had a billion revolving commitment and a million borrowing base, with aggregate elected commitments of million, and a million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. Availability under the Credit Facility may not exceed the lesser of the aggregate elected commitments or the borrowing base less outstanding advances and letters of credit. The borrowing base under the Credit Facility is redetermined semi-annually, generally in the Spring and Fall of each year. Additionally, we and the Credit Facility lenders may, upon request, initiate a redetermination at any time during the six-month period between scheduled redeterminations. The Credit Facility is available to us for general corporate purposes, including working capital. 
 In June 2022, we entered into the Agreement and Amendment No. 12 to Credit Agreement (the Twelfth Amendment ). The Twelfth Amendment, in addition to other changes described therein, amended the Credit Facility to, effective on June 1, 2022, (1) increase the borrowing base from million to million, with aggregate elected commitments remaining at million and (2) replaced LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), an index supported by short-term Treasury repurchase agreements. 
 
 89 

million to million and (2) increase the aggregate elected commitment amounts under the Credit Facility from million to million. 
 The outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to, at our option, either (a) a customary reference rate plus an applicable margin ranging from to , determined based on the utilization level under the Credit Facility or (b) effective June 1, 2022, a term SOFR reference rate (a Eurodollar rate, including LIBOR prior to June 1, 2022), plus an applicable margin ranging from to , determined based on the utilization level under the Credit Facility. Interest on reference rate borrowings is payable quarterly in arrears and is computed on the basis of a year of 365/366 days, and interest on Eurodollar borrowings is payable every one , three or , at the election of the borrower, and is computed on the basis of a year of 360 days. At December 31, 2022, the actual weighted-average interest rate on the outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility was . Unused commitment fees are charged at a rate of . 
 The Credit Facility requires us to maintain (1) a minimum current ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility, which considers the unused portion of the total commitment as a current asset), measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of to 1.00 and (2) a maximum leverage ratio (consolidated indebtedness to adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion, amortization and exploration expenses, both as defined in the Credit Facility), measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of to 1.00. 
 The Credit Facility also contains other customary affirmative and negative covenants as well as events of default and remedies. If we do not comply with the financial and other covenants in the Credit Facility, the lenders may, subject to customary cure rights, require immediate payment of all amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all debt covenants under the Credit Facility. 
 We had million in outstanding borrowings and million in outstanding letters of credit under the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. Factoring in the outstanding letters of credit, we had million of availability under the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred and capitalized issue costs of million and million, respectively, in connection with amendments to the Credit Facility. Additionally, during 2022 and 2021, we wrote off million and million of previously deferred debt issue costs associated with amendments to the Credit Facility, respectively. 
 Senior Notes due 2026 
 On August 10, 2021, our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary completed an offering of million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2026 (the Senior Notes due 2026 that bear interest at and were sold at of par. Obligations under the Senior Notes due 2026 were assumed by ROCC Holdings, LLC (formerly, Penn Virginia Holdings, LLC, hereinafter referred to as Holdings ), as borrower, and are guaranteed by the subsidiaries of Holdings that guarantee the Credit Facility. 
 In connection with the consummation of the Lonestar Acquisition, the net proceeds from the Senior Notes due 2026 were used to repay and discharge million of Lonestar s long-term debt including accrued interest and related expenses, and the remainder, along with cash on hand, of million was used to repay outstanding obligations under the Second Lien Term Loan including a prepayment premium and accrued interest and related expenses. Thereafter, the Second Lien Term Loan was terminated and million was recorded as a loss on extinguishment of debt for costs incurred related to a prepayment premium and write off of unamortized discount and issue costs. During 2021, we incurred and capitalized million of issue costs in connection with the Senior Notes due 2026. See Note 4 for additional information. 
 The indenture governing the Senior Notes due 2026 also contains other customary affirmative and negative covenants as well as events of default and remedies. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants under the indenture. 
 90 

) State Total current income tax expense (benefit) ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) Federal State ) Total deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 ) State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 Asset retirement obligations Property and equipment Fair value of derivative instruments Interest expense limitation Other Total deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment Investment in the Partnership Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 91 

million attributable to refunds of AMT credits for the 2020 tax year. The amounts attributable to 2020 combined the amounts attributable to 2019, which had been recognized on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2019 as a current asset, were received in 2020 as an acceleration of all AMT credits in connection with certain provisions of the CARES Act. In addition, we have recognized deferred state tax expense (benefits) of million, million and ) million primarily attributable to property and equipment as well as million, million and million current state expense attributable to the Texas margin tax for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our overall effective tax rates were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had federal NOL carryforwards of approximately million, a substantial portion of which, if not utilized, expire between 2032 and 2037. NOLs incurred after January 1, 2018 can be carried forward indefinitely. Because of the change in ownership provisions of the Code, use of a portion of our federal NOLs may be limited in future periods. As of December 31, 2022, we carried a valuation allowance against our federal and state deferred tax assets of million. We considered both the positive and negative evidence in determining whether it was more likely than not that some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will be realized. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable could, however, be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced or increased or if objective negative evidence is no longer present and additional weight is given to subjective positive evidence, including projections for growth. The valuation allowance along with million of deferred tax liabilities fully offset our deferred tax assets. The net deferred tax liability recognized on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 is attributable to certain state deferred tax liabilities associated with property and equipment and unrealized hedges. The valuation allowance related to all other net deferred tax assets remains in full as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Following the Juniper Transactions, Ranger Oil is a holding company and all of its operating assets are held within the Partnership. Certain of the federal deferred tax assets and liabilities were reclassified to investment in partnership deferred tax liability in 2021. 
 Other Income Tax Matters 
 We had liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were interest and penalty charges recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Tax years from 2015 forward remain open for examination by the Internal Revenue Service and various state jurisdictions. 
 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Less: Amounts charged as drilling costs 1 
 ) ) ) Total lease cost recognized in the consolidated statement of operations 2 
 
 ___________________ 
 1 Represents the combined gross amounts paid and (i) capitalized as drilling costs for our working interest share and (ii) billed to joint interest partners for their working interest share for short-term leases of operated drilling rigs. 
 2 Includes million, million and million recognized in GPT, million, million and million recognized in Lease operating expense LOE and million, million and million recognized in G A for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 92 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 The following table summarizes supplemental balance sheet information related to leases as of the dates presented: 
 December 31, Leases Balance Sheet Location 2022 2021 Assets ROU assets operating leases Other assets Liabilities Current operating lease obligations Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Non-current operating lease obligations Other non-current liabilities Total operating lease obligations 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease obligations 
 93 

Prepaid expenses 2 
 Other assets: Deferred issuance costs of the Credit Facility, net of amortization Right-of-use assets operating leases Other Accounts payable and accrued liabilities: Trade accounts payable Drilling and other lease operating costs Revenue and royalties payable Production, ad valorem and other taxes Derivative settlements to counterparties Compensation and benefits Interest Environmental remediation liability 3 
 Current operating lease obligations Other Other non-current liabilities: Asset retirement obligations Non-current operating lease obligations Postretirement benefit plan obligations 
 _______________________ 
 1 Includes tubular inventory and well materials of million and million and crude oil volumes in storage of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2 The balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes million and million, respectively, for the prepayment of drilling and completion services and materials. 
 . 
 94 

Our financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying values of the borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility approximate fair value as the borrowings bear interest at variables rates tied to current market rates and the applicable margins represent market rates. The fair value of our fixed rate Senior Notes due 2026 is estimated based on the published market prices for issuances of similar risk and tenor and is categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying amount and estimated fair value of total debt (before amortization of issuance costs) was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the carrying amount and estimated fair value of total debt (before amortization of issuance costs) was million and million, respectively. 
 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 The fair values of our derivative instruments are measured at fair value on a recurring basis on our consolidated balance sheets. The following tables summarize the valuation of those financial assets and liabilities as of the dates presented: 
 Commodity derivative assets non-current Total financial assets Financial liabilities: Commodity derivative liabilities current Commodity derivative liabilities non-current Total financial liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets: Commodity derivative assets current Commodity derivative assets non-current Total financial assets Financial liabilities: Interest rate swap liabilities current Commodity derivative liabilities current Commodity derivative liabilities non-current Total financial liabilities 
 95 

Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 In addition to the fair value measurements applied with respect to assets contributed in the Juniper Transactions and acquired with the Lonestar Acquisition, as described in Note 4, the most significant non-recurring fair value measurements utilized in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are those attributable to the initial determination of AROs associated with the ongoing development of new oil and gas properties. The determination of the fair value of AROs is based upon regional market and facility specific information. The amount of an ARO and the costs capitalized represent the estimated future cost to satisfy the abandonment obligation using current prices that are escalated by an assumed inflation factor after discounting the future cost back to the date that the abandonment obligation was incurred using a rate commensurate with the risk, which approximates our cost of funds. Because these significant fair value inputs are typically not observable, we have categorized the initial estimates as level 3 inputs. 
 
 and thereafter: 
 Year Gathering and Intermediate Transportation Commitments Other Commitments 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Drilling and Completion Commitments 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had contracts for drilling rigs with remaining terms of less than two years. 
 
 96 

February 2031 Intermediate pipeline transportation services February 2026 February 2026 Volume capacity support April 2026 April 2026 
 Each of these arrangements also contain an obligation to deliver the first gross barrels of oil per day produced from Gonzales, Lavaca and Fayette Counties, Texas. For certain of our crude oil volumes gathered under the field gathering agreement, our rate includes an adjustment based on NYMEX WTI prices. As crude oil prices increase, up to a cap of per bbl, the gathering rate escalates pursuant to the field gathering agreement. 
 Under the field gathering and volume capacity support arrangements, credits for deliveries of volumes in excess of the volume commitment may be applied to any deficiency arising in the succeeding 12-month period. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded expense of million, million and million, respectively, for these contractual obligations in connection with these arrangements. 
 Crude Oil Storage 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had access to up to approximately barrels of dedicated tank capacity for no additional charge at the service provider s central delivery point facility CDP ), in Lavaca County, Texas through February 2041. In addition, we had access for an additional barrels of tank capacity at the CDP on a month-to-month basis, which can be terminated by either party with 45-days notice to the counterparty. Costs associated with this monthly agreement are in the form of a monthly fixed rate short-term lease and are charged as incurred on a monthly basis to GPT in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Other Agreements 
 We have a long-term dedication of certain specific leases under a crude purchase and throughput terminal agreement through 2032. Under the agreement, we have rights to transfer dedicated oil for delivery to a Gulf coast terminal in Point Comfort, Texas or oil may be transferred at alternate locations to third parties with a terminal fee. 
 We have agreements that provide us with field gathering, compression and short-haul transportation services for our natural gas production and gas lift for our hydrocarbon production under various terms through 2039. 
 We also have agreements that provide us with services to process our wet gas production into NGL products and dry, or residue, gas. Several agreements covering the majority of our wet gas production extend beyond three years, including one agreement that extends into 2029. 
 Legal 
 We are involved, from time to time, in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. While the ultimate results of these proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, our management believes that these claims will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an estimated reserve of approximately million for certain claims made against us regarding previously divested operations included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 97 

million and million, respectively. Additionally, we had environmental remediation liabilities recorded as part of the Lonestar Acquisition of million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The environmental remediation activities were completed in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The regulatory burden on the oil and gas industry increases its cost of doing business and consequently affects its profitability. These laws, rules and regulations affect our operations, as well as the oil and gas exploration and production industry in general. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with current applicable environmental laws, rules and regulations and that continued compliance with existing requirements will not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Nevertheless, changes in existing environmental laws or the adoption of new environmental laws, including any significant limitation on the use of hydraulic fracturing, have the potential to adversely affect our operations. 
 Other Commitments 
 We have entered into certain contractual arrangements for other products and services and have commitments under information technology licensing and service agreements, among others. 
 
 shares including (i) shares of common stock, par value per share and (ii) shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share. 
 On October 6, 2021, in connection with the consummation of the Lonestar Acquisition, the Company effected a recapitalization, pursuant to which (i) the Company s common stock was renamed and reclassified as Class A Common Stock, (ii) the authorized number of shares of capital stock of the Company was increased to shares, (iii) shares of Class B Common Stock was authorized, (iv) all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were exchanged for newly issued shares of Class B Common Stock, and (v) the designation of the Series A Preferred Stock was cancelled. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had classes of common stock: Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. The holders of record of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote together as a single class on all matters on which holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are entitled to vote; except that certain directors are elected by holders of a majority of the shares of Class B Common Stock voting as a separate class. 
 The holders of Class A Common Stock have no preemptive rights to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock. Shares of Class A Common Stock are not subject to any redemption or sinking fund provisions and are not convertible into any of the Company s other securities. In the event of the Company s voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of Class A Common Stock will share equally in the assets remaining after it pays its creditors and preferred shareholders. Holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by the Board of Directors. 
 Shares of Class B Common Stock are non-economic interests in the Company, and no dividends can be declared or paid on the Class B Common Stock. The holders of Class B Common Stock have no preemptive rights to purchase shares of any Class B Common Stock. Shares of Class B Common stock are not subject to any redemption or sinking fund provisions. In the event of the Company s voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after payment or provision for payment of its debts and other liabilities, the holders of Class B Common Stock will be entitled to receive, out of its assets or proceeds thereof available for distribution to our shareholders, before any distribution of such assets or proceeds is made to or set aside for the holders of Class A Common Stock and any other of the Company s stock ranking junior to the Class B Common Stock as to such distribution, payment in full in an amount equal to per share of Class B Common Stock. With the exception of the aforementioned distribution, the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock will not be entitled to receive any of the Company s assets in the event of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 98 

authorized shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, (ii) authorized shares of Class B Common Stock and shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding, and (iii) authorized shares of preferred stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Paid-in capital represents the value of consideration we received in excess of par value for the original issuance of our common stock net of costs directly attributable to the issuance transactions. In addition, paid-in capital includes amounts attributable to the amortized cost of share-based awards that have been granted to our employees and directors, net of any adjustments with the ultimate vesting of such awards. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income and losses are entirely attributable to our pension and postretirement health care benefit obligations. For further details on our pension and postretirement health care plans, see Note 16. 
 Dividends 
 On July 7, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared an inaugural cash dividend of per share of Class A Common Stock and on November 2, 2022, a second cash dividend was declared of per share of Class A Common Stock. The related dividends were paid on August 4, 2022 and November 28, 2022 to holders of record of Class A Common Stock as of the close of business on July 25, 2022 and November 16, 2022, respectively. In connection with any dividend, Ranger s operating subsidiary will also make a corresponding distribution to its common unitholders. During 2022, the dividends paid to the holders of our Class A Common Stock and distribution to common unitholders totaled million in the aggregate. The Company s Credit Facility and the indenture have restrictive covenants that limit its ability to pay dividends. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On April 13, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program that authorized the Company to repurchase up to million of its outstanding Class A Common Stock. The share repurchase authorization was effective immediately and was valid through March 31, 2023. On July 7, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an increase in the share repurchase program from million to million and extended the term of the program through June 30, 2023. We do intend to repurchase additional shares pending closing of the Baytex Merger. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased shares of our Class A Common Stock at a total cost of million at an average purchase price of . The share repurchases were recorded to Class A common stock and Paid-in capital on our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining authorized repurchase amount under the share repurchase program was million. 
 Change in Ownership of Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 ) Transfers (to) from the noncontrolling interest, net 1 
 ) N/A Change from net income (loss) attributable to Class A common shareholders and net transfers to Noncontrolling interest ) ) 
 _____________________________________________ 
 1 The year ended December 31, 2022 includes a net transfer of million from Noncontrolling interest for share repurchases and common stock issuances related to employees share-based compensation with a corresponding adjustment to Paid-in capital. The year ended December 31, 2021 includes a net transfer to Noncontrolling interest of million related to (i) the Class A common stock issuances and (2) the relative proportionate share of net assets acquired in the Lonestar Acquisition with a corresponding adjustment to Paid-in capital. These equity adjustments had no impact on earnings other than a resulting increase (decrease) to the noncontrolling interest proportionate share of net income (loss) and a corresponding increase (decrease) to the proportionate share of net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders. 
 
 99 

million during the year ended December 31, 2022 to reflect the revised ownership percentage of total equity. See Note 3 for further discussion. 
 As discussed in Note 4, on October 5, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Lonestar in an all-stock transaction. In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, Lonestar shareholders received shares of Penn Virginia common stock for each share of Lonestar common stock held immediately prior to the effective time of the Lonestar Acquisition. 
 In connection with the Lonestar Acquisition, shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company were issued and, in accordance with the Partnership Agreement, an equivalent number of Common Units were issued to the Company resulting in a change in the proportionate share of Common Units held by the Company relative to Juniper as no additional Common Units in the Partnership were issued to Juniper. As such and effective upon the close of the Lonestar Acquisition, we recognized an adjustment to the carrying amount of noncontrolling interest and a corresponding adjustment to Class A common shareholders equity of million to reflect the revised ownership percentage of total equity, inclusive of Juniper s revised proportionate share of the fair value of net assets acquired in connection with the Lonestar Acquisition effective October 5, 2021. 
 
 shares of Class A Common Stock for issuance under the Ranger Oil Management Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan for share-based compensation awards. A total of time-vested restricted stock units RSUs and performance-based restricted stock units PRSUs have been granted to employees and directors through December 31, 2022. 
 All of our share-based compensation awards are classified as equity instruments because they result in the issuance of common stock on the date of grant, upon exercise or are otherwise payable in common stock upon vesting, as applicable. The compensation cost attributable to these awards has been measured at the grant date and recognized over the applicable vesting periods as a non-cash expense. 
 We recognized million, million (including million and million as a result of the change-in-control events associated with the Lonestar Acquisition discussed below and the Juniper Transactions, respectively) and million of share-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and , million and million of related income tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Merger Agreement provided the terms in which Lonestar share-based awards held by Lonestar employees were replaced with share-based awards of the Company replacement awards on the acquisition date. For accounting purposes, the fair value of the replacement awards must be allocated between each employee s pre-combination and post-combination services. Amounts allocated to pre-combination services have been included as consideration transferred as part of the Lonestar Acquisition. See Note 4 for a summary of consideration transferred. Compensation costs of million allocated to post-combination services were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 as stock-based compensation expense from the immediate vesting of these awards pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. 
 Time-Vested Restricted Stock Units 
 The RSUs entitle the grantee to receive a share of common stock upon the achievement of the applicable service period vesting requirement. period. 
 
 100 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million of unrecognized compensation cost attributable to RSUs. We expect that cost to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total grant date fair values of RSUs that vested in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 Performance Restricted Stock Units 
 The PRSUs entitle the grantee to receive a share of common stock upon the achievement of both service and market conditions. 
 Monte Carlo grant date fair value 2 
 to 
 to 
 Average grant date fair value 3 
 not applicable not applicable 
 ___________________ 
 1 The 2020 PRSU grants include one executive officers inducement award originally granted in August 2020 that was amended in April 2021 to conform vesting conditions to other PRSU awards granted in 2021. 
 2 Represents the Monte Carlo grant date fair value of PRSU grants based on the Company s TSR performance (as defined below). 
 3 Represents the average grant date fair value of 2022 and 2021 PRSU grants based on the Company s ROCE performance (as defined below). 
 Compensation expense for PRSUs with a market condition is being amortized ratably over for the 2022 and 2021 grants. For the 2020 and 2019 grants, compensation expense for the PRSUs with a market condition were amortized on a graded-vesting basis. The applicable period for the amortization of compensation expense ranges from less than to . when it is considered probable that the performance condition will be achieved and such grants are expected to vest. PRSUs with a market condition do not allow for the reversal of previously recognized expense, even if the market condition is not achieved and no shares ultimately vest. 
 The 2022 and 2021 PRSU grants contain performance measures of which 50 are based on the Company s return on average capital employed ROCE relative to a defined peer group and 50 are based on the Company s absolute total shareholder return and total shareholder return TSR relative to a defined peer group over the three-year performance period. The 2022 and 2021 PRSUs cliff vest from to of the original grant at the end of a performance period based on satisfaction of the respective underlying conditions. 
 Vesting of PRSUs granted in 2020 and 2019 range from to of the original grant based on TSR relative to a defined peer group over the performance period. As TSR is deemed a market condition, the grant-date fair value for the 2019, 2020 and a portion of the 2021 and 2022 PRSU grants is derived by using a Monte Carlo model. 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 Dividend yield Risk-free interest rate 
 to 
 to 
 Performance period 2022-2024 2021-2023 2020-2022 2020-2022 
 ___________________ 
 1 One executive officer s inducement award originally granted in August 2020 was amended in April 2021 to conform vesting conditions to other PRSU awards granted in 2021. The Monte Carlo assumptions for both years are included above. 
 
 101 

Granted Vested ) Change in units based on performance 1 
 ) Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 ___________________ 
 to of the original grant based on performance as described above. Amount represents difference between original grant amount and amounts ultimately earned. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million of unrecognized compensation cost attributable to PRSUs. We expect that cost to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Executive Transition and Retirement 
 In August 2020, we appointed Darrin Henke as our president and chief executive officer, or CEO, and director following the retirement of John Brooks. We incurred incremental G A costs of approximately million, in connection with Mr. Henke s appointment and Mr. Brooks separation. In addition to those incremental costs, we recognized million during the year ended December 31, 2020 for the accelerated vesting of certain share-based compensation awards of Mr. Brooks in connection with his retirement. 
 Defined Contribution Plan 
 We maintain the Ranger Oil Corporation and Affiliated Companies Employees 401(k) Plan (the 401(k) Plan ), a defined contribution plan, which covers substantially all of our employees. We provide matching contributions on our employees elective deferral contributions up to of compensation up to the maximum statutory limits. The 401(k) Plan also provides for discretionary employer contributions. We recognized expense attributable to the 401(k) Plan of million, million, million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The charges for the 401(k) Plan are included as a component of G A expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. Amounts representing accrued obligations to the 401(k) Plan of million and million are recorded within Accounts payable and accrued expenses on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Health Care Plans 
 We maintain unqualified legacy defined benefit pension and defined benefit postretirement health care plans that cover a limited number of former employees that retired prior to January 1, 2000. The combined expense recognized with respect to these plans was less than million for each year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and is included as a component of Other, net in our consolidated statements of operations. The combined unfunded benefit obligations under these plans were million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and are included within Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (current portion) and Other liabilities (non-current portion) on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 102 

) Net income attributable to Noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Class A common shareholders for Basic EPS ) Adjustment for assumed conversions of RSUs and PRSUs Adjustment for assumed conversions and elimination of Noncontrolling interest net income Net income (loss) attributable to Class A common shareholders for Diluted EPS ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding used in Basic EPS Effect of dilutive securities: Common Units and Series A Preferred Stock or Class B Common Stock, as applicable, that are exchangeable for Class A Common Stock 1, 2 
 RSUs and PRSUs 2 
 Weighted average shares outstanding used in Diluted EPS 2 
 
 _____________________________________________ 
 1 In connection with the Juniper Transactions in January 2021, we issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock. In October 2021, the Company effected a recapitalization and the Series A Preferred Stock were exchanged with Class B Common Stock and the designation of the Series A Preferred Stock was cancelled. 
 million potentially dilutive Common Units (and the associated million Class B Common Stock) had the effect of being anti-dilutive and were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share. For the year ended December 31, 2020, approximately million potentially dilutive securities, represented by RSUs and PRSUs, had the effect of being anti-dilutive and were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share. 

Baytex common shares and (ii) in cash. The transaction was unanimously approved by the board of directors of each company and JSTX and Rocky Creek delivered a support agreement to vote their outstanding shares in favor of the Baytex Merger. The Baytex Merger is expected to close late in the second quarter of 2023, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the requisite shareholder and regulatory approvals. 
 Dividends 
 On March 3, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of per share of Class A Common Stock, payable on March 30, 2023 to holders of record of Class A Common Stock as of the close of business on March 17, 2023. 
 103 

Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Producing Activities (Unaudited) 
 Oil and Gas Reserves 
 All of our proved oil and gas reserves are located in the continental United States. The estimates of our proved oil and gas reserves were prepared by our independent third party engineers, DeGolyer and MacNaughton, Inc. utilizing data compiled by us. DeGolyer and MacNaughton, Inc. is an independent firm of petroleum engineers, geologists, geophysicists and petrophysicists. Our Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer is primarily responsible for overseeing the preparation of the reserve estimate by DeGolyer and MacNaughton, Inc. 
 Reserve engineering is a process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner, and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. The quantities of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas that are ultimately recovered, production and operating costs, the amount and timing of future development expenditures and future prices for these commodities may all differ from those assumed. In addition, reserve estimates of new discoveries are more imprecise than those of properties with a production history. Accordingly, these estimates are subject to change as additional information becomes available. 
 The following table sets forth our estimate of net quantities of proved reserves, including changes therein and proved developed and proved undeveloped reserves for the periods presented: 
 Proved Developed and Undeveloped Reserves Oil (Mbbl) NGLs (Mbbl) Natural Gas (MMcf) Total Equivalents (Mboe) December 31, 2019 98,896 19,154 90,449 133,125 Revisions of previous estimates (23,554) (5,599) (26,712) (33,606) Extensions and discoveries 29,966 3,208 15,357 35,734 Production (6,829) (1,165) (5,360) (8,887) December 31, 2020 98,479 15,598 73,734 126,366 Revisions of previous estimates (5,633) (2,606) (11,154) (10,098) Extensions and discoveries 45,709 9,877 47,774 63,548 Production (7,711) (1,326) (6,712) (10,155) Purchase of reserves 32,278 18,476 121,550 71,012 December 31, 2021 163,122 40,019 225,192 240,673 Revisions of previous estimates (35,615) (7,381) (44,239) (50,369) Extensions and discoveries 46,176 12,644 70,700 70,603 Production (10,668) (2,205) (12,100) (14,890) Purchase of reserves 6,217 1,331 5,516 8,468 December 31, 2022 169,232 44,408 245,069 254,485 Proved Developed Reserves: December 31, 2020 36,360 7,979 37,597 50,605 December 31, 2021 59,957 16,431 94,033 92,060 December 31, 2022 69,881 19,136 106,566 106,778 Proved Undeveloped Reserves: December 31, 2020 62,119 7,619 36,137 75,761 December 31, 2021 103,165 23,588 131,159 148,613 December 31, 2022 99,351 25,272 138,503 147,707 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of the significant changes in our proved reserve estimates for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 In 2022, our proved reserves increased by 13.8 MMboe due to acquisitions and proved undeveloped reserves extensions. During 2022, Ranger Oil continued to drill and complete wells and increased drilling efficiencies in lateral footage capabilities. We optimized and refreshed the existing drilling inventory to access stranded acreage and optimize for longer laterals, resulting in an increase in average treatable lateral per well. This process resulted in an increase to extensions and discoveries of 70.6 MMboe that was offset by 34.3 MMboe of negative revisions due to schedule adjustments that moved wells beyond our five-year drilling window schedule. In addition, our revisions of previous estimates reflect: (i) 9.3 MMboe of unfavorable revisions attributable to changes in lateral lengths and type curves, (ii) unfavorable revisions of 10.0 MMboe due to performance, offset by (iii) favorable revisions due to pricing of 3.3 MMboe. 
 104 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 In 2021, our proved reserves increased by 114.3 MMboe due primarily to the Juniper transactions and the Lonestar Acquisition increasing our reserves. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Ranger Oil continued to drill and complete wells and increased drilling efficiencies in lateral footage capabilities. Additionally, we optimized and refreshed the existing drilling inventory to access stranded acreage and optimize for longer laterals, resulting in an increase in average treatable lateral per well, thus increasing the average reserves per well. This process resulted in an increase to extensions and discoveries of 63.5 MMboe that was offset by 14.0 MMboe of negative revisions due to schedule adjustments that moved wells beyond our five-year drilling window schedule. In addition, our revisions of previous estimates reflect: (i) 5.8 MMboe of favorable revisions attributable to changes in lateral lengths and type curves and (ii) favorable revisions due to pricing of 3.6 MMboe, offset by (iii) unfavorable revisions of 5.5 MMboe due to performance. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 In 2020, our proved reserves declined by 6.8 MMboe due primarily to lower commodity pricing reducing our reserves in excess of the positive revisions to replace production. In light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our capital resources, we undertook a substantial review of our drilling plans and available site inventory that resulted in a substantial shift in the focus of our near-term drilling schedule to a greater focus on our core, oilier prospects. This process resulted in an increase to extensions and discoveries of 35.7 MMboe that was largely offset by 34.0 MMboe of negative revisions due primarily to certain wells that moved beyond our five-year drilling window schedule. In addition, our revisions of previous estimates reflect: (i) 6.9 MMboe of favorable revisions attributable to changes in lateral lengths and type curves, substantially offset by (ii) unfavorable revisions of 3.2 MMboe due to performance and (iii) declines in pricing of 3.2 MMboe. 
 Capitalized Costs Relating to Oil and Gas Producing Activities 
 The following table sets forth capitalized costs related to our oil and gas producing activities and accumulated DD A for the periods presented: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Oil and gas properties: Proved 3,013,854 2,327,686 1,545,910 Unproved 41,882 57,900 49,935 Total oil and gas properties 3,055,736 2,385,586 1,595,845 Other property and equipment 25,318 26,131 23,068 Total capitalized costs relating to oil and gas producing activities 3,081,054 2,411,717 1,618,913 Accumulated depreciation and depletion (1,273,005) (1,028,970) (896,219) Net capitalized costs relating to oil and gas producing activities 1 
 1,808,049 1,382,747 722,694 
 _____________________________________________ 
 1 Excludes property and equipment attributable to our corporate operations which is comprised of certain capitalized hardware, software, leasehold improvements and office furniture and fixtures. 
 105 

Costs Incurred in Certain Oil and Gas Activities 
 The following table summarizes costs incurred in our oil and gas property acquisition, exploration and development activities for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Development costs 516,616 262,439 126,739 Proved property acquisition costs 1 
 137,532 Unproved property acquisition costs 6,882 3,687 3,448 Exploration costs 1,214 86 342 662,244 266,212 130,529 
 _____________________________________________ 
 1 Excludes the fair value of proved properties of 478.0 million recorded in the purchase price allocation with respect to the Lonestar Acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2021. The purchase was funded through the issuance of our common stock. 
 Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves 
 Future cash inflows were computed by applying the average prices of oil and gas during the 12-month period prior to the period end, determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the period and estimated costs as of that fiscal year end, to the estimated future production of proved reserves. Future prices actually received may materially differ from current prices or the prices used in the standardized measure. 
 Future production and development costs represent the estimated future expenditures (based on current costs) to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves, assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Future income tax expenses were computed by applying statutory income tax rates to the difference between pre-tax net cash flows relating to our proved reserves and the tax basis of proved oil and gas properties. In addition, the effects of statutory depletion in excess of tax basis, available NOL carryforwards and alternative minimum tax credits were used in computing future income tax expense. The resulting annual net cash inflows were then discounted using a 10 annual rate. 
 The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows is not intended, and should not be interpreted, to represent the fair value of our oil and gas reserves. An estimate of the fair value would also consider, among other things, the recovery of reserves not presently classified as proved, anticipated future changes in prices and cost, and a discount factor more representative of economic conditions and risks inherent in reserve estimates. Accordingly, the changes in standardized measure reflected below do not necessarily represent the economic reality of such transactions. 
 Crude oil and natural gas prices were based on average (beginning of month basis) sales prices per bbl and MMBtu with the representative price of natural gas adjusted for basis premium and energy content to arrive at the appropriate net price. NGL prices were estimated as a percentage of the base crude oil price. 
 The following table summarizes the price measurements utilized, by product, with respect to our estimates of proved reserves as well as in the determination of the standardized measure of the discounted future net cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Crude Oil NGLs Natural Gas /bbl /bbl /MMBtu December 31, 2020 39.54 7.51 1.99 December 31, 2021 66.57 22.99 3.60 December 31, 2022 93.67 35.42 6.36 
 106 

The following table sets forth the standardized measure of the discounted future net cash flows attributable to our proved reserves for the periods presented: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Future cash inflows 18,918,984 12,157,254 3,832,194 Future production costs (4,204,946) (2,938,528) (1,356,505) Future development costs (2,876,385) (1,809,394) (926,904) Future net cash flows before income tax 11,837,653 7,409,332 1,548,785 Future income tax expense (1,720,781) (978,510) (60,598) Future net cash flows 10,116,872 6,430,822 1,488,187 10 annual discount for estimated timing of cash flows (5,268,597) (3,373,661) (837,897) Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows 4,848,275 3,057,161 650,290 
 Changes in Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves 
 The following table summarizes the changes in the standardized measure of the discounted future net cash flows attributable to our proved reserves for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Sales of oil and gas, net of production costs (957,736) (476,734) (194,660) Net changes in prices and production costs 2,145,419 1,324,982 (950,201) Changes in future development costs (81,629) (129,058) 450,286 Extensions and discoveries 1,139,833 753,601 74,830 Development costs incurred during the period 380,463 131,743 102,459 Revisions of previous quantity estimates (1,325,864) (188,804) (303,219) Purchases of reserves-in-place 348,926 926,169 Changes in production rates and all other 144,547 353,520 (282,055) Accretion of discount 341,872 65,755 160,010 Net change in income taxes (344,717) (354,303) 103,958 Net increase (decrease) 1,791,114 2,406,871 (838,592) Beginning of year 3,057,161 650,290 1,488,882 End of year 4,848,275 3,057,161 650,290 

107 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, such disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This evaluation was completed based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on that assessment, our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 (c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Grant Thornton LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements contained in this Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (d) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes were made in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 108 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 In accordance with General Instruction G(3), the information required will be filed as an amendment to this Form 10-K within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officer and employees, including our principal executive, principal financial and principal accounting officers, or persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website located at https://ir.rangeroil.com/governance-docs. We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and any waivers of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics granted to executive officers and directors, on the website within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 In accordance with General Instruction G(3), the information required will be filed as an amendment to this Form 10-K within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 In accordance with General Instruction G(3), the information required will be filed as an amendment to this Form 10-K within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 In accordance with General Instruction G(3), the information required will be filed as an amendment to this Form 10-K within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 In accordance with General Instruction G(3), the information required will be filed as an amendment to this Form 10-K within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 109 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 The financial statements filed herewith are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 67 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Exhibits 
 The following documents are included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Those exhibits incorporated by reference are indicated as such in the parenthetical following the description. All other exhibits are included herewith. 
 Exhibit Number Description (2.1) 
 Contribution Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2020, by and among Penn Virginia Corporation, PV Energy Holdings, L.P. and JSTX Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2020). 
 (2.2) 
 Contribution Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2020, by and among Penn Virginia Corporation, PV Energy Holdings, L.P. and Rocky Creek Resources, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2020). 
 (2.3) 
 Merger Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2021, by and among Penn Virginia, Merger Sub Inc, Merger Sub LLC and Lonestar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 13, 2021). 
 (3.1) 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Ranger Oil Corporation, effective as of October 6, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021). 
 (3.2) 
 Articles of Amendment, dated as of October 14, 2021, to the Fourth Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Ranger Oil Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2021). 
 (3.3) 
 Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ranger Oil Corporation, effective as of October 6, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021). 
 (3.4) 
 Amendment to the Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ranger Oil Corporation, effective October 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2021). 
 (4.1.1) 
 Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2021 among Penn Virginia Escrow LLC, the guarantors party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2021). 
 (4.1.2) 
 Supplemental Indenture Escrow Merger, dated as of October 5, 2021, by and among Penn Virginia Holdings, LLC, each of the parties identified therein as Guarantors and Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021). 
 (4.1.3) 
 Supplemental Indenture Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of October 6, 2021, by and among Penn Virginia Holdings, LLC, each of the parties identified therein as Subsequent Guarantors and Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021). 
 (4.2) 
 Form of 9.250 Senior Note due 2026 (incorporated by reference as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2021). 
 (4.3) 
 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 8, 2022). 
 (10.1) 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2016, by Penn Virginia Holding Corp., Penn Virginia Corporation and the other grantors party thereto in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the benefit of the secured parties thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2016). 
 (10.2) 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2016 between Penn Virginia Corporation and the holders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2016). 
 (10.3) 
 Contribution and Exchange Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2021, by and between Penn Virginia Corporation, JSTX Holdings, LLC and Rocky Creek Resources, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021). 
 (10.4) 
 Second Amended and Restated Construction and Field Gathering Agreement by and between Republic Midstream, LLC and Penn Virginia Oil Gas, L.P. dated August 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed on November 28, 2016). 
 (10.5.1) 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Construction and Field Gathering Agreement dated as of April 13, 2017 but effective August 1, 2016 by and between Republic Midstream, LLC and Penn Virginia Oil Gas, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4.1 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (Amendment No. 2) filed on May 2, 2017). 
 (10.5.2) 
 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Construction and Field Gathering Agreement dated as of July 2, 2018 by and between Republic Midstream, LLC and Penn Virginia Oil Gas L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2018). 
 (10.5.3) 
 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Construction and Field Gathering Agreement dated as of December 14, 2018 by and between Republic Midstream, LLC and Penn Virginia Oil Gas L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9.3 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2019). 
 (10.5.4) 
 Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Construction and Field Gathering Agreement dated as of July 26, 2022 but made effective as of July 1, 2022, by and between Ironwood Shiner Pipeline, LLC, as successor to Nuevo Dos Gathering and Transportation, LLC, as successor to Republic Midstream, LLC and Penn Virginia Oil Gas L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022). 
 
 110 

(10.6.1) 
 First Amended and Restated Crude Oil Marketing Agreement dated as of August 1, 2016, by and between Penn Virginia Oil Gas, L.P., Republic Midstream Marketing, LLC and solely for purposes of Article V therein, Penn Virginia Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed on November 28, 2016). 
 (10.6.2) 
 First Amendment to First Amended and Restated Crude Oil Marketing Agreement dated as of July 2, 2018 by and between Penn Virginia Oil Gas, L.P. and Republic Midstream Marketing, LLC.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2018). 
 (10.7) 
 Penn Virginia Corporation 2019 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2019 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders filed on July 1, 2019). 
 (10.7.1) 
 Form of Officer Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2019 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.2 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2020) . 
 (10.7.2) 
 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2019 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.3 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2020) . 
 (10.7.3) 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2019 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2019). 
 (10.7.4) 
 Penn Virginia Corporation 2017 Special Severance Plan Amended and Restated Effective August 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2020). 
 (10.7.5) 
 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Officer) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2021). 
 (10.7.6) 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Penn Virginia Corporation 2017 Special Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2021). 
 (10.7. 7 
 Ranger Oil Corporation Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 27, 2022). 
 (10.8) 
 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2016). 
 (10.9) 
 Form of Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2020). 
 (10.10) 
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of October 6, 2021, by and among PV Energy Holdings GP, LLC, Penn Virginia Corporation, JSTX Holdings, LLC and Rocky Creek Resources, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021). 
 (10.11) 
 Amended and Restated Investor and Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 6, 2021, by and among Penn Virginia Corporation, JSTX Holdings, LLC and Rocky Creek Resources, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021). 
 (10.12) 
 Master Assignment, Agreement and Amendment No. 13 to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2022, among ROCC Holdings, LLC, as borrower, Ranger Oil Corporation, as holdings, the subsidiaries of holdings party thereto, certain lenders party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders and as an issuing lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2022). 
 (21.1)# 
 Subsidiaries of Ranger Oil Corporation. 
 (23.1)# 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP. 
 (23.2)# 
 Consent of DeGolyer and MacNaughton. 
 (31.1)# 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 (31.2)# 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 (32.1) 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 (32.2) 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 (99.1)# 
 Report of DeGolyer and MacNaughton dated February 2, 2023 concerning evaluation of oil and gas reserves. 
 (101.INS)# Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. (101.SCH)# Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (101.CAL)# Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (101.DEF)# Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (101.LAB)# Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (101.PRE)# Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (104)# The cover page of Ranger Oil Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (included within the Exhibit 101 attachments). 
 ____________________ 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 # Filed herewith. 
 Confidential treatment has been requested for this exhibit and confidential portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 111 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 RANGER OIL CORPORATION March 9, 2023 By: /s/ RUSSELL T KELLEY, JR. Russell T Kelley, Jr. Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) March 9, 2023 By: /s/ KAYLA D. BAIRD Kayla D. Baird Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ DARRIN J. HENKE President and Chief Executive Officer and Director March 9, 2023 Darrin J. Henke (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ RUSSELL T KELLEY, JR. Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer March 9, 2023 Russell T Kelley, Jr. (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ KAYLA D. BAIRD Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller March 9, 2023 Kayla D. Baird (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ RICHARD BURNETT Director March 9, 2023 Richard Burnett /s/ TIFFANY THOM CEPAK Director March 9, 2023 Tiffany Thom Cepak /s/ GARRETT CHUNN Director March 9, 2023 Garrett Chunn /s/ KEVIN CUMMING Director March 9, 2023 Kevin Cumming /s/ EDWARD GEISER Chairman of the Board March 9, 2023 Edward Geiser /s/ TIMOTHY W. GRAY Director March 9, 2023 Timothy W. Gray /s/ JOSHUA SCHMIDT Director March 9, 2023 Joshua Schmidt /s/ JEFFREY WOJAHN Director March 9, 2023 Jeffrey Wojahn 
 112 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 rocc-20221231xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Ranger Oil Corporation 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Organization Boland Building, LLC Texas Eagleford Gas, LLC Texas Eagleford Gas 2, LLC Texas Eagleford Gas 3, LLC Texas Eagleford Gas 5, LLC Texas Eagleford Gas 7, LLC Texas Eagleford Gas 8, LLC Texas Eagleford Gas 11, LLC Texas La Salle Eagle Ford Gathering Line LLC Texas ROCC BR Disposal LLC Texas ROCC Operating, LLC Texas ROCC Resources America LLC Delaware ROCC Resources, LLC Delaware ROCC Holdings, LLC Delaware ROCC Oil & Gas, LLC Virginia ROCC Oil & Gas, L.P. Texas ROCC Oil & Gas GP LLC Delaware ROCC Oil & Gas LP LLC Delaware ROCC Intermediate LLC Delaware ROCC Energy Holdings GP, LLC Delaware ROCC Energy Holdings, L.P. Delaware T-N-T Engineering, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 rocc-20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our reports dated March 9, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Ranger Oil Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Ranger Oil Corporation on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259017), Forms S-3 (File No. 333-254050, File No. 333-238137, and File No. 333-214709) and Forms S-8 (File No. 333-258443, File No. 333-252026, File No. 333-248403, File No. 333-213979, and File No. 333-233364). 

s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 9, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 rocc-20221231xex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 
 DeGolyer and MacNaughton 
 5001 Spring Valley Road 
 Suite 800 East 
 Dallas, Texas 75244 

March 6, 2023 

Ranger Oil Corporation 
 16285 Park Ten Place, Suite 500 
 Houston, Texas 77084 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 We hereby consent to the reference to DeGolyer and MacNaughton and to the incorporation of the estimates contained in our report entitled Report as of December 31, 2022 on Reserves and Revenue of Certain Properties with interests attributable to Ranger Oil Corporation (our Report) in Part I and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements portions of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Penn Virginia Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report), to be filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on or about March 10, 2023. In addition, we hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of our report of third party dated February 2, 2023, in the Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules portion of the Annual Report. We further consent to the incorporation by reference of references to DeGolyer and MacNaughton and to our Report in Ranger Oil Corporation s Registration Statements on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259017), Forms S-3 (File No. 333-254050, File No. 333-238137, and File No. 333-214709) and Forms S-8 (File No. 333-258443, File No. 333-252026, File No. 333-248403, File No.333-213979, and File No. 333-233364). 

Very truly yours, 
 
 s DeGolyer and MacNaughton 
 
 DeGOLYER and MacNAUGHTON 
 Texas Registered Engineering Firm F-716 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 rocc-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Darrin J. Henke, President and Chief Executive Officer of Ranger Oil Corporation (the Registrant ), certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant (this Report 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 9, 2023 
 s DARRIN J. HENKE Darrin J. Henke President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 rocc-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Russell T Kelley, Jr., Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Ranger Oil Corporation (the Registrant ), certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant (this Report 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 9, 2023 
 s RUSSELL T KELLEY, JR Russell T Kelley, Jr. Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 rocc-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ranger Oil Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Darrin J. Henke, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 9, 2023 
 s DARRIN J. HENKE Darrin J. Henke President and Chief Executive Officer 

This written statement is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 rocc-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ranger Oil Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Russell T Kelley, Jr., Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 9, 2023 
 s RUSSELL T KELLEY, JR. Russell T Kelley, Jr. Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

This written statement is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 rocc-20221231xex991.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 
 Exhibit 99.1 

 DeGolyer and MacNaughton 
 5001 Spring Valley Road Suite 800 East 
 Dallas, Texas 75244 
 
 February 2, 2023 
 
 Ranger Oil Corporation 
 16285 Park Ten Place 
 Suite 500 
 Houston, Texas 77084 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Pursuant to your request, this report of third party presents an independent evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, of the extent and value of the estimated net proved oil, condensate, natural gas liquids (NGL), and gas reserves of certain properties in which Ranger Oil Corporation (Ranger) has represented it holds an interest. This evaluation was completed on February 2, 2023. The properties evaluated herein consist of working and royalty interests located in Texas. Ranger has represented that these properties account for 100 percent on a net equivalent barrel basis of Ranger s net proved reserves as of December 31, 2022. The net proved reserves estimates have been prepared in accordance with the reserves definitions of Rules 4 10(a) (1) (32) of Regulation S X of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This report was prepared in accordance with guidelines specified in Item 1202 (a)(8) of Regulation S K and is to be used for inclusion in certain SEC filings by Ranger. 
 
 Reserves estimates included herein are expressed as net reserves. Gross reserves are defined as the total estimated petroleum remaining to be produced from these properties after December 31, 2022. Net reserves are defined as that portion of the gross reserves attributable to the interests held by Ranger after deducting all interests held by others. 
 
 Values for proved reserves in this report are expressed in terms of future gross revenue, future net revenue, and present worth. Future gross revenue is defined as that revenue which will accrue to the evaluated interests from the production and sale of the estimated net reserves. Future net revenue is calculated by deducting production taxes, ad valorem taxes, operating expenses, capital costs, and abandonment costs from future gross revenue. Operating expenses include field operating expenses, transportation and processing expenses, and an allocation of overhead that directly relates to production activities. Capital costs include drilling and completion costs, facilities costs, and field maintenance costs. Abandonment costs are represented by Ranger to be inclusive of those costs associated with the removal of equipment, plugging of wells, and reclamation and restoration associated with the abandonment. At the request of Ranger, future income taxes were not taken into account in the preparation of these estimates. Present worth is defined as future net revenue discounted at a discount rate of 10 percent per year compounded monthly over the expected period of realization. Present worth should not be construed as fair market value because no consideration was given to additional factors that influence the prices at which properties are bought and sold. 
 
 Estimates of reserves and revenue should be regarded only as estimates that may change as further production history and additional information become available. Not only are such estimates based on that information which is currently available, but such estimates are also subject to the uncertainties inherent in the application of judgmental factors in interpreting such information. 
 
 Information used in the preparation of this report was obtained from Ranger and from public sources. In the preparation of this report we have relied, without independent verification, upon information furnished by Ranger with respect to the property interests being evaluated, production from such properties, current costs of operation and development, current prices for production, agreements relating to current and future operations and sale of production, and various other information and data that were accepted as represented. A field examination was not considered necessary for the purposes of this report. 

Definition of Reserves 
 
 Petroleum reserves included in this report are classified as proved. Only proved reserves have been evaluated for this report. Reserves classifications used in this report are in accordance with the reserves definitions of Rules 4 10(a) (1) (32) of Regulation S X of the SEC. Reserves are judged to be economically producible in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions and assuming continuation of current regulatory practices using conventional production methods and equipment. In the analyses of production-decline curves, reserves were estimated only to the limit of economic rates of production under existing economic and operating conditions using prices and costs consistent with the effective date of this report, including consideration of changes in existing prices provided only by contractual arrangements but not including escalations based upon future conditions. The petroleum reserves are classified as follows 
 
 Proved oil and gas reserves Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time. 
 
 (i) The area of the reservoir considered as proved includes 
 (A) The area identified by drilling and limited by fluid contacts, if any, and (B) Adjacent undrilled portions of the reservoir that can, with reasonable certainty, be judged to be continuous with it and to contain economically producible oil or gas on the basis of available geoscience and engineering data. 
 
 (ii) In the absence of data on fluid contacts, proved quantities in a reservoir are limited by the lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen in a well penetration unless geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable certainty. 
 
 (iii) Where direct observation from well penetrations has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves may be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establish the higher contact with reasonable certainty. 
 
 (iv) Reserves which can be produced economically through application of improved recovery techniques (including, but not limited to, fluid injection) are included in the proved classification when 
 (A) Successful testing by a pilot project in an area of the reservoir with properties no more favorable than in the reservoir as a whole, the operation of an installed program in the reservoir or an analogous reservoir, or other evidence using reliable technology establishes the reasonable certainty of the engineering analysis on which the project or program was based and (B) The project has been approved for development by all necessary parties and entities, including governmental entities. 
 
 (v) Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price shall be the average price during the 12 month period prior to the ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within such period, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future conditions. 

Developed oil and gas reserves Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered 
 
 (i) Through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well and 
 
 (ii) Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well. 
 
 Undeveloped oil and gas reserves Undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. 
 
 (i) Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances. 
 
 (ii) Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific circumstances justify a longer time. 
 
 (iii) Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated, unless such techniques have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir, as defined in section 210.4 10 (a) Definitions , or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty. 
 
 Methodology and Procedures 
 
 Estimates of reserves were prepared by the use of appropriate geologic, petroleum engineering, and evaluation principles and techniques that are in accordance with the reserves definitions of Rules 4 10(a) (1) (32) of Regulation S X of the SEC and with practices generally recognized by the petroleum industry as presented in the publication of the Society of Petroleum Engineers entitled Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information (revised June 2019) Approved by the SPE Board on 25 June 2019 and in Monograph 3 and Monograph 4 published by the Society of Petroleum Evaluation Engineers. The method or combination of methods used in the analysis of each reservoir was tempered by experience with similar reservoirs, stage of development, quality and completeness of basic data, and production history. 
 
 Based on the current stage of field development, production performance, the development plans provided by Ranger, and analyses of areas offsetting existing wells with test or production data, reserves were classified as proved. The proved undeveloped reserves estimates were based on opportunities identified in the plan of development provided by Ranger. 
 Ranger has represented that its senior management is committed to the development plan provided by Ranger and that Ranger has the financial capability to execute the development plan, including the drilling and completion of wells and the installation of equipment and facilities. 
 
 For the evaluation of unconventional reservoirs, a performance-based methodology integrating the appropriate geology and petroleum engineering data was utilized for this report. Performance-based methodology primarily includes (1) production diagnostics, (2) decline-curve analysis, and (3) model-based analysis (if necessary, based on availability of data). Production diagnostics include data quality control, identification of flow regimes, and characteristic well performance behavior. These analyses were performed for all well groupings (or type-curve areas). 

Characteristic rate-decline profiles from diagnostic interpretation were translated to modified hyperbolic rate profiles, including one or multiple b-exponent values followed by an exponential decline. Based on the availability of data, model-based analysis may be integrated to evaluate long-term decline behavior, the effect of dynamic reservoir and fracture parameters on well performance, and complex situations sourced by the nature of unconventional reservoirs. 
 
 In the evaluation of undeveloped reserves, type-well analysis was performed using well data from analogous reservoirs for which more complete historical performance data were available. 
 
 Data provided by Ranger from wells drilled through December 31, 2022, and made available for this evaluation were used to prepare the reserves estimates herein. These reserves estimates were based on consideration of monthly production data available for certain properties only through November 2022. Estimated cumulative production, as of December 31, 2022, was deducted from the estimated gross ultimate recovery to estimate gross reserves. This required that production be estimated for up to 1 month. 
 
 Oil and condensate reserves estimated herein are those to be recovered by normal field separation. NGL reserves estimated herein include pentanes and heavier fractions (C 5+ and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), which consists primarily of propane and butane fractions, and are the result of low-temperature plant processing. Oil, condensate, and NGL reserves included in this report are expressed in thousands of barrels (Mbbl). In these estimates, 1 barrel equals 42 United States gallons. For reporting purposes, oil and condensate reserves have been estimated separately and are presented herein as a summed quantity. 
 
 Gas quantities estimated herein are expressed as sales gas. Sales gas is defined as the total gas to be produced from the reservoirs, measured at the point of delivery, after reduction for fuel usage, flare, and shrinkage resulting from field separation and processing. Gas reserves estimated herein are reported as sales gas. Gas quantities are expressed at a temperature base of 60 degrees Fahrenheit F) and at a pressure base of 14.65 pounds per square inch absolute (psia). Gas quantities included in this report are expressed in millions of cubic feet (MMcf). 
 
 Gas quantities are identified by the type of reservoir from which the gas will be produced. Nonassociated gas is gas at initial reservoir conditions with no oil present in the reservoir. Associated gas is both gas-cap gas and solution gas. Gas-cap gas is gas at initial reservoir conditions and is in communication with an underlying oil zone. Solution gas is gas dissolved in oil at initial reservoir conditions. Gas quantities estimated herein include both associated and nonassociated gas. 
 
 At the request of Ranger, sales gas reserves estimated herein were converted to oil equivalent using an energy equivalent factor of 6,000 cubic feet of gas per 1 barrel of oil equivalent. 
 
 Primary Economic Assumptions 
 
 Revenue values in this report were estimated using initial prices, expenses, and costs provided by Ranger. Future prices were estimated using guidelines established by the SEC and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). The following economic assumptions were used for estimating the revenue values reported herein 
 
 Oil, Condensate, and NGL Prices 
 
 Ranger has represented that the oil, condensate, and NGL prices were based on a reference price, calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the 12-month period prior to the end of the reporting period, unless prices are defined by contractual agreements. Ranger supplied differentials to a West Texas Intermediate (WTI) reference price of 93.67 per barrel and the prices were held constant thereafter. The volume-weighted average prices attributable to the estimated proved reserves over the lives of the properties were 93.63 per barrel of oil and condensate and 35.42 per barrel of NGL. 

Gas Prices 
 
 Ranger has represented that the gas prices were based on a reference price, calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the 12 month period prior to the end of the reporting period, unless prices are defined by contractual agreements. Ranger supplied differentials to a Henry Hub reference price of 6.357 per million Btu and the prices were held constant thereafter. Btu factors provided by Ranger were used to convert prices from dollars per million Btu to dollars per thousand cubic feet. The volume-weighted average price attributable to the estimated proved reserves over the lives of the properties was 6.128 per thousand cubic feet of gas. 
 
 Production and Ad Valorem Taxes 
 
 Production taxes were calculated using the tax rates for Texas. Ad valorem taxes were calculated using rates provided by Ranger based on recent payments. 
 
 Operating Expenses, Capital Costs, and Abandonment Costs 
 
 Estimates of operating expenses and future capital expenditures, provided by Ranger and based on existing economic conditions, were held constant for the lives of the properties. In certain cases, future expenditures, either higher or lower than current expenditures, may have been used because of anticipated changes in operating conditions, but no general escalation that might result from inflation was applied. Abandonment costs, which are those costs associated with the removal of equipment, plugging of the wells, and reclamation and restoration associated with the abandonment, were provided by Ranger for all properties and were not adjusted for inflation. At the request of Ranger, abandonment costs and any associated negative future net revenue have been included herein for those proved developed properties for which reserves were estimated to be zero. Operating expenses, capital costs, and abandonment costs were considered, as appropriate, in determining the economic viability of the undeveloped reserves estimated herein. 
 
 In our opinion, the information relating to estimated proved reserves, estimated future net revenue from proved reserves, and present worth of estimated future net revenue from proved reserves of oil, condensate, NGL, and gas contained in this report has been prepared in accordance with Paragraphs 932 235-50-4, 932 235-50-6, 932-235-50-7, 932-235-50-9, 932-235-50-30, and 932 235-50-31(a), (b), and (e) of the Accounting Standards Update 932-235-50, Extractive Industries Oil and Gas (Topic 932) Oil and Gas Reserve Estimation and Disclosures (January 2010) of the FASB and Rules 4 10(a) (1) (32) of Regulation S X and Rules 302(b), 1201, 1202(a) (1), (2), (3), (4), (8), and 1203(a) of Regulation S K of the SEC provided, however, that (i) future income tax expenses have not been taken into account in estimating the future net revenue and present worth values set forth herein and (ii) estimates of the proved developed and proved undeveloped reserves are not presented at the beginning of the year. 
 
 To the extent the above-enumerated rules, regulations, and statements require determinations of an accounting or legal nature, we, as engineers, are necessarily unable to express an opinion as to whether the above-described information is in accordance therewith or sufficient therefor. 

Summary of Conclusions 
 DeGolyer and MacNaughton has performed an independent evaluation of the extent and value of the estimated net proved oil, condensate, NGL and gas reserves of certain properties in which Ranger has represented it holds an interest. The estimated net proved reserves, as of December 31, 2022, of the properties evaluated herein were based on the definition of proved reserves of the SEC and are summarized in the following table, expressed in thousands of barrels (Mbbl), millions of cubic feet (MMcf), and thousands of barrels of oil equivalent (Mboe) 
 
 Estimated by DeGolyer and MacNaughton Net Proved Reserves as of December 31, 2022 Oil and Condensate (Mbbl) NGL (Mbbl) Sales Gas (MMcf) Oil Equivalent (Mboe) Proved Developed 69,881 19,136 106,566 106,778 Proved Undeveloped 99,351 25,272 138,503 147,707 Total Proved 169,232 44,408 245,069 254,485 Note Sales gas reserves estimated herein were converted to oil equivalent using an energy equivalent factor of 6,000 cubic feet of gas per 1 barrel of oil equivalent. 
 
 The estimated future revenue to be derived from the production and sale of the net proved reserves, as of December 31, 2022, of the properties evaluated using the guidelines established by the SEC is summarized as follows, expressed in thousands of dollars (M 
 
 Proved Developed (M Total Proved (M Future Gross Revenue 7,872,644 18,918,984 Production and Ad Valorem Taxes 587,380 1,048,423 Operating Expenses 1,493,856 2,796,523 Capital and Abandonment Costs 57,480 2,876,385 Future Net Revenue 5,733,928 11,837,653 Present Worth at 10 Percent 3,210,439 5,554,551 Note Future income taxes have not been taken into account in the preparation of these estimates. 
 
 While the oil and gas industry may be subject to regulatory changes from time to time that could affect an industry participant s ability to recover its reserves, we are not aware of any such governmental actions which would restrict the recovery of the December 31, 2022, estimated reserves. 

DeGolyer and MacNaughton is an independent petroleum engineering consulting firm that has been providing petroleum consulting services throughout the world since 1936. DeGolyer and MacNaughton does not have any financial interest, including stock ownership, in Ranger. Our fees were not contingent on the results of our evaluation. This report has been prepared at the request of Ranger. DeGolyer and MacNaughton has used all assumptions, data, procedures, and methods that it considers necessary and appropriate to prepare this report. 
 Submitted, 
 s DeGOLYER and MacNAUGHTON 
 DeGOLYER and MacNAUGHTON Texas Registered Engineering Firm F-716 

s Dilhan Ilk, P.E. 
 ____________________________________ 
 Dilhan Ilk, P.E. 
 Senior Vice President 
 DeGolyer and MacNaughton 

CERTIFICATE of QUALIFICATION 
 
 I, Dilhan Ilk, Petroleum Engineer with DeGolyer and MacNaughton, 5001 Spring Valley Road, Suite 800 East, Dallas, Texas, 75244 U.S.A., hereby certify 
 
 1. That I am an Executive Vice President with DeGolyer and MacNaughton, which firm did prepare the report of third party addressed to Ranger dated February 2, 2023, and that I, as Executive Vice President, was responsible for the preparation of this report of third party. 
 
 2. That I attended Istanbul Technical University, and that I graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum Engineering in the year 2003, a Master of Science degree in Petroleum Engineering from Texas A&M University in 2005, and a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Petroleum Engineering from Texas A&M University in 2010 that I am a Registered Professional Engineer in the State of Texas that I am a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers and that I have in excess of 12 years of experience in oil and gas reservoir studies and reserves evaluations. 

s Dilhan Ilk, P.E. 
 ____________________________________ 
 Dilhan Ilk, P.E. 
 Senior Vice President 
 DeGolyer and MacNaughton 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 pva-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 pva-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 pva-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 pva-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 pva-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

