<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1474464_0000950170-23-011384.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6560827</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>231000</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2300778</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2325785</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>715844</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>889764</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-011384.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-011384
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			New York REIT Liquidating LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001474464
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				271065431
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36416
		FILM NUMBER:		23787827

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 BULFINCH PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02114
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 570-4750

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 BULFINCH PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New York REIT, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140409

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN REALTY CAPITAL NEW YORK RECOVERY REIT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091014

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-011384.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 ck0001474464-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended: , 
 Or 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its certificate of incorporation) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification Number) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
 Units 
 (Title of class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for at least the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant are included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-I(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule12b-2). Yes No 
 As of February 28, 2023 there were Units outstanding. 
 Documents incorporated by reference: None 
 	New York REIT Liquidating LLC is the successor in interest to New York REIT, Inc. and files reports under the Commission file number for New York REIT, Inc. 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 20 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved ] 
 24 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 30 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 31 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 31 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 31 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 32 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 34 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 36 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 38 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 39 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 41 

Signatures 
 	 42 

3 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Notes Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of New York REIT Liquidating LLC (the Company, we, our, or us and members of our management team, as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based, and generally are identified by the use of words such as may, will, seeks, anticipates, believes, approximates, estimates, expects, plans, intends, should, would or similar expressions. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Many of the factors that will determine these items are beyond our ability to control or predict. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, public health crises, such as the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, as well as those items set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 under Risk Factors in Part 1, Item 1A. 
 Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results over time, unless required by law. 
 The following are some of the risks and uncertainties, although not all the risks and uncertainties, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those presented in our forward-looking statements: 
 Our predecessor s (as defined below) board of directors adopted a plan of liquidation, which was approved by our predecessor s stockholders on January 3, 2017, to sell all or substantially all of the assets of the Company including our operating partnership, New York Recovery Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the OP ), and to liquidate and dissolve the Company and the OP (the Liquidation Plan ); however, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in selling our remaining investment and completing the Liquidation Plan; 

There can be no assurance as to the actual amount of liquidating distributions our unitholders will receive pursuant to the Liquidation Plan or when they will receive them; 

If we are unable to maintain the occupancy rates of currently leased space and lease currently available space or if tenants default under their leases or other obligations to us during the liquidation process, our cash flow will be reduced and our liquidating distributions may be reduced; 

Our investment property is located in the New York metropolitan statistical area MSA ), making us dependent upon the economic climate in New York City; 

If the COVID-19 pandemic continues for an extended period of time, the ability of our tenants to pay their contractual rents could be impacted resulting in our cash flow and liquidating distributions being reduced and the demand for New York City property may diminish and market values may be reduced, delaying or reducing our liquidating distributions; and 

We may be adversely affected by changes in general economic, business and political conditions, including the possibility of intensified international hostilities, acts of terrorism, and changes in conditions of United States or international lending, capital and financing markets. 

All forward-looking statements should be read together with the risks and other information discussed under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 4 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Organization 
 All references to the Liquidating LLC refer to New York REIT Liquidating LLC and all references to we, us, our, or the Company refer to New York REIT Liquidating LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to the Company s ownership, investment in, and rights and obligations and actions with respect to, WWP Holdings LLC or Worldwide Plaza refer to the interests, rights and obligations, and actions of the Company s subsidiary ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC, except that references relating to 90.7 million cash reserve established in 2017 from the proceeds of our sale of a 48.7 interest in Worldwide Plaza refer to amounts held by the Company and not by ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC. For example, statements such as our sole remaining property related asset is a 50.1 ownership interest in Worldwide Plaza, our interest in Worldwide Plaza, our joint venture partner in Worldwide Plaza, and similar statements refer to ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC s interests, activities, rights and obligations, and partner with respect to Worldwide Plaza. 
 New York REIT Liquidating LLC was formed on November 7, 2018 and is the successor in interest to New York REIT, Inc. (the Predecessor ). The Predecessor was incorporated on October 6, 2009 as a Maryland corporation that qualified as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes REIT beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 2010. On April 15, 2014, the Predecessor listed its common stock on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol NYRT. 
 The sole purpose of the Company is to wind up the Company s affairs and the liquidation of the Company s assets with no objective to continue or to engage in the conduct of a trade or business, except as necessary for the orderly liquidation of the Company s assets. 
 Substantially all of the Predecessor s business was conducted through its operating partnership, New York Recovery Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the OP ). 
 On August 22, 2016, the Predecessor s Board of Directors (the Board approved a plan of liquidation to sell in an orderly manner all or substantially all of the assets of the Predecessor and its OP and to liquidate and dissolve the Predecessor and the OP (the Liquidation Plan ), subject to stockholder approval (see Note 2). The Liquidation Plan was approved at a special meeting of stockholders on January 3, 2017. All of the assets held by the OP have been sold and the OP was dissolved prior to the conversion on November 7, 2018. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s only significant assets are a 50.1 equity interest in WWP Holdings LLC WWP which owns one property, aggregating 2.0 million rentable square feet, with an occupancy of 91.0 , and a 90.7 million cash reserve. The Company s property consists of office space, retail space and a garage, representing 88 , 5 and 7 , respectively, of rentable square feet at December 31, 2022. 
 Prior to February 28, 2023, the Company sold all of its properties except for the remaining 50.1 interest in Worldwide Plaza. Also, prior to February 28, 2023, the Company, together with the Predecessor, paid aggregate cash liquidating distributions of 1.0 billion, or 61.58 per common share/unit of common membership. 
 The Company has no employees. Since March 8, 2017, all advisory duties are administered by Winthrop REIT Advisors, LLC (the Winthrop Advisor ). 
 Under the Liquidation Plan, the Predecessor was not, and under our limited liability company agreement we are not, permitted to make any new investments except to make protective acquisitions or advances with respect to our existing assets. We are permitted to satisfy any existing contractual obligations and fund required tenant improvements and capital expenditures at our real estate property owned by the joint venture in which we own an interest. 
 The Liquidation Plan enables us to sell any and all of our assets without further approval of the unitholders and provides that liquidating distributions be made to the unitholders as determined by the Company s Board of Managers (the Board of Managers ). 
 
 In October 2018, the Predecessor announced the withdrawal of its common stock from listing on the NYSE in connection with the conversion. November 2, 2018 was the last day on which shares of its common stock were traded on the NYSE and our stock 
 5 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 transfer books were closed as of 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on such date. At the effective time of the conversion, each outstanding share of common stock was converted into one unit of common membership interest in the Liquidating LLC (a Unit ), and holders of shares of the Predecessor s common stock automatically received one Unit (which Unit was in book entry form) for each share of the common stock held by such stockholder. Unlike shares of the Predecessor s common stock, which, in addition to being listed on the NYSE, were freely transferable, Units are not listed for trading and generally are not transferable except by will, intestate succession or operation of law. Therefore, the holders of Units do not have the ability to realize any value from these interests except from distributions made by the Company, the timing of which will be solely in the discretion of the Board of Managers. 
 
 The Board of Managers was comprised of three members: Randolph C. Read, Craig T. Bouchard and Howard Goldberg. On November 7, 2022, Howard Goldberg resigned from the Board of Managers, effective immediately, pursuant to the terms of the Limited Liability Agreement of the Company. This was not as a result of any disagreement with the operations, policies or practices of the Company. On November 9, 2022, Michael L. Ashner was appointed as a member of the Board of Managers. Since November 9, 2022, the Board of Managers is comprised of Randolph C. Read, Craig T. Bouchard and Michael L. Ashner. 
 
 Additionally, John Lee and Joseph Moinian, representing two of the Company s largest unitholders, served as observers to the Board of Managers from October 4, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively, in unpaid positions with no voting rights in connection with Board of Managers matters. On November 8, 2022, John Lee resigned from his position as an observer to the Board of Managers, effective immediately, in accordance with the terms of the previously disclosed Board Observer Agreement between himself and the Company. On November 13, 2022, Joseph Moinian resigned from his position as an observer to the Board of Managers, effective immediately, in accordance with the terms of the previously disclosed Board Observer Agreement between himself and the Company. 
 The Company is deemed to be the same entity as the Predecessor with the same assets and liabilities as the Predecessor on the date of conversion. In addition, the charter and bylaws of the Predecessor were replaced by the operating agreement of the Company. For tax purposes, the fair value of each Unit in the Company received by stockholders when the conversion became effective, which reflected the value of the remaining assets of the Company (net of liabilities), was 14.00 per Unit and was equal to the average of the high and low trading prices for shares of the Predecessor s common stock on the last three days on which the shares were traded on the NYSE. 
 The business of the Company is the same as the business of the Predecessor immediately preceding the conversion, which, consistent with the Liquidation Plan, consists of the continued ownership of the Predecessor s interest in Worldwide Plaza, the only remaining property-related asset. Under its operating agreement, the business and affairs of the Company will be managed by or under the direction of its Board of Managers, and the sole purpose is winding up the affairs of the Company and the liquidation of its remaining property-related asset. On March 14, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the operating agreement of the Company, the Board of Managers extended the term of the Company such that the Company will remain in existence until the earlier of (i) the distribution of all Company assets pursuant to liquidation, or (ii) December 31, 2023. The term may be extended to such later date as the Board of Managers determines is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes of the Company. 
 The dissolution process and the amount and timing of distributions to unitholders involves risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the timing or aggregate amount which will be ultimately distributed to unitholders and no assurance can be given that the distributions will equal or exceed the estimate of net assets presented in the Consolidated Statements of Net Assets. 
 Sales Pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation 
 Pursuant to the Liquidation Plan, excluding the partial sale of Worldwide Plaza, we sold six properties for an aggregate purchase price of 1.325 billion during 2017 and ten properties for an aggregate purchase price of 479.6 million in 2018. There were no property sales during the years 2019-2022. 
 Assets 
 Our one remaining property asset is located in New York, New York. See Properties in Part I, Item 2 for a description of our remaining asset. 
 6 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Indebtedness 
 At December 31, 2022, we indirectly had debt of 601.2 million of unconsolidated mortgage debt reflecting our pro rata share of Worldwide Plaza s total mortgage debt of 1.2 billion, with a weighted average interest rate equal to 3.98 per annum and a weighted average term to maturity of five years. 
 Tax Status 
 The Liquidating LLC is treated as a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes. Accordingly, no provision or benefit for income taxes is made in the consolidated financial statements. Distributions from the Liquidating LLC are not taxable in and of themselves. Unitholders will receive a Schedule K-1 from the Liquidating LLC annually reflecting their allocable share of the Liquidating LLC s income, loss, gains and deductions. 
 Competition 
 The New York City real estate market is highly competitive and there are many competing properties in the New York MSA. With respect to the remaining property asset that we own, we compete for tenants based on a number of factors that include location, rental rates, security, suitability of the property s design to prospective tenants needs and the manner in which the property is operated and marketed. Many competitors have substantially greater marketing budgets and financial resources than we do which could limit our success when we compete with them directly. Competition could have a material effect on our occupancy levels, rental rates and on property operating expenses. The manager for leasing activity at our remaining property also manages leasing activity for multiple properties in New York MSA that we do not have an interest in, and we could compete with them for tenants. We also may compete with other entities advised or sponsored by affiliates of the Winthrop Advisor for tenants. 
 Subsequent to the adoption of the Liquidation Plan we have competition from newly developed as well as existing properties located in the New York City real estate market both from an operations perspective and with respect to the disposition of our property. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business and our net assets in liquidation. 
 Regulations 
 Our investment is subject to various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including, among other things, zoning regulations, land use controls, environmental controls relating to air and water quality, noise pollution and indirect environmental impacts such as increased motor vehicle activity. We believe that we have all permits and approvals necessary under current law to operate our investment. 
 Environmental 
 As an owner of real estate, we are subject to various environmental laws of federal, state and local governments. Compliance with existing laws has not had a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, and management does not believe it will have such an impact in the future. However, we cannot predict the impact of unforeseen environmental contingencies or new or changed laws or regulations on the property in which we hold an interest. 
 Employees 
 We have no employees. The employees of the Winthrop Advisor and their affiliates perform a full range of real estate services for us, including accounting, asset management and investor relations services. 
 
 We are dependent on these affiliates for services that are essential to us, including asset dispositions, asset management and other general administrative responsibilities. 
 Financial Information About Industry Segments 
 With the adoption of the Liquidation Plan, we have only one reporting segment subsequent to January 3, 2017. 
 7 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Available Information and Company s Website 
 Our website is located at www.nyrt.com . We post filings on our website as soon as practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to the SEC, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and any amendments to such reports or statements. All such postings and filings are available on the Investor portion of our website free of charge. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, which is available free of charge. 
 We are not incorporating by reference our website or any information contained on or connected to our website into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Set forth below are the risk factors that we believe are material to our investors. The occurrence of any of the risks discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could have a material adverse effect on our Liquidation Plan or could delay or reduce liquidating distributions to our unitholders. In this section, references to you refers to the holders of our Units. 
 Risks Related to The Liquidation Plan 
 We cannot assure you of the actual amount you will receive in liquidating distributions pursuant to the Liquidation Plan or when you will receive them. 
 The net proceeds of the Liquidation Plan will be distributed to unitholders over time in one or more liquidating distributions. The actual amount that we will distribute to you in the liquidation will depend upon the actual amount of our liabilities, the actual proceeds from the sale of our remaining property, the actual fees and expenses incurred in connection with the sale of our property, the actual expenses incurred in the administration of our property prior to disposition, our actual general and administrative expenses, including fees paid to the Winthrop Advisor and its affiliates and other liabilities that may be incurred by us, our ability to avoid U.S. federal income and excise taxes throughout the period of the liquidation process and other factors. If our liabilities (including, without limitation, tax liabilities and compliance costs) are greater than we currently expect or if the sales price of our remaining property related asset is less than we expect, you will receive less in total liquidating distributions. 
 While we have previously provided estimates about the timing and amount of liquidating distributions that we will make, these estimates are based on multiple assumptions, one or more of which may prove to be incorrect, and the actual amount of liquidating distributions we pay to you may be more or less than these estimates. We cannot assure you of the actual amount you will receive in liquidating distributions pursuant to the Liquidation Plan or when they will be paid. 
 
 We have filed an action for declaratory judgment in Delaware Chancery Court seeking to affirm the Company s right to distribute the 90.7 million cash reserve. Our joint venture partner has opposed our right to do so which will affect our ability to make such distributions to unitholders. 
 
 We initially set aside approximately 90.7 million from the 2017 refinancing proceeds to cover our share of potential future leasing and capital costs at the property; as discussed in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies, we believe that any obligation to reserve this amount has lapsed and we are seeking a declaratory judgment in the Delaware Court of Chancery that we are permitted to distribute the reserved funds. 
 
 Our subsidiary, ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC, has sought declaratory relief that it need not fund certain disputed capital contributions exceeding 82 million under the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of WWP Holdings, LLC LLC Agreement related to proposed capital improvements at Worldwide Plaza. WWP JV LLC s counterclaim 
 8 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 against the Company seeks declaratory relief that the Company must continue to maintain the 90.7 million cash reserve until such time as a member of WWP Holdings, LLC issues a call notice for such reserved funds under the LLC Agreement. 
 
 The Company cannot predict and expresses no prediction as to the outcome of these matters. 
 
 If we are unable to find buyers for our assets on a timely basis or at our expected sales prices, our liquidating distributions may be delayed or reduced. 
 As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our remaining interest in Worldwide Plaza is our only remaining property related asset. The sales price that we will ultimately be able to obtain for our asset is subject to many variables. For example, in order to find a buyer in a timely manner, we may be required to lower our asking price below the low end of our current estimate of the asset s market value. If we are not able to find a buyer for this asset in a timely manner or if we have overestimated the sales price we will receive, our liquidating distributions to our unitholders would be delayed or reduced. Furthermore, real estate sales prices are constantly changing and fluctuate with changes in interest rates, supply and demand dynamics, occupancy percentages, lease rates, the availability of suitable buyers, the perceived quality and dependability of income flows from tenants and a number of other factors, both local and national. In addition, the amount of transactional fees and expenses or unknown liabilities, if any, may adversely impact the net liquidation proceeds from our assets. 
 If the COVID-19 pandemic materially impacts cash flow at Worldwide Plaza, our liquidating distributions may be delayed or reduced. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an impact on the ability of the tenants at Worldwide Plaza to pay their contractual rents when due or at all. This is especially true for retail and amenities tenants that have been and may continue to be forced to close as a result of government protective measures. Delays or reductions in the payment of rent by tenants of the property, will result in delays or reductions in the cash distributions we receive from the property which will affect the timing and amount of liquidating distributions to our unitholders. Given the uncertainty around the extent and timing of the potential future spread or mitigation of the COVID-19 pandemic and the imposition or relaxation of protective measures, we cannot at this time reasonably estimate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic to our liquidating distributions and the impact could be material. 
 If the COVID-19 pandemic continues for an extended period of time, the demand for New York City properties may diminish and market values could be reduced, delaying or reducing our liquidating distributions. 
 The full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is unknown and is dependent on various factors and consequences outside of our control. Should the effects of the pandemic and government protective measures in response thereto continue for an extended period of time, the demand for properties in the New York City metropolitan area may be reduced, making it more difficult for us to sell our remaining interest in Worldwide Plaza in the timeframe contemplated by the Liquidation Plan or for the current estimated market value of the property. If we are not able to find a buyer for this asset in a timely manner or if we have overestimated the sales price we will receive, whether because of the current economic environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, our liquidating distributions to our unitholders could be delayed or reduced. 
 We may require additional capital to implement the Liquidation Plan. 
 It is possible we may require additional funds for other capital needs including capital expenditures, working capital and other expenses related to our remaining investment property. There is no assurance that we will have sufficient capital to complete the Liquidation Plan effectively. If we need additional capital, we are unlikely to be able to access the capital markets and any failure to obtain financing to meet our capital needs, on favorable terms or at all, could reduce and delay the liquidating distributions we make to our unitholders from the property. 
 
 We are dependent on our joint venture partner, which is the administrative member and has day-to-day control over the activities of Worldwide Plaza, and there can be no assurance as to the timing of a sale of Worldwide Plaza or that we will realize our estimated value. 
 Our only remaining investment is our 50.1 equity interest in the joint venture that owns Worldwide Plaza. While we own a majority of the membership interests in Worldwide Plaza, under the Worldwide Plaza joint venture agreement, our joint venture partner, which is a joint venture between an affiliate of SL Green Realty Corp. and a private equity fund sponsored by RXR Realty 
 9 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 LLC, is the manager of the joint venture and is responsible for day-to-day management of Worldwide Plaza. All major decisions require the consent of the WWP Board of Managers, however, we do not have control of the day-to-day decisions to be made by Worldwide Plaza, and therefore we are dependent on our joint venture partners and there is a risk of impasse. Additionally, under the joint venture agreement, we would lose approval rights relating to property-level major decisions for Worldwide Plaza if our current designee ceased to serve on the WWP Board of Managers and we did not appoint a replacement consented to by our joint venture partners, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, within 90 days. Investments in joint ventures, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third party not involved. Our joint venture partner may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Disputes between us and our joint venture partner have resulted, and may in the future result, in litigation. See Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies of our notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on From 10-K. Consequently, actions by or disputes with our joint venture partner might result in subjecting us to additional risk. In addition, in certain circumstances we may be liable for the actions of our joint venture partner or subject to dilution of our interest if we fail to make capital contributions to the venture in accordance with the terms of agreements regarding such contributions. 
 We have a right to transfer our membership interests in Worldwide Plaza to purchasers meeting certain qualifications, subject to a right of first offer to our joint venture partner. Commencing January 18, 2022, we and our joint venture partner also have the right to require the joint venture to market the property owned by it for sale, subject to a right of first offer to our joint venture partner. 
 Any transferee of our interest would acquire an interest subject to the same limitations on participation in the management of Worldwide Plaza that are applicable to us. There can be no assurance these limitations will not affect our ability to sell our interest in Worldwide Plaza or the amount we would receive on a sale. In addition, we may determine that a sale of the property rather than our interest in Worldwide Plaza is the best way to maximize the value of our interest in Worldwide Plaza. A sale of the property could substantially delay the timing of our complete liquidation. Additionally, the existence of the right of first offers may delay our ability to sell the Worldwide Plaza property or our interest in Worldwide Plaza on terms and in the timeframe of our choosing and may diminish the price we receive on a sale. 
 The timing of the sale of the property, or our interest in the property, and the ultimate value we receive from the sale, are subject to change. We initially set aside approximately 90.7 million from the 2017 refinancing proceeds to cover our share of potential future leasing and capital costs at the property; as discussed in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies, we believe that any obligation to reserve this amount has lapsed and we are seeking a declaratory judgment in the Delaware Court of Chancery that we are permitted to distribute the reserved funds. 
 Our ability to sell the Worldwide Plaza property may be delayed by a right of first offer held by one of the tenants of the Worldwide Plaza property. 
 The lease with one of the tenants at the Worldwide Plaza property contains a right of first offer in the event that WWP is selling 100 of the property. The right requires that WWP offer the tenant the option to purchase 100 of the Worldwide Plaza property, at a price (and on other material terms) proposed by WWP prior to selling the Worldwide Plaza property to a third party. If, after a 45-day period, that tenant does not accept the offer, WWP may then sell the Worldwide Plaza property to a third party, provided that WWP will be required to re-offer the property to that tenant if we desire to sell the Worldwide Plaza property for a purchase price (and other economic consideration) less than 92.5 of the initial purchase price contained in the offer to that tenant. The existence of this right of first offer may delay WWP s ability to sell the Worldwide Plaza property on terms and in the timeframe of our choosing and may diminish the price other potential purchasers may be willing to pay for the Worldwide Plaza property, which may reduce or delay the liquidating distributions that will be paid to our unitholders. 
 If we make distributions to our members without making adequate provisions for payment of creditors claims or expenses, the amount of liquidation proceeds will be reduced, and our members would be liable to the creditors to the extent of any payments due to creditors. 
 Under Delaware law, certain obligations or liabilities imposed by law on our members, managers or officers cannot be avoided when our Company is dissolved in accordance with the Liquidation Plan. For example, if we make distributions to our members without making adequate provisions for payment of creditors claims and expenses, the amount of liquidation proceeds will be reduced, and our members could be liable to the creditors to the extent of any payments due to creditors. To the extent that we have underestimated the size of our contingency reserve and distributions to our members have already been paid, our members may be required to return some or all of such distributions. 
 10 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Decreases in property values may reduce the amount we receive upon the sale of our remaining property related asset, which would reduce the amount our members receive in liquidating distributions. 
 The Liquidation Plan provides for the sale of all our assets, which are real estate investments, and we cannot predict whether we will be able to do so at a price or on terms and conditions acceptable to us. Investments in real properties are relatively illiquid. The amount we receive upon the sale of our asset depends on the underlying value of our asset, and the underlying value of our asset may be reduced by a number of factors that are beyond our control, including, without limitation, the following: 
 changes in general economic or local conditions; 

changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing properties in an area; 

changes in interest rates and availability of mortgage funds that may render the sale of the property difficult or unattractive; 

increases in operating expenses; 

the financial performance of our tenants, and the ability of our tenants to satisfy their obligations under their leases; 

vacancies and inability to lease or sublease space; 

potential major repairs which are not presently contemplated or other contingent liabilities associated with the asset; 

competition; and 

changes in tax, real estate, environmental and zoning laws. 

In addition, because we only own one property related asset following the sales completed to date, any item which adversely affects this property will have a greater effect on the Company than it would if we owned more properties and were more diversified. 

If our liquidation costs or unpaid liabilities are greater than we expect, our liquidating distributions may be delayed or reduced. 
 Before making the final liquidating distribution, we will need to pay or arrange for the payment of all of our transaction costs in the liquidation, all other costs and all valid claims of our creditors. Our Board of Managers may also decide to acquire one or more insurance policies covering unknown or contingent claims against us, for which we would pay a premium which has not yet been determined. Our Board of Managers may also decide to establish a reserve fund to pay these contingent claims. In addition, if the claims of our creditors are greater than we have anticipated, our liquidating distributions may be delayed or reduced from our estimates. Further, if we decide to acquire one or more insurance policies covering unknown or contingent claims against us or a reserve fund is established, payment of liquidating distributions to our unitholders may be delayed or reduced. 
 Defaults under future sale agreements may delay or reduce liquidating distributions. 
 In connection with completing the Liquidation Plan, we will seek to enter into a binding sale agreement for our remaining property. The consummation of the potential sale for which we will enter into a sale agreement in the future will be subject to satisfaction of closing conditions. If the transaction contemplated by this future sale agreement does not close because of a buyer default, failure of a closing condition or for any other reason, we may not be able to enter into a new agreement on a timely basis or on terms that are as favorable as the original sale agreement. Any delay in the completion of the asset sale could delay our payment of liquidating distributions to our unitholders. We will also incur additional costs involved in locating a new buyer and negotiating a new sale agreement for this asset. If we incur these additional costs, our liquidating distributions to our unitholders would be reduced. 
 If the Internal Revenue Service IRS takes the view that the conversion was a sale of assets from New York REIT, Inc. to New York REIT Liquidating LLC constituting a prohibited transaction, then the conversion may be subject to a 100 excise tax on the net income from such prohibited transaction, which would reduce the amount of our liquidating distributions. 
 REITs are subject to a 100 excise tax on any net income from prohibited transactions, which include sales or other dispositions of property held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of the REIT s trade or business which is not a foreclosure property. The determination of whether property is held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our trade or business is inherently factual in nature and, thus, cannot be predicted with certainty although the Code does provide a safe harbor for certain types of transactions. 
 11 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Following the conversion, we no longer qualify for taxation as a REIT, but rather we are taxed as a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes. As a result, we are no longer subject to the 100 excise tax on the net income of prohibited transactions applicable to REITs for future sales. However, if the IRS takes the view that the conversion (which was treated as a sale of assets from New York REIT, Inc. to New York REIT Liquidating LLC) gave rise to one or more prohibited transactions resulting in the payment of taxes by us, then the amount of liquidating distributions to our unitholders could be significantly reduced. 
 Stockholder litigation related to the Liquidation Plan could result in substantial costs and distract our management. 
 Historically, extraordinary corporate actions by a company, such as the Liquidation Plan, sometimes lead to securities class action lawsuits being filed against that company. We were already subject to a stockholder lawsuit, which has subsequently been dismissed on the basis of a provision in the Predecessor s bylaws providing that the state or federal courts of Maryland are the sole and exclusive forum, and which could be appealed, that included claims related to the strategic alternatives process that led to the approval of the Liquidation Plan and may become subject to more of this type of litigation as a result of the Liquidation Plan. Defending ourselves in this litigation may be expensive and, even if we ultimately prevail, the process of defending against lawsuits will divert management s attention from implementing the Liquidation Plan and otherwise operating our business. If we do not prevail in any lawsuit, we may be liable for damages. We cannot predict the amount of any such damages, however, if applicable, they may be significant and may cause liquidating distributions to our unitholders to be reduced and/or delayed. 
 Unitholders could be liable to creditors to the extent of liquidating distributions received if contingent reserves are insufficient to satisfy our liabilities. 
 If a court holds at any time that we have failed to make adequate provision for our expenses and liabilities or if the amount ultimately required to be paid in respect of such liabilities exceeds the amount available from the contingency reserve and the assets of the limited liability company, our creditors could seek an injunction to prevent us from making distributions under the Liquidation Plan. Any such action could delay or substantially diminish the cash distributions to be paid to holders of beneficial interests of the limited liability company under the Liquidation Plan. 
 12 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Interests in the limited liability company are generally non-transferable. 
 Any stockholders who did not sell their shares of common stock prior to the conversion received membership interests in the limited liability company equivalent to their ownership interests in the Predecessor as represented by the shares of common stock they held prior to the conversion. Membership interests in the limited liability company are generally non-transferable except by will, intestate succession or operation of law. Because of the illiquid nature of these interests, there can be no assurance as to how long any holder thereof may be required to hold them. 
 Risks Related to Our Properties and Operations 
 Our remaining property related asset is located in the New York MSA, making us dependent upon the economic climate in New York City. 
 Our one remaining investment is located in the New York MSA. We are subject to risks generally inherent in concentrating investments in a certain geography. These risks resulting from a lack of diversification may become even greater in the event of a downturn in the commercial real estate industry and could significantly adversely affect the value of our property. A downturn in New York City s economy, in a submarket within New York City or in the overall national economy could, for example, result in reduced demand for office space. Likewise, declines in the financial services or media sectors may have a disproportionate adverse effect on the New York City real estate market. We believe that there has been a softening in the market for office real estate in New York City which has affected and could continue to affect the proceeds from sale of our property. 
 Because our portfolio includes a commercial office building located in the New York MSA, which has a relatively large number of financial and professional services sector, significant job losses in the financial and professional services sector may decrease demand for office space, causing market rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted. 
 We may be adversely affected by certain trends that reduce demand for office real estate. 
 Some businesses are rapidly evolving to increasingly permit employee telecommuting, flexible work schedules, open workplaces and teleconferencing. These practices enable businesses to reduce their space requirements. A continuation of the movement towards these practices could over time erode the overall demand for office space and, in turn, place downward pressure on occupancy, rental rates and property valuations. 
 We face significant competition for tenants. 
 The New York City real estate market is highly competitive and there are many competing properties in the New York MSA. With respect to the asset that we own, we compete for tenants based on a number of factors that include location, rental rates, security, suitability of the property s design to prospective tenants needs and the manner in which the property is operated and marketed. Many competitors have substantially greater marketing budgets and financial resources than we do, which could limit our success when we compete with them directly. Competition could have a material effect on our occupancy levels, rental rates and on property operating expenses. We also may compete with other entities advised or sponsored by affiliates of the Winthrop Advisor as well SL Green Realty Corp. and RXR Realty LLC, as our partners under the Worldwide Plaza joint venture agreement for tenants. 
 Subsequent to the adoption of the Liquidation Plan we have competition from other properties located in the New York City real estate market both from an operations perspective and with respect to the disposition of our asset. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business and our net assets in liquidation. 
 We may be unable to renew leases or re-lease space as leases expire. 
 We may be unable to renew expiring leases on terms and conditions that are as, or more, favorable as the terms and conditions of the expiring leases. For example, the lease for approximately 618,000 square feet of office space with Cravath, Swaine Moore LLP Cravath, Swaine Moore expires in August 2024 and the tenant has informed Worldwide Plaza that it does not intend to enter into a new lease upon expiration of the existing lease. In addition, vacancies may occur at our property due to a default by a tenant on its lease or expiration of a lease. Vacancies may reduce the value of a property as a result of reduced cash flow generated by the property. In addition, changes in space utilization by our tenants may impact our ability to renew or relet space without the need to incur substantial costs in renovating or redesigning the internal configuration of the relevant property. If we are unable to promptly 
 13 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 renew expiring leases or re-lease the space at similar rates or if we incur substantial costs in renewing or re-leasing the space, our cash flow and the amount of liquidating distributions we pay could be adversely affected. 
 We also may experience a decrease in occupancy and rental rates accompanied by increases in the cost of re-leasing space (including for tenant improvements) and in uncollectible receivables. Early lease terminations may significantly contribute to a decline in occupancy of our office property and may adversely affect the value of the impacted property. While lease termination fees increase current period income, future rental income may be diminished. During periods in which market rents decline, it is unlikely that we will collect from replacement tenants the full contracted amount which had been payable under the terminated leases. 
 Tenant credit concentrations make us more susceptible to adverse events with respect to those tenants. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following existing tenants represented 5 or more of our total annualized cash base rents: 

Tenant 
 
 Percentage of Annualized Cash Base Rent 

Cravath, Swaine Moore, LLP [1] 

50 

Nomura Holdings America, Inc. [1] 

29 

(1) Annualized cash base rent reflects our 50.1 pro rata share of rent generated by Worldwide Plaza. 

The financial failure of any or all of these tenants is likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, the value of the applicable property or the amount or timing of liquidating distributions. In addition, the value of our property is driven in part by the credit quality of the underlying tenants, and an adverse change in the tenants financial conditions or a decline in the credit rating of such tenants may result in a decline in the value of our property. 
 As noted above, the lease with Cravath, Swaine Moore expires in August 2024 and the tenant has informed Worldwide Plaza that it does not intend to enter into a new lease upon expiration of the existing lease. 
 If a tenant declares bankruptcy, we may be unable to collect balances due under relevant leases. 
 Any of our tenants, or any guarantor of a tenant s lease obligations, could be subject to a bankruptcy proceeding pursuant to Title 11 of the bankruptcy laws of the United States. A bankruptcy filing by one of our tenants or any guarantor of a tenant s lease obligations would bar all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from these entities or their properties, unless we receive an enabling order from the bankruptcy court. There is no assurance the tenant or its trustee would agree to assume the lease. If a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have a general unsecured claim for damages and it is unlikely we would receive any payments from the tenant. 
 A tenant or lease guarantor bankruptcy could delay efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant leases, and could ultimately preclude full collection of these sums. A tenant or lease guarantor bankruptcy could cause a decrease or cessation of rental payments, which could adversely affect our financial condition or the amount or timing of our liquidating distributions. 
 Our ability to operate our business and complete the Liquidation Plan depends upon the participation of executive officers, and other key personnel of the Winthrop Advisor, and there is no assurance that the advisory agreement with the Winthrop Advisor (the Current Advisory Agreement will continue to be extended or that such officers and personnel will remain in place. 
 We are an externally managed company and have no employees of our own, and our ability to operate our business, including completing the Liquidation Plan and otherwise operate on a day-to-day basis, will depend to a significant degree upon the contributions of our executive officers, and other key personnel of the Winthrop Advisor. Personnel and services that we require are provided to us under contracts with an external advisor, and we are dependent on an external advisor to manage our operations and manage our real estate assets, including sale of our real estate assets. These responsibilities also include arranging financings, if needed, providing accounting services, providing information technology services, preparing and filing all reports required to be filed by it with the SEC, the IRS and other regulatory agencies. 
 14 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 The Advisory Agreement, as amended, provided for a term ending on November 7, 2018, the conversion date, and provides for the Advisory Agreement to automatically renew for one month periods on the expiration of any renewal term, unless terminated by either the Company or the Winthrop Advisor on 45 days notice before the expiration of any renewal term. 
 The termination of the Current Advisory Agreement or the loss of, or inability to retain, any key personnel of the Winthrop Advisor could adversely affect our business or our ability to successfully complete the Liquidation Plan. There can be no assurance that the Winthrop Advisor will otherwise be able to retain the services of our executive officers and other key personnel needed to successfully complete the Liquidation Plan. 
 Any adverse changes in the financial condition of, or our relationship with, the Winthrop Advisor could hinder our ability to successfully manage our investment and complete our plan of liquidation. Additionally, changes in ownership or management practices, the occurrence of adverse events affecting the Winthrop Advisor or its affiliates or other companies advised by the Winthrop Advisor and its affiliates could create adverse publicity and adversely affect us and our relationship with lenders, tenants or counterparties. 
 Our operating results are affected by economic and regulatory changes that can have an adverse impact on the real estate market in general. 
 Our operating results are subject to risks generally incident to the ownership of real estate, including: 
 changes in general economic or local conditions; 

changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing properties in an area; 

changes in interest rates and availability of mortgage funds that may render the sale of a property difficult or unattractive; 

increases in operating expenses; 

vacancies and inability to lease or sublease space; 

changes in tax, real estate, environmental and zoning laws; and 

periods of high interest rates and tight money supply. 

Uninsured losses relating to real property or excessively expensive premiums for insurance coverage would reduce our cash flows and our liquidating distributions. 
 Our general liability coverage, property insurance coverage and umbrella liability coverage on our property may not be adequate to insure against liability claims and provide for the costs of defense. Similarly, we may not have adequate coverage against the risk of direct physical damage or to reimburse us on a replacement cost basis for costs incurred to repair or rebuild our property. Moreover, there are types of losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters that are uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. Insurance risks associated with such catastrophic events could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. 
 
 Changes in the cost or availability of insurance could expose us to uninsured casualty losses. If our property incurs a casualty loss that is not fully insured, the value of our asset will be reduced by any such uninsured loss, which would reduce our liquidating distributions. In addition, other than any working capital reserve or other reserves we may establish, we have no source of funding to repair or reconstruct any uninsured property. Also, to the extent we must pay unexpectedly large amounts for insurance, the amount of liquidating distributions we make to our unitholders would be negatively impacted. 
 Additionally, mortgage lenders insist in some cases that commercial property owners purchase coverage against terrorism as a condition for providing mortgage loans. Accordingly, to the extent terrorism risk insurance policies are not available at reasonable costs, if at all, our ability to finance or refinance our properties could be impaired. In such instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. We may not have adequate, or any, coverage for such losses. 
 15 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence, civilian unrest, or war may affect the markets in which we operate our business and our profitability. 
 Our property related asset is located in the New York MSA which has experienced, and remains susceptible to, terrorist attacks. In addition, any kind of terrorist activity or violent criminal acts, including terrorist acts against public institutions or buildings or modes of public transportation (including airlines, trains or buses) could have a negative effect on our business and the value of our property. More generally, any terrorist attack, other act of violence or war, including armed conflicts, could result in increased volatility in, or damage to, the worldwide financial markets and economy including demand for properties and the availability of financing. 
 The impact of volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets could increase our counterparty credit risks 
 Economic downturns, including failures of financial institutions and any related liquidity crisis, can disrupt the capital and credit markets. Such disruptions could cause counterparties to be unable to perform their obligations or to breach their obligations to us under our contracts with them. While we believe that there is a low likelihood that our counterparties will fail to meet their obligations, there can be no assurance that we will adequately protect against these risks. 
 Our property taxes could increase due to reassessment or property tax rate changes. 
 We are required to pay real property taxes in respect of our property and such taxes may increase as our property is reassessed by taxing authorities or as property tax rates change. An increase in the assessed value of our property or our property tax rates could adversely impact our financial condition and reduce the amount of liquidating distributions we make to our unitholders. 
 Costs of complying with governmental laws and regulations, including those relating to environmental matters and discovery of previously undetected environmentally hazardous conditions may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in such property. The costs of removal or remediation could be substantial. Such laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures. Environmental laws provide for sanctions for noncompliance and may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, by private parties. Certain environmental laws and common law principles could be used to impose liability for release of and exposure to hazardous substances, including asbestos-containing materials into the air, and third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury or property damage associated with exposure to released hazardous substances. 
 
 In addition, when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold has been increasing, as exposure to mold may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of significant mold at our remaining property asset could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected property, which would adversely affect our operating results. 
 The cost of defending against claims of liability, of compliance with environmental regulatory requirements, of remediating any contaminated property, or of paying personal injury claims could materially adversely affect our business, the value of our property and, consequently, the amounts available to make liquidating distributions to our unitholders. 
 Environmental laws also may impose liens on property or restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures or prevent us from operating such property. Some of these laws and regulations have been amended so as to require compliance with new or more stringent standards as of future dates. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretation of existing laws may require us to incur material expenditures. Future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material environmental liability. 
 16 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 There are costs associated with complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the Disabilities Act ). 
 Our properties are subject to the Disabilities Act. Under the Disabilities Act, all places of public accommodation are required to comply with federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The Disabilities Act has separate compliance requirements for public accommodations and commercial facilities that generally require that buildings and services, including restaurants and retail stores, be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. The Disabilities Act s requirements could require removal of access barriers and could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties, or, in some cases, an award of damages. 
 Our business could suffer in the event the Winthrop Advisor or any other party that provides us with services essential to our operations experiences system failures or cyber-incidents or a deficiency in cybersecurity. 
 Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for the internal information technology systems of the Winthrop Advisor and other parties that provide us with services essential to our operations, we are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including computer viruses, unauthorized access, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication failures. Any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption to our business. 
 A cyber-incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of information resources. More specifically, a cyber-incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can result in third parties gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information. As reliance on technology in our industry has increased, so have the risks posed to the systems of the Winthrop Advisor and other parties that provide us with services essential to our operations. In addition, the risk of a cyber-incident, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Even the most well protected information networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted attacks and intrusions evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. 
 The remediation costs and lost revenues experienced by a victim of a cyber-incident may be significant and significant resources may be required to repair system damage, protect against the threat of future security breaches or to alleviate problems, including reputational harm, loss of revenues and litigation, caused by any breaches. 
 In addition, a security breach or other significant disruption involving the IT networks and related systems of the Winthrop Advisor or any other party that provides us with services essential to our operations could: 
 result in misstated financial reports, missed reporting deadlines and/or missed permitting deadlines; 

result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information (including information about our tenants), which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 

result in our inability to maintain the building systems relied upon by our tenants for the efficient use of their leased space; 

require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result; 

subject us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination of leases or other agreements; or 

adversely impact our reputation among our tenants and investors generally. 

Although the Winthrop Advisor and other parties that provide us with services essential to our operations intend to continue to implement industry-standard security measures, there can be no assurance that those measures will be sufficient, and any material adverse effect experienced by the Winthrop Advisor and other parties that provide us with services essential to our operations could, in turn, have an adverse impact on us. 
 17 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest 
 Employees of the Winthrop Advisor, including employees who are our executive officers and a member of our Board of Managers, face conflicts of interest related to the positions they hold with the Winthrop Advisor and its affiliates. 
 We are an externally managed company and have no employees. Employees or consultants of the Winthrop Advisor who provide services to us, including employees or consultants who serve as our executive officers and as a member of our Board of Managers, also hold or may hold positions with the Winthrop Advisor and its affiliates and provide services with respect to other entities or with respect to other properties or businesses of the Winthrop Advisor and its affiliates, which could result in conflicts of interest. 
 The Winthrop Advisor and its affiliates or entities that they advise own properties, and may seek to acquire additional properties, in the New York metropolitan area. Conflicts could result in actions or inactions by the Winthrop Advisor or employees or consultants of the Winthrop Advisor, including employees or consultants who are our executive officers and a member of our Board of Managers, that are detrimental to our business. Conflicts with our business and interests are most likely to arise from involvement in activities related to (a) allocation of management time and services between us and the other entities, (b) terms and timing of sales of properties, and (c) the lease of vacant space or renewal of existing leases at our properties as compared to properties owned or managed by affiliates of the Winthrop Advisor. 
 The Winthrop Advisor and its affiliates face conflicts of interest relating to the structure of the fees they receive, which could result in actions that are not necessarily in the long-term best interests of our unitholders. 
 Under the Current Advisory Agreement, the Winthrop Advisor is entitled to certain fees and other compensation which may result in its interests not being wholly aligned with those of our unitholders. For example, the Winthrop Advisor could be motivated to recommend certain actions that could increase the potential that it will earn incentive fees, but which may not be consistent with actions desired by our stockholders. 
 Risks Related to our Corporate Structure 
 We depend on our joint venture for cash flow and are structurally subordinated in right of payment to the obligations of our joint venture. 
 Our only significant assets are our interest in the joint venture that owns Worldwide Plaza and our 90.7 million cash reserve. Accordingly, we rely on distributions from our joint venture of their net earnings and cash flows. 
 There is no assurance that our joint venture will be able to, or be permitted to, pay distributions to us that will enable us to pay our obligations. Our joint venture is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from this entity. 
 Our rights and the rights of our members to recover claims against our managers and officers are limited, which could reduce recoveries against them if they cause us to incur losses. 
 Our limited liability company agreement provides that no manager or officer will be liable to us or our members for monetary damages and requires us to indemnify our managers and our officers. Our limited liability company agreement also provides that our managers shall have the same duties, including a duty of loyalty and a duty of care to the Company and its members as does a director of a corporation incorporated under the Delaware General Corporation Law, assuming that such director was protected to the maximum extent possible by the inclusion in the certificate of incorporation of a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. We and our members may have more limited rights against our managers and officers than might otherwise exist under common law, which could reduce recoveries against them. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs or otherwise reimburse for losses incurred by our managers or officers in some cases pursuant to our agreements with them. 
 18 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Risks Associated with Debt Financing and Investments 
 Our Joint Venture has outstanding debt, and the amount of debt and its cost may increase and refinancing may not be available on acceptable terms. 
 Our business is subject to risks normally associated with debt financing. The total principal amount of our combined outstanding indebtedness, which represents our pro rata share of Worldwide Plaza s indebtedness, was 601.2 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 We may be unable to obtain debt financing or refinance existing indebtedness upon maturity. Our substantial indebtedness and the cash flow associated with serving our indebtedness could have important consequences, including the risks that: 
 our cash flow could be insufficient to pay principal and interest; for example, if the space currently leased by Cravath, Swaine Moore LLP is not sufficiently re-leased, we expect that operating cash flow will not be sufficient to cover the debt service obligations starting in September 2024. 

our debt financing contains prepayment penalties, assumption fees or other provisions that restrict our ability to transfer assets; 

we might be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of liquidating distributions we make; 

our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, satisfaction of debt service requirements and general corporate or other purposes could be limited; 

we may not be able to refinance existing indebtedness (which requires substantial principal payments at maturity) and, if we can, the terms of such refinancing might not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness; 

if by August 31, 2023, the space currently leased by Cravath, Swaine Moore LLP has not been sufficiently re-leased on terms that would generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy debt service requirements at the joint venture following the expiration of the Cravath Swaine Moore LLP lease, the lender has the right to initiate a cash sweep, and the joint venture that owns Worldwide Plaza would be restricted under the terms of its indebtedness from making distributions until the space is sufficiently re-leased or a 42.3 million reserve has been deposited in a reserve account (or a qualifying guaranty or letter of credit has been delivered in such amount) which would affect the amount and timing of liquidating distributions we make; 

if principal payments due at maturity cannot be refinanced or extended, our cash flow may not be sufficient in all years to repay all maturing debt; and 

prevailing interest rates or other factors at the time of refinancing (such as the possible reluctance of lenders to make commercial real estate loans) may result in higher interest rates, which could adversely affect cash flow and our ability to service debt and pay liquidating distributions. 

In addition, incurring mortgage debt increases the risk of loss since defaults on indebtedness secured by a property may result in lenders initiating foreclosure actions. In that case, we could lose the property securing the loan that is in default, thus reducing the value of an investment in us. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a foreclosure of our property would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable income on foreclosure, but would not receive any cash proceeds. We may give full or partial guarantees to lenders of mortgage debt to the entity that owns our property. If we provide a guaranty on behalf of an entity that owns our property, we will be responsible to the lender for satisfaction of the debt if it is not paid by such entity. If our property is foreclosed upon due to a default, our ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders will be adversely affected which would result in a decrease in the amount of liquidating distributions we will be able to pay. 
 
 Tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons face unique tax issues from holding units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them. 
 Investment in the units by tax-exempt entities, including employee benefit plans and individual retirement accounts IRAs ), and non-U.S. persons raises issues unique to them. For example, virtually all income of the Liquidating LLC that would be allocated to organizations exempt from U.S. federal income tax, including IRAs and other retirement plans, would be unrelated business taxable income and may be taxable to such holders if they are not qualified organizations within the meaning of Section 514(c)(9)(B) of the 
 19 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Code. Distributions to non-U.S. persons will generally be reduced by withholding taxes imposed at the highest effective applicable tax rate, and non-U.S. persons will be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns and pay tax on their respective shares of the Liquidating LLC s taxable income. 
 You may be subject to state and local taxes and return filing requirements in the state where the Company owns property as a result of holding units. 
 Following the conversion, in addition to U.S. federal income taxes, the unitholders of the Liquidating LLC may become subject to other taxes, including state and local income taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that may be imposed by New York State and New York City, even if they do not reside in those jurisdictions. Unitholders would likely be required to file New York State and New York City income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes. Further, unitholders may become subject to penalties for failure to comply with these requirements. It is the responsibility of each unitholder to file all U.S. federal, state and local income tax returns that may be required of such unitholder. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 General 
 At December 31, 2022, our sole remaining property related asset is a 50.1 interest in Worldwide Plaza located in New York, New York. The following table presents certain additional information about the property, including the rentable square footage and annualized cash base rent of Worldwide Plaza multiplied by our pro rata share of our investment in WWP: 

Property 
 
 Ownership 

Rentable Sq. Ft. 

Percent Occupied 

Annualized Cash Base Rent (in thousands) 

Annualized Cash Base Rent Per Sq. Ft. (in thousands) 

Number of Leases 

Worldwide Plaza - Office 

50.1 

923,228 

90.8 

57,485 

68.21 

15 

Worldwide Plaza - Retail 

50.1 

122,140 

98.5 

2,093 

17.76 

8 

Total/Weighted Average 

1,045,369 

91.7 

59,578 

62.00 

23 

Future Lease Expirations Table 
 The following is a summary of our pro rata share of Worldwide Plaza lease expirations for the next ten years as of December 31, 2022 (dollar value in thousands): 

Year of Expiration 
 
 Number of Leases Expiring 

Expiring Annualized Cash Rent [1] 

Expiring Annualized Cash Rent as a Percentage of the Total [1] 

Leased Rentable Square Feet 

Percentage of Leased Rentable Sq. Ft. Expiring 

2023 

2024 

3 

30,314 

50.7 

310,582 

30.0 

2025 

1 

1,220 

2.0 

19,276 

1.8 

2026 

2 

2,825 

4.7 

51,942 

5.0 

2027 

3 

1,122 

1.9 

82,858 

7.9 

2028 

1 

94 

11 

2029 

2 

244 

1,156 

2030 

1 

19,528 

1.9 

2031 

4 

3,880 

6.5 

56,846 

5.4 

2032 

2 

1,558 

2.6 

30,847 

2.9 

Total 

19 

41,257 

65.8 

573,046 

53.8 

20 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

(1) Expiring annualized cash rent represents contractual cash base rents at the time of lease expiration added to current reimbursements from tenants, excluding electric reimbursements and free rent. 

Tenant Concentration 
 The following table lists the tenants whose rented square footage is greater than 10 of the total rentable square footage of Worldwide Plaza as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

Tenant 
 
 Rented Sq. Ft. [1] 

Rented Sq. Ft. as a of Total 

Lease Expiration 
 
 Remaining Lease Term [2] 

Renewal Options 
 
 Annualized Cash Base Rent [1] 

Nomura Holdings America, Inc. 

353,250 

34 

9/2033 

10.8 

[3] 

17,210 

Cravath, Swaine Moore, LLP 

309,385 

30 

8/2024 

1.7 

None 

30,188 

(1) Rented square feet and annualized cash base rent reflect the rented square footage and annualized cash base rent of Worldwide Plaza multiplied by our 50.1 pro rata share of WWP. 

(2) Remaining lease term in years as of December 31, 2022. 

(3) Nomura Holdings America, Inc. has up to four options to renew its lease. The first two options are for renewal terms of five or ten years each and the second two options are for five years each. In total, the renewal options allow for a maximum of 20 years of extended term. 

As noted above, the lease with Cravath, Swaine Moore expires in August 2024 and the tenant has informed Worldwide Plaza that it does not intend to enter into a new lease upon expiration of the existing lease. 
 Property Financing 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Worldwide Plaza debt has an outstanding balance of 1.2 billion, bears interest at a blended rate of 3.98 per annum, requires monthly payments of interest only and matures in November 2027. We have no mortgage debt other than our 50.1 share of the Worldwide Plaza debt. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Except as set forth below and described in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies of our notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are not a party to, and none of our properties are subject to, any material pending legal proceedings. 
 
 On December 28, 2022, the Company filed suit against WWP JV LLC captioned New York REIT Liquidating LLC v. WWP JV LLC , (Del. Ch.). The Company is seeking declaratory relief that it may release to its unitholders a reserve of more than 90 million (the Reserve which was established in 2017 in connection with a transaction between the Company s subsidiary, ARC NYWWPJV 001, LLC, and WWP JV LLC relating to WWP JV LLC's proposed investment in Worldwide Plaza, an office and retail mixed-use project located in midtown Manhattan. 
 
 21 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 The Company s subsidiary, ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC filed suit against WWP JV LLC on December 22, 2022. The suit is captioned ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC v. WWP JV LLC , (Sup. Ct. N.Y. City.), and, on February 10, 2023, the Company was named as Counterclaim Defendant and Third-Party Defendant in such action. ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC has sought declaratory relief that it need not fund certain disputed capital contributions exceeding 82 million under the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of WWP Holdings, LLC LLC Agreement related to proposed capital improvements at Worldwide Plaza. WWP JV LLC s counterclaim against the Company seeks declaratory relief that the Company must continue to maintain the Reserve until such time as a member of WWP Holdings, LLC issues a call notice for the Reserve under the LLC Agreement (the Counterclaim ). WWP JV LLC s third party claims against the Company assert claims for fraud, fraudulent inducement, and unjust enrichment and seek damages in excess of 90 million (the Third Party Claims ). It is the Company s and ARC NYWWPJV001 s position that the Counterclaim and Third Party Claims are without merit and fail to state any causes of action upon which relief may be granted as a matter of law and/or pursuant to the express terms of the LLC Agreement. Moreover, NYRT is not a party to the LLC Agreement and there is a prior action between NYRT and WWP JV LLC pending in Delaware. 
 
 If the Company is unsuccessful in receiving favorable declaratory judgments in the above-referenced actions or is unsuccessful in defending the claims against it therein, the Company may be required to contribute additional capital to the joint venture. The Company cannot predict and expresses no prediction as to the outcome of these matters. Therefore, the Company cannot estimate the range of any reasonably possible loss. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 
 Not applicable. 
 22 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 The Predecessor s common stock was traded on the NYSE under the symbol NYRT. In connection with the conversion of the Predecessor to the Company, the stock transfer books of the Predecessor were closed as of the close of business on November 2, 2018, which was the last day of trading for the Predecessor s common stock. For tax purposes, the fair value of each Unit in the Company received by stockholders when the conversion became effective, which reflects the value of the remaining assets of the Company (net of liabilities), was 14.00 per Unit and was equal to the average of the high and low trading prices for shares of the Predecessor s common stock on the last three days on which the shares were traded on the NYSE. The Units of the Company are not listed for trading on any exchange, and there is no established trading market for the Units. 
 Set forth below is a line graph comparing the cumulative total stockholder return on NYRT common stock, based on the closing market price of the common stock and reinvested dividends, with the FTSE National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT Equity Index and the New York Stock Exchange Index NYSE Index for the period commencing April 15, 2014, the date on which we listed our shares on the NYSE and ending November 2, 2018, the last day of trading. The graph assumes an investment of 100 on April 15, 2014. 

23 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

For each calendar quarter indicated, the following table reflects high and low sales prices for the common stock as reported by the NYSE and the amounts paid to our stockholders in respect of these shares to which we refer as dividends. All dollar amounts have been adjusted to reflect the 1-for-10 reverse split that occurred in March 2018. 

First Quarter 

Second Quarter 

Third Quarter 

Fourth Quarter 

2022 

Cash dividends paid per unit (1) 

0.19 

0.10 

0.03 

2021 

Cash dividends paid per unit (1) 

0.18 

0.25 

0.13 

0.19 

2020 

Cash dividends paid per unit (1) 

0.10 

0.10 

0.25 

0.25 

(1) Represents distributions of liquidation proceeds. Since the adoption of the Liquidation Plan, we have made cash liquidating distributions totaling 61.58 per unit/share. 

Holders 
 At February 28, 2023, we had 16,791,769 Units outstanding held by a total of 8,327 unitholders of record. 
 Dividends 
 Pursuant to the Liquidation Plan and our Limited Liability Company Agreement dated November 7, 2018, the actual amount and timing of, and record date for, future liquidating distributions on our Units will be determined by our Board of Managers and will depend upon the timing and amount of cash flow distributions and ultimate sale proceeds from our interest in Worldwide Plaza and the amounts deemed necessary by our Board of Managers to pay or provide for our liabilities and obligations. The actual cash flow available to pay distributions will be affected by a number of factors, including among others, the risks and information discussed under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 We did not repurchase any of our Units during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Communications with the Board of Managers 
 All interested parties (including our unitholders) may communicate with our Board of Managers by sending written communications addressed to such person or persons in care of New York REIT Liquidating LLC, 2 Liberty Square, 9 th Floor, Boston, MA 02109, Attention: John Garilli, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Garilli will deliver all appropriate communications to our Board of Managers no later than the next regularly scheduled meeting of our Board of Managers. If our Board of Managers modifies this process, the revised process will be posted on our website. 
 Item 6. [Reserved.] 
 Not applicable. 
 
 24 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements of New York REIT Liquidating LLC and the notes thereto. As used herein, the term Liquidating LLC refers to New York REIT Liquidating LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and the terms Company, we, our and us refer to New York REIT Liquidating LLC, and its consolidated subsidiaries and, as required by context to New York REIT, Inc., (the Predecessor a Maryland corporation, to New York Recovery Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the OP ), and to their subsidiaries. References to the Company s ownership, investment in, and rights and obligations and actions with respect to, WWP Holdings LLC or Worldwide Plaza refer to the interests, rights and obligations, and actions of the Company s subsidiary ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC, except that references relating to the 90.7 million cash reserve established in 2017 from the proceeds of our sale of a 48.7 interest in Worldwide Plaza refer to amounts held by the Company and not by ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC. For example, statements such as our sole remaining property related asset is a 50.1 ownership interest in Worldwide Plaza , our interest in Worldwide Plaza , our joint venture partner in Worldwide Plaza, and similar statements refer to ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC s interests, activities, rights and obligations, and partner with respect to Worldwide Plaza. 
 
 As of March 8, 2017, we are externally managed by Winthrop REIT Advisors, LLC (the Winthrop Advisor ). The following information contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Please see Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors elsewhere in this report for a description of these risks and uncertainties. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined have the meaning ascribed to those terms under Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II, Item 8, which includes the notes to our consolidated financial statements and contained herein. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes a discussion of our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. These audited financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Overview 
 On August 22, 2016 the Predecessor s Board of Directors approved a plan of liquidation to sell in an orderly manner all or substantially all of its assets and the assets of the OP (the Liquidation Plan ), subject to stockholder approval. The Liquidation Plan was approved at a special meeting of stockholders on January 3, 2017. 
 The Liquidation Plan provides for an orderly sale of the Predecessor s assets, payment of its liabilities and other obligations and the winding down of operations and the dissolution of the Predecessor. We are no longer permitted to make any new investments except to make protective acquisitions on advances with respect to our existing assets. We are permitted to satisfy any existing contractual obligations and pay for required tenant improvements and capital expenditures at our real estate property owned by the joint venture in which we own an interest. 
 In order to comply with applicable tax laws, New York REIT, Inc. converted into a limited liability company known as New York REIT Liquidating LLC. The conversion to the Company was approved by the Predecessor s stockholders on September 7, 2018 and became effective on November 7, 2018. The Liquidation Plan enables us to sell our assets without further approval of the stockholders or unitholders and provides that liquidating distributions be made to the stockholders as determined by the Board of Directors, and following the conversion, to our unitholders as determined by the Board of Managers. 
 In October 2018, the Predecessor announced the withdrawal of its common stock from listing on the NYSE in connection with the conversion. November 2, 2018 was the last day on which shares of its common stock were traded on the NYSE and its stock transfer books were closed as of 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on such date. At the effective time of the conversion, each outstanding share of common stock was converted into one unit of common membership interest in the Liquidating LLC (a Unit ), and holders of shares of the Predecessors common stock automatically received one Unit (which Unit was in book entry form) for each share of the common stock held by such stockholder. Unlike shares of the Predecessor s common stock, which, in addition to being listed on the NYSE, were freely transferable, Units are not listed for trading and generally are not transferable except by will, intestate succession 
 25 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 or operation of law. Therefore, the holders of Units do not have the ability to realize any value from these interests except from distributions made by the Company, the timing of which will be solely in the discretion of the Board of Managers. 
 
 The Board of Managers was comprised of three members: Randolph C. Read, Craig T. Bouchard and Howard Goldberg. On November 7, 2022, Howard Goldberg resigned from the Board of Managers, effective immediately, pursuant to the terms of the Limited Liability Agreement of the Company and not as a result of any disagreement with the operations, policies or practices of the Company. On November 9, 2022, Michael L. Ashner was appointed as a member of the Board of Managers. As of November 9, 2022, the Board of Managers is comprised of Randolph C. Read, Craig T. Bouchard and Michael L. Ashner. 
 
 Additionally, John Lee and Joseph Moinian, representing two of the Company s largest unitholders, served as observers to the Board of Managers from October 4, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively, in unpaid positions with no voting rights in connection with Board of Managers matters. On November 8, 2022, John Lee resigned from his position as an observer to the Board of Managers, effective immediately, in accordance with the terms of the previously disclosed Board Observer Agreement between himself and the Company. On November 13, 2022, Joseph Moinian resigned from his position as an observer to the Board of Managers, effective immediately, in accordance with the terms of the previously disclosed Board Observer Agreement between himself and the Company. 
 The Company is deemed to be the same entity as the Predecessor with the same assets and liabilities as the Predecessor on the date of conversion. In addition, the charter and bylaws of the Predecessor were replaced by the operating agreement of the Company. For tax purposes, the fair value of each Unit in the Company received by stockholders when the conversion became effective, which reflects the value of the remaining assets of the Company (net of liabilities), was 14.00 per Unit and was equal to the average of the high and low trading prices for shares of the Predecessor s common stock on the last three days on which the shares were traded on the NYSE. For a detailed description of the federal income tax and investment considerations relating to the conversion and its effects on our interests in the Predecessor, please see the Predecessor s proxy statement/prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 6, 2018. 
 The business of the Company is the same as the business of the Predecessor immediately preceding the conversion, which, consistent with the Liquidation Plan, consists of the continued ownership of the Predecessor s interest in Worldwide Plaza, the only remaining property-related asset. Under its operating agreement, the business and affairs of the Company will be managed by or under the direction of its Board of Managers, and the sole purpose is winding up the affairs of the liquidation of its remaining property-related asset. On March 14, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the operating agreement of the Company, the Board of Managers extended the term of the Company such that the Company will remain in existence until the earlier of (i) the distribution of all company assets pursuant to liquidation or (ii) December 31, 2023. 
 The dissolution process and the amount and timing of distributions to unitholders involves risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the timing or aggregate amount which will be ultimately distributed to unitholders, and no assurance can be given that the distributions will equal or exceed the estimate of net assets presented in the Consolidated Statement of Net Assets. To date, liquidating distributions totaling 61.58 per common share/Unit have been paid. 
 Liquidation Plan 
 As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of our property related assets have been sold except our remaining interest in Worldwide Plaza. For purposes of liquidation accounting, our estimate of net assets in liquidation value assumes a sale of Worldwide Plaza at December 31, 2023 which is based on estimated cash flow projections utilizing appropriate discount and capitalization rates as well as available market information and assumptions regarding capital expenditures. The actual timing of sale has not yet been determined and is subject to future events and uncertainties. These estimates are subject to change based on the actual timing of the sale of our remaining interest in Worldwide Plaza and the actual cash distributions received during our holding period. The net assets in liquidation of 121.2 million at December 31, 2022 are presented on an undiscounted basis. 
 Net operating income at Worldwide Plaza has remained relatively steady throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. We will continue to monitor the market and adjust the net realizable value of the investment, if necessary, at each reporting period. The timing of the sale of the property, and the ultimate value we receive from the sale, are subject to change. We initially set aside approximately 90.7 million from the 2017 refinancing proceeds to cover our share of potential future leasing and capital costs at the property; as discussed in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies, we believe that any obligation to reserve this amount has lapsed and we are seeking a declaratory judgment in the Delaware Court of Chancery that we are permitted to distribute the reserved funds. 
 26 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Current Activity 
 
 There were no sales during 2022. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash aggregating 100.7 million. Our total assets and undiscounted net assets in liquidation were 123.4 million and 121.2 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. 
 Our principal demands for funds are to pay or fund operating expenses, capital expenditures and liquidating distributions to our unitholders. We believe that our current cash balance plus distributions we expect to receive from our investment in Worldwide Plaza will continue to provide adequate capital to fund our operating, administrative and other expenses incurred during liquidation. We currently estimate that our current cash balance is sufficient to cover approximately three years of net operating expenses at the Company. If by August 31, 2023, the space currently leased by Cravath, Swaine Moore has not been sufficiently re-leased on terms that would generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy debt service requirements, the lender has the right to initiate a cash sweep and the joint venture that owns Worldwide Plaza would be restricted from making distributions under the terms of its indebtedness. If the lender initiates a cash sweep, all rent payments would be directed to the sweep account and the lender would control disbursements to cover operating expenditures and capital improvements at Worldwide Plaza. Any excess funds would be retained in a lender-controlled account to be utilized to cover future operating cash shortfall at the property. If cash flow distributions from Worldwide Plaza are suspended or lower than currently estimated, we will still be able to satisfy our current operating, administrative and other expenses; however, it is likely that liquidating distributions to our unitholders would be suspended or reduced accordingly. 
 Our principal sources and uses of funds are further described below. 
 
 Principal Sources of Funds 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily dependent upon the occupancy level at Worldwide Plaza, the net effective rental rates achieved on our leases, the collectability of rent, operating escalations and recoveries from our tenants at Worldwide Plaza and the level of operating and other costs, including general and administrative expenses and other expenses associated with carrying out our Liquidation Plan. Our joint venture partner in Worldwide Plaza has informed us that it does not intend to make any further current distributions to the joint venture partners and intends to reserve all cash flow. The company has filed an action for declaratory judgment in New York Supreme Court contesting our joint venture partner's right to do so. 
 Rent collections for retail and amenities tenants at Worldwide Plaza were not impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic during the year ended December 31, 2022 though they were impacted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. It is uncertain as to the extent of the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including multiple variants, and government protective measures thereto on rent collections at the property for future years. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the property collected 100 of the office rents that were due. WWP has forgiven approximately 494,000 of base rents for current retail and amenities tenants and has written off approximately 477,000 of base rents related to surrendered retail and amenities space. To date, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has not been material to the Company, however, it is not possible to estimate the future impact of the pandemic at this time. 
 Sales Proceeds 
 In connection with the Liquidation Plan, we plan to sell our remaining 50.1 interest in Worldwide Plaza. 
 Other Sources of Funds 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 we received net distributions of 8.6 million in respect of our interest in Worldwide Plaza. 
 27 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Principal Use of Funds 
 Capital Expenditures 
 At December 31, 2022, we owned a 50.1 interest in the joint venture that owns Worldwide Plaza. In connection with the leasing of the property, the joint venture entered into agreements with its tenants to provide allowances for tenant improvements. These allowances require the joint venture to fund capital expenditures up to amounts specified in the lease agreements. Our share of capital expenditures during the year ended December 31, 2022 was funded from property cash flow. 
 We initially set aside approximately 90.7 million from the 2017 refinancing proceeds to cover our share of potential future leasing and capital costs at the property; as discussed in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies we believe that any obligation to reserve this amount has lapsed, and we are seeking a declaratory judgment in the Delaware Court of Chancery that we are permitted to distribute the reserved funds. 
 Liquidating Distributions 
 Until such time as we are able to dispose of our remaining asset, the actual amount and timing of, and record dates for, future liquidating distributions will be determined by our Board of Managers and will depend upon the timing and amount of cash flow distributions we receive from our Worldwide Plaza joint venture and the amounts deemed necessary by our Board of Managers to pay or provide for our liabilities and obligations. The timing and amount of our final liquidating distribution will be dependent on the timing and proceeds of the sale of our remaining interest in Worldwide Plaza and the timing of the resolution of the litigations, discussed in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies. As the Liquidating LLC is treated as a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes, any such liquidating distributions on the Units will be deemed a return of capital. 
 Loan Obligations 
 We have no consolidated mortgage notes payable as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we indirectly had 601.2 million of unconsolidated mortgage debt reflecting our pro rata share of Worldwide Plaza s total mortgage debt of 1.2 billion. The Worldwide Plaza mortgage debt matures in November 2027 and requires monthly interest only payments. Operating cash flow at the property is expected to be sufficient to cover the monthly debt service payments through August 2024. If the space currently leased by Cravath, Swaine Moore LLP is not sufficiently re-leased, we expect that operating cash flow will not be sufficient to cover the debt service obligations starting in September 2024. 
 Cash Flows 
 Our level of liquidity based upon cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash increased by approximately 1.0 million from 99.7 million at December 31, 2021 to 100.7 million at December 31, 2022. 
 The holders of the Predecessor s common stock approved the Liquidation Plan, a plan to sell in an orderly manner all or substantially all of the assets of the Predecessor and New York Recovery Operating Partnership, L.P. (the OP and to liquidate and dissolve the Predecessor and the OP, on January 3, 2017, and we adopted the liquidation basis of accounting effective January 1, 2017. We did not make any acquisitions in new investments in 2022, and in accordance with the Liquidation Plan, no further acquisitions are expected. 
 Our primary sources of non-operating cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2022 include: 
 8.6 million net distributions related to our interest in Worldwide Plaza. 

Our primary uses of non-operating cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2022 include: 
 5.4 million for liquidating distributions to common shareholders. 

Our primary sources of non-operating cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2021 include: 
 14.8 million net distributions related to our interest in Worldwide Plaza. 

28 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Our primary uses of non-operating cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2021 include: 
 12.6 million for liquidating distributions to common shareholders. 

Contractual Obligations 
 We did not have any contractual debt or lease obligations as of December 31, 2022. 
 Comparability of Financial Data From Period to Period 
 Results of Operations 
 Since the adoption of liquidation basis accounting as of January 1, 2017, there are no results of operations. Subsequent to the adoption of the plan of liquidation, we have only one reporting and operating segment. Our remaining property asset continues to perform in a manner that is relatively consistent with prior reporting periods. We have experienced no significant changes in occupancy or rental rates at Worldwide Plaza. Changes in the liquidation value of our assets are discussed below under Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation. 
 
 Occupancy and Leasing 
 See Item 2 Properties 
 Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation 
 Net assets in liquidation decreased by 202.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The reduction was primarily due to a net decrease of 194.9 million in the estimated liquidation value of the Company s investment in Worldwide Plaza primarily related to a decrease in value as well as a decrease in estimated distributions from working capital and property operations. The reduction was also a result of liquidating distributions to unitholders totaling 5.4 million and a 1.7 million decrease due to a remeasurement of estimated costs. 
 Net assets in liquidation decreased by 4.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The reduction is primarily due to liquidating distributions to unitholders totaling 12.6 million and a 2.5 million decrease due to a remeasurement of estimated costs. The reduction in net assets was offset by a net increase of 10.8 million in the estimated liquidation value of the Company s investment in Worldwide Plaza primarily related to the estimated distributions from working capital and property operations. 
 Net assets in liquidation decreased by 35.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The reduction is primarily due to a 37.6 million decrease in the Company s investment in Worldwide Plaza based on a decrease of the estimated property value of Worldwide Plaza, liquidating distributions to unitholders totaling 11.8 million and a 2.6 million decrease due to a remeasurement of estimated costs. The reduction in net assets was offset by a net increase of 16.6 million in the estimated liquidation value of the Company s investment in Worldwide Plaza primarily related to the estimated distributions from working capital and property operations. 
 Net assets in liquidation at December 31, 2022, which are presented on an undiscounted basis, include Worldwide Plaza value based on estimated cash flow projections utilizing appropriate discount and capitalization rates as well as available market information and assumptions regarding capital expenditures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, assuming we dispose of our investment in the next 12 months, resulting in estimated future liquidating distributions of approximately 7.22 per Unit. This estimate of liquidating distributions includes projections of costs and expenses to be incurred during the next 12 months and costs to dispose of the Company s remaining investment in WWP. Any changes in the future market value of Worldwide Plaza, if any, will be evaluated at each reporting period and will be reflected in the Statement of Net Assets in liquidation at such times. Management s estimate, like any estimate or projection, is subject to various assumptions and uncertainties including the joint venture s ability to execute on the business plan, tenants paying their rental obligations, the equity capital and financing markets and New York City market conditions generally. 
 Our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are prepared on the liquidation basis of accounting and accordingly include an estimate of the liquidation value of our assets and other estimates, including estimates of anticipated cash flow, timing of asset sales and liquidation expenses. These estimates update estimates that we have previously provided. These estimates are based on multiple assumptions, some of which may prove to be incorrect, and the actual amount of 
 29 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 liquidating distributions we pay to you may be more or less than these estimates. We cannot assure you of the actual amount or timing of liquidating distributions you will receive pursuant to the Liquidation Plan. 
 Tax Status 
 We are taxed as a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes. Accordingly, no provision or benefit for income taxes is made in the consolidated financial statements. All distributions from the Liquidating LLC will be considered a return of capital for tax purposes. Unitholders will receive a Schedule K-1 from the Liquidating LLC annually reflecting their allocable share of the Liquidating LLC s income, loss, gains and deductions. 
 Inflation 
 Many of Worldwide Plaza s leases contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation. These provisions generally increase rental rates during the terms of the leases either at fixed rates or indexed escalations (based on the Consumer Price Index or other measures). We may be adversely impacted by inflation on the leases that do not contain indexed escalation provisions. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no off-balance-sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Set forth below is a summary of the significant accounting estimates and critical accounting policies that management believes are important to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Certain of our accounting estimates are particularly important for an understanding of our financial position and require the application of significant judgment by our management. As a result, these estimates are subject to a degree of uncertainty. Subsequent to the adoption of the Liquidation Plan, we are required to estimate all costs and income we expect to incur and earn through the end of liquidation including the estimated amount of cash we expect to collect on the disposal of our assets and the estimated costs to dispose of our assets. 
 Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Venture 
 We account for our investment in unconsolidated joint venture under the equity method of accounting because we exercise significant influence over, but do not control the entity and are not considered to be the primary beneficiary. 
 Under liquidation accounting, the investment in unconsolidated joint venture is recorded at its liquidation value, or net realizable value, which is comprised of an estimate of the expected sale proceeds upon disposition plus the estimated net cash flow to be received from the venture during the liquidation period. We evaluate the net realizable value of our unconsolidated joint venture at each reporting period. Any changes in net realizable value will be reflected as a change in our net assets in liquidation. The liquidation value of our remaining investment in Worldwide Plaza at December 31, 2022 is based on estimated cash flow projections utilizing appropriate discount and capitalization rates as well as available market information and assumptions regarding capital expenditures assuming we dispose of our investment in the next 12 months. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncement 
 There are no new accounting pronouncements that are applicable or relevant to the Company under the liquidation basis of accounting. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 601.2 million of unconsolidated mortgage debt reflecting our pro rata share of Worldwide Plaza s total mortgage debt of 1.2 billion. This debt consisted of fixed-rate secured mortgage notes payable. Changes in market interest rates have no impact on interest due on the notes. 
 30 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The information required by this Item 8 is hereby incorporated by reference to our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto beginning on page 48 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Board of Managers, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Board of Managers have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process which was designed under the supervision of the Company s principal executives and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Trustees of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (2013) in Internal Control Integrated Framework. 
 Based on that assessment and those criteria, management has maintained and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None 
 31 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Managers of the Company 
 The following table represents certain information with respect to our managers and executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position Held 

Randolph C. Read 
 
 70 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Manager 

Craig T. Bouchard 
 
 67 
 
 Manager 

Michael L. Ashner 
 
 70 
 
 Manager 

John Garilli 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, 

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

Randolph C. Read, Manager and Chairman of the Board of Managers Mr. Read has served as an independent manager and Chairman of the Board of Managers since November 2018. Previously, he served as an independent director of our Predecessor from December 2014 to November 2018, including as Chairman of our Predecessor s Board of Directors from June 2015 to November 2018. Mr. Read has served as the independent Chairman of the Board of Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since August 2020, as an independent Director of SandRidge Energy, Inc. since June 2018. Mr. Read previously served as an independent director of Business Development Corporation of America (2014-2018) and as an independent director of Luby s Inc. (2019-2021). Mr. Read has been President and Chief Executive Officer of Nevada Strategic Credit Investments, LLC since 2009. From 2007 to 2009, he served with The Greenspun Corporation, lastly as Executive Director and President, whose companies included its wholly owned subsidiary American Nevada Realty. Mr. Read has previously served as President of a variety of other companies and has previously served on a number of public and private company boards. He is admitted as a Certified Public Accountant and has an M.B.A. in Finance from the Wharton Graduate School of the University of Pennsylvania and a B.S. from Tulane University. 
 Mr. Read is qualified to serve on our Board of Managers based on his significant business experience as a director and an executive officer of entities in a variety of industries, as well as capital markets, governance and operations experience, in addition to his knowledge, financial expertise and leadership qualities and roles, including his experience as Chairman of our Predecessor s Board of Directors. 
 
 Craig T. Bouchard, Manager - Mr. Bouchard has served as an independent manager since November 2018. Previously, Mr. Bouchard served as an independent director of our Predecessor from October 2016 through November 2018 and served on the nominating and corporate governance committee and the affiliated transactions committee. Mr. Bouchard currently serves as the Executive Chairman of the Board of The Ecolution Power Company (EcolutionPower.com), and is the Co-Chairman of The Space Railway Corporation (Spacerailway.com). Mr. Bouchard is a New York Times Best Selling Author, having co-authored The Caterpillar Way: Lessons in Leadership, Growth and Stockholder Value, Copyright 2013, (McGraw Hill, November 2013). In 2010, Mr. Bouchard founded Shale-Inland Holdings LLC Shale-Inland, now known as FloWorks International), a leading distributor of stainless steel pipe, valves and fittings, and stamped and fabricated parts to the United States energy industry. Mr. Bouchard served as the Chief Executive Officer and later as the Chairman of the Board of Shale-Inland through 2012. 
 
 Before founding Shale-Inland, in 2004, Mr. Bouchard co-founded and was the President and Vice Chairman of the Board of the steel company Esmark, Inc. (NASDAQ: ESMK). Esmark was the highest appreciating stock on the NASDAQ for the full year 2008. Prior to that, from 1998 to 2003, Mr. Bouchard was the President and Chief Executive Officer of New York-based NumeriX, a risk management software company focused on managing derivative financial risk. 
 
 Prior to that, Mr. Bouchard was the Global Head of Derivatives Trading and Quantitative Research at the First National Bank of Chicago, where his career spanned 19 years. 
 
 Mr. Bouchard is currently a member of the Leadership Board of the Department of Athletics at Duke University. Mr. Bouchard served on the Board of Trustees of Boston University and on the Foundation of the University of Montana. Mr. Bouchard holds a Bachelor of Arts degree, a Master of Economics degree in Economics, and Doctor of Science, from Illinois State University where he 
 32 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 is in the Hall of Fame of the School of the Arts and Sciences. Mr. Bouchard has a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from the University of Chicago. 
 
 Mr. Bouchard is qualified to serve on our Board of Managers based on his extensive experience and knowledge developed through his service as an executive and in corporate management, including his service on our Predecessor s board of directors. 
 
 Michael L. Ashner, Manager - Mr. Ashner currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Winthrop Capital Advisors, LLC, First Winthrop Corp. and Winthrop Realty Partners L.P. He formerly served as a trustee of Winthrop Realty Liquidating Trust. From December 2003 to December 2016, he served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Winthrop Realty Trust. Mr. Ashner also served as the Executive Chairman and a Trustee of Lexington Realty Trust. Prior to the merger between Lexington and Newkirk, he also served as a director and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Newkirk. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Ashner served as a director and Chief Executive Officer of Shelbourne Properties I, Inc., Shelbourne Properties II, Inc. and Shelbourne Properties III, Inc. From 2019 to 2021, he served as a director of CBL Associates Properties, Inc. Mr. Ashner is a Trustee of the Northwell Hospital System, American Friends of Beit Ruth and a past trustee of the National World War II Museum of New Orleans. He is a graduate of Cornell University and the University of Miami School of Law. 
 Mr. Ashner is qualified to serve on our Board of Managers based on his extensive experience and knowledge in the real estate industry developed through his service as an executive officer and in corporate management, including his service with the companies listed above. 
 
 Executive Officers of the Company 
 John Garilli, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary Mr. Garilli has served as Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary since November 2018. Previously, Mr. Garilli served as the Chief Executive Officer of our Predecessor from July 2018 until November 2018 and as the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of our Predecessor from March 2017 until November 2018. Mr. Garilli served as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Luby s Inc. from February 2021 until its dissolution in May 2022. Mr. Garilli has served as a Trustee of LUB Liquidating Trust, successor to Luby's Inc., since June 2022. Mr. Garilli has served as Interim Chief Financial Officer of Seritage Growth Properties since January 2022. Mr. Garilli served as Chief Financial Officer of Winthrop Realty Trust from June 2012 until its liquidation in August 2016. Mr. Garilli has been with Winthrop Capital Advisors (f/k/a First Winthrop Corporation), a real estate investment and management company and affiliate of the Winthrop Advisor since September 1995 and currently serves as its President. 
 Family Relationships 
 There are no family relationships between any of our managers or executive officers. 
 Audit Committee 
 Due to the Company s limited operations and level of activity, which primarily includes the sale of our remaining asset and the payment of outstanding obligations, we have not had an audit committee or other committee that performs similar functions and, consequently, had not designated an audit committee financial expert. Given the addition to the Board of Managers of Mr. Ashner, and his affiliation with the Winthrop Advisor, on March 14, 2023, our Board of Managers created an audit committee consisting of Craig T. Bouchard and Randolph C. Read, each of whom is an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 
 33 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 Our Board of Managers has adopted a Code of Ethics (the Code of Ethics which is applicable to our managers, officers and employees (with respect to employees, if applicable in the future). The Code of Ethics covers topics including, but not limited to, conflicts of interest, confidentiality of information, full and fair disclosure, reporting of violations and compliance with laws and regulations. Our Advisor and its employees are subject to a separate code of ethics. 
 The Code of Ethics can be obtained without charge, upon request, by writing to our secretary at: New York REIT Liquidating LLC, 2 Liberty Square, 9 th Floor, Boston, MA 02109, Attention: John Garilli, Secretary. A waiver of the Code of Ethics may be made only by our Board of Managers and will be promptly disclosed to the extent required by law. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 We have no employees. Our Advisor performs our day-to-day management functions. For 2022 and 2021, our only named executive officer is Mr. Garilli. Mr. Garilli serves as our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Garilli is an employee of the Advisor and does not receive any compensation directly from us for serving as our executive officer. We do not reimburse our Advisor or its affiliates for salaries, bonuses or benefits incurred by these entities and paid to our named executive officers. 
 See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence in Part III, Item 13 for a discussion of fees payable and expenses reimbursable to the Advisor, the Property Manager, and their affiliates under our agreements with them. 
 
 We did not determine the compensation payable to our named executive officers by our Advisor or its affiliates during the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result, we do not have, and our Board of Managers has not considered a compensation policy or program for executive officers. Accordingly, we have not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K a Compensation Discussion and Analysis, report with respect to executive compensation or a ratio of the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer or our median employee. 
 Compensation of Executive Officers 
 The following table, footnote and related narrative summarizes the total compensation earned by the named executive officers for services rendered to the Company for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 during which such individuals were designated as named executive officers: 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 

Total 

John Garilli, 
 
 2022 

Chief Executive Officer, President and 
 
 2021 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2020 

Equity Compensation 
 There are no outstanding equity-based awards as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Compensation of Managers 
 The following table sets forth information regarding compensation of managers who served as members of our Board of Managers during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Fees Paid in Cash 

Total Compensation 

Craig Bouchard 

60,000 

60,000 

Howard Goldberg 

60,000 

60,000 

Randolph C. Read 

120,000 

120,000 

Michael L. Ashner 

15,000 

15,000 

34 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Effective July 1, 2020, the monthly stipend paid to each Manager was reduced to 5,000 per month with the non-executive chair receiving an additional 5,000 per month. Fees earned by our managers for their services are paid quarterly in advance. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Units as of December 31, 2022 by: 
 each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5.0 of the outstanding Units; 

each of our Managers and named executive officers; and 

all of our Managers and executive officers as a group. 

Except as otherwise indicated, each unitholder listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to the Units beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. As of February 28, 2023, there were 16,791,769 Units outstanding. 

Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Numbers of Units Beneficially Owned 

Percent of Class 

Joseph Moinian (2) 

1,678,417 

10.0 

Pacific Investment Management Company LLC (3) 

1,649,082 

9.8 

Indaba Capital Management LP (4) 

1,645,561 

9.8 

TSSP Sub-Fund HoldCo (5) 

1,645,493 

9.8 

Morgan Stanley Co. LLC (6) 

1,515,000 

9.0 

Davidson Kempner Capital Mgmt LP (7) 

1,415,223 

8.4 

683 Capital Management LLC (8) 

938,730 

5.6 

Michael Ashner (9) 

92,400 

John A. Garilli 

4,000 

Randolph C. Read 

1,849 

Craig T. Bouchard 

493 

All directors and executive officers as a group (4 persons) 

98,742 

Less than 1 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each individual or entity listed in the table is 2 Liberty Square, 9 th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02109. 

(2) The business address for Joseph Moinian is 3 Columbus Circle, 26 th Floor, New York, New York 10019. Joseph Moinian has sole voting power over 1,678,417 Units. The information contained herein respecting Joseph Moinian is based solely on Schedule 13G filed by Joseph Moinian with the SEC on July 7, 2020. 

(3) The business address for Pacific Investment Management Company LLC is 650 Newport Center Drive, Newport Beach, California 92660. Pacific Investment Management Company LLC has sole voting power over 1,649,082 Units. The information contained herein respecting Pacific Investment Management Company LLC is based solely on Schedule 13G/A filed by Pacific Investment Management Company LLC with the SEC on February 14, 2023. 

(4) The business address for Indaba Capital Management LP is One Letterman Drive, Suite DM700, San Francisco, California 94129. Indaba Capital Management LP has shared voting power over 1,645,561 Units. The information contained herein respecting Indaba Capital Management LP is based solely on Schedule 13G/A filed by Indaba Capital Management LP with the SEC on February 16, 2021. 

(5) The business address for TSSP Sub-Fund HoldCo LLC is 2100 McKinney Avenue, Suite 1030, Dallas, Texas 75201. TSSP Sub-Fund HoldCo LLC has shared voting power over 1,645,493 Units. The information contained herein respecting TSSP Sub-Fund HoldCo LLC is based solely on Schedule 13G/A filed by TSSP Sub-Fund HoldCo LLC with the SEC on February 14, 2019. 

(6) The business address for Morgan Stanley Co. LLC is 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 3 rd Floor, New York, New York 10020. Morgan Stanley Co. LLC has shared voting power over 1,515,000 Units. The information contained herein respecting Morgan Stanley Co. LLC is based solely on information provided by the brokerage firm. 

35 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 (7) The business address for Davidson Kempner Capital Mgmt LP is 520 Madison Avenue, 30 th Floor, New York, New York, 10022. Davidson Kempner Capital Mgmt LP has shared voting power over 1,415,223 Units. The information contained herein respecting Davidson Kempner Capital Mgmt LP is based solely on Schedule 13G/A filed by Davidson Kempner Capital Mgmt LP with the SEC on February 11, 2019. 

(8) The business address for 683 Capital Management LLC is 3 Columbus Circle, Suite 2205, New York, New York 10019. 683 Capital Management LLC has shared voting power over 938,730 Units. The information contained herein respecting 683 Capital Management LLC is based solely on Schedule 13G/A filed by 683 Capital Management LLC with the SEC on February 14, 2019. 

(9) Mr. Ashner disclaims beneficial ownership of 4,100 shares held by his adult children. 

SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of the common stock of the Company to file initial reports of ownership of such securities and reports of changes in ownership of such securities with the SEC. Such officers, directors and 10 stockholders of the Company are also required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 
 To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations that no other reports were required during the year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were timely satisfied. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Effective March 7, 2017, the Winthrop Advisor was hired as the Predecessor s advisor. The Winthrop Advisor continues to serve as the advisor to the Liquidating LLC. 
 Mr. Garilli was elected as our Predecessor s Chief Financial Officer in March 2017. On July 12, 2018, Mr. Garilli was elected as Chief Executive Officer and President while maintaining his other executive positions of the Predecessor. Mr. Garilli is employed by an affiliate of the Winthrop Advisor and holds an indirect ownership interest in the Winthrop Advisor. 
 Mr. Ashner was appointed as a member of the Board of Managers on November 7, 2022. Mr. Ashner serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Winthrop Advisor. 
 Advisor 
 From March 8, 2017 until November 2018, the Winthrop Advisor managed the day-to-day operations of our Predecessor pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. The Winthrop Advisor currently manages the day-to-day operations of the Company. The services provided by the Winthrop Advisor include: (i) serving as our investment and financial advisor; (ii) performing and supervising the various administrative functions necessary for the day-to-day management of our operations, including providing personnel necessary to perform such services; (iii) engaging and conducting business with consultants, accountants, lenders, attorneys, brokers and other service providers and overseeing the performance of services; (iv) overseeing acquisitions and dispositions of investments and recommending acquisitions and dispositions of investments to our Board of Managers; (v) arranging for financings and refinancings; (v) overseeing and managing our existing investments; (vi) managing accounting and other record-keeping functions; (vii) preparing and filing all reports required to be filed by it with the SEC, the IRS and other regulatory agencies; (viii) maintaining our compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; and (ix) monitoring compliance with our corporate-level and property-level indebtedness. 
 The Winthrop Advisor is charged with, among other things, implementing the Company s plan of liquidation, to sell all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its OP and to liquidate and dissolve the Company and the OP (the Liquidation Plan ). The Liquidation Plan was approved by the Board of Directors on August 22, 2016 and by our stockholders on January 3, 2017. We expect to sell or transfer all our assets, pay or provide for our liabilities and expenses, distribute the remaining proceeds of the liquidation of our assets to our stockholders or unitholders, wind up our operations and dissolve. The actual amounts and times of future liquidating distributions to our unitholders pursuant to the Liquidation Plan will be determined by our Board of Managers at its discretion. 
 36 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 The following table sets forth the various fees and expenses paid by us to the Winthrop Advisor during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Asset Management Fees 

1,200,000 

Advisory Agreement Advisor 
 The activities of the Liquidating LLC are administered by the Winthrop Advisor pursuant to the terms of an advisory agreement, as amended, the Advisory Agreement between the Company and the Winthrop Advisor. 
 The Advisory Agreement is subject to automatic one-month renewal periods on the expiration of any renewal term, unless terminated by a majority of the Board of Managers or the Winthrop Advisor, upon written notice 45 days before the expiration of any renewal term and will automatically terminate at the effective time of the final disposition of the assets held by the Company. The Advisory Agreement may be terminated upon 15 days written notice by a majority of the Board of Managers if the Company s chief executive officer resigns or is otherwise unavailable to serve as the Company s chief executive officer for any reason and the Winthrop Advisor has not proposed a new chief executive officer acceptable to a majority of the Board of Managers. 
 From the Liquidation Date through July 31, 2020, the Company paid to the Winthrop Advisor a monthly fee of 100,000 and a supplemental fee of 50,000 per quarter (prorated for any partial quarter) for any period that the principal executive and financial officers of the successor entity to the Company are required to certify the financial and other information contained in the successor entity s quarterly and annual reports pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. On October 30, 2020, the Advisory Agreement was amended to reduce the monthly fee payable to Winthrop Advisor to 83,000 effective August 1, 2020. All other terms of the Advisory Agreement remained the same. 
 In connection with the adoption of liquidation accounting, the Company accrues costs it expects to incur through the end of liquidation. At December 31, 2022, the Company has accrued asset management fees totaling 1.2 million payable to Winthrop Advisor representing management s estimate of future asset management fees to final liquidation, provided there is no assurance that the contract will continue to be extended at the same terms, if at all. This amount is included in estimated costs in excess of estimated receipts during liquidation. 
 In connection with the payment of (i) any distributions of money or other property by the Company to its stockholders or unitholders during the term of the Current Advisory Agreement and (ii) any other amounts paid to the Company s stockholders or unitholders on account of their shares of common stock or membership interests in the LLC in connection with a merger or other change in control transaction pursuant to an agreement with the Predecessor entered into after March 8, 2017 (such distributions and payments, the Hurdle Payments ), in excess of 110.00 per share (adjusted for the Reverse Split, the Hurdle Amount ), when taken together with all other Hurdle Payments, the Company will pay an incentive fee to Winthrop Advisor in an amount equal to 10.0 of such excess (the Incentive Fee ). The Hurdle Amount will be increased on an annualized basis by an amount equal to the product of (a) the Treasury Rate plus 200 basis points and (b) the Hurdle Amount minus all previous Hurdle Payments. Based on the current estimated undiscounted net assets in liquidation, the Winthrop Advisor would not be entitled to receive any such incentive fee. 
 Manager Designation Agreement 
 On June 30, 2020, the Company entered into a Manager Designation Agreement (the Manager Designation Agreement with WW Investors LLC, WW Investors ), an affiliate of the Winthrop Advisor, which owned, as of the date of the Manager Designation Agreement, 132,774 Units in the aggregate. The Manager Designation Agreement provided that Howard Goldberg, then a member of the Board, was to be deemed to be WW Investors designee on the Board and further provided that for so long as they are not in breach of the Manager Designation Agreement, WW Investors shall be entitled to recommend a replacement nominee to the Board to fill a vacancy on the Board resulting from Mr. Goldberg s resignation, death or disability, subject to the approval of the Board in its reasonable discretion. On November 7, 2022, Mr. Goldberg resigned from the Board of Managers. On November 9, 2022, Michael L. Ashner was appointed as a member of the Board of Managers. Furthermore, pursuant to the Manager Designation Agreement, WW Investors, and their affiliates agree to certain standstill restrictions until the earlier of A such time that WW Investors Board designee is removed and the Company fails to seat a replacement pursuant to the Manager Designation Agreement, B the Winthrop Advisor is replaced as the Company s advisor and C the later of i 14 months from the date of the Manager Designation Agreement and ii such time as a WW Investor designee is no longer a member of the Board. 
 37 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 KPMG LLP has been selected to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm to audit our consolidated financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2022. Prior to the formation of the Audit Committee in March 2023, KPMG LLP reported directly to our Board of Managers. The Board of Managers participated in and approved the decision to appoint KPMG LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Subsequent to the formation of the Audit Committee, KPMG LLP reports directly to our Audit Committee. 
 Audit Fees 
 Audit fees charged by KPMG LLP related to the audits of our consolidated financial statements for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 360,000 and 300,000 which were incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Auditor Name: 
 Auditor Location: 
 Auditor Firm ID: 
 Audit Related Fees 
 There were no audit related fees billed by KPMG LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Tax Fees 
 There were no tax fees billed by KPMG for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 All Other Fees 
 There were no other fees billed by KPMG LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 38 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Page Number 

1. 
 Financial Statements Part II, Item 8, Financial Statement and Supplementary Data 
 31 

2. 
 Exhibits: See accompanying Exhibit Index 
 40 

39 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 The following exhibits are included, or incorporated by reference, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

2.1 (8) 
 Plan of Liquidation 

2.2 (9) 
 Amendment to Plan of Liquidation 

3.1 (4) 
 Articles of Conversion of New York REIT, Inc. 

3.2 (4) 
 Certificate of Conversion of New York REIT, Inc. 

3.3 (4) 
 Certificate of Formation of New York REIT Liquidating LLC 

3.4 (4) 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of New York Liquidating LLC, dated as of November 7, 2018 

4.1 (5) 
 Description of Units 

10.1 (1) 
 Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and among New York REIT, Inc., New York Recovery Operating Partnership, L.P. and Winthrop REIT Advisors LLC 

10.4 (3) 
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of WWP Holdings, LLC dated October 18, 2017 

10.5 (6) 
 Amendment No. 2 to Advisory Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2018, among New York REIT, Inc., New York Recovery Operating Partnership, L.P. and Winthrop REIT Advisors LLC 

10.6 (7) 
 Amendment No. 3 to Advisory Agreement dated as of August 7, 2018, among New York REIT Inc., New York Recovery Operating Partnership, L.P. and Winthrop REIT Advisors LLC 

10.7 (10) 
 Indemnification Agreement dated November 13, 2018, between New York REIT Liquidating LLC and Randolph C. Read 

10.8 (10) 
 Indemnification Agreement dated November 13, 2018, between New York REIT Liquidating LLC and Craig T. Bouchard 

10.9 
 Indemnification Agreement dated March 30, 2023, between New York REIT Liquidating LLC and Michael L. Ashner 

10.10 (10) 
 Indemnification Agreement dated November 13, 2018, between New York REIT Liquidating LLC and John Garilli 

10.11 (11) 
 Manager Designation Agreement dated June 30, 2020 by and among New York Liquidating LLC and the WW Investors party thereto 

10.12 (12) 
 Amendment No. 4 to Advisory Agreement dated as of October 30, 2020, among New York REIT Liquidating LLC and Winthrop REIT Advisors LLC 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of New York REIT Liquidating LLC 

23.1 
 Consent of KPMG LLP 

31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of New York REIT Liquidating LLC pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Written statement of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of New York REIT Liquidating LLC pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 The following materials from New York REIT Liquidating LLC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Net Assets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets, and (iii) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Filed herewith 
 40 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Filed as an exhibit to New York REIT, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 19, 2016. 

(2) Filed as an exhibit to New York REIT, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2017. 

(3) Filed as an exhibit to New York REIT, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2018. 

(4) Filed as an exhibit to New York REIT Liquidating LLC s Current Report on 8-K filed with the SEC on November 7, 2018. 

(5) Filed as pages 36 and 37 of New York REIT, Inc. s Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed with the SEC on August 6, 2018. 

(6) Filed as an exhibit to New York REIT Liquidating LLC s Current Report on 8-K filed with the SEC on June 11, 2018. 

(7) Filed as an exhibit to New York REIT Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 30, 2018. 

(8) Filed as an exhibit to New York REIT Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on December 21, 2016. 

(9) Filed as an exhibit to New York REIT Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2017. 

(10) Filed as an exhibit to New York REIT Liquidating LLC s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2019. 

(11) Filed as an exhibit to New York REIT Liquidating LLC s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2020. 

(12) Filed as an exhibit to New York REIT Liquidating LLC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 4, 2020. 

(13) Filed as an exhibit to New York REIT Liquidating LLC s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2021. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 Not applicable. 
 41 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, this 31st day of March 2023. 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 

/s/ John A. Garilli 

John A. Garilli 

Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Randolph C. Read Randolph C. Read 
 Manager 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Craig T. Bouchard Craig T. Bouchard 
 Manager 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Michael L. Ashner Michael L. Ashner 
 Manager 
 March 31, 2023 

42 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 44 

Consolidated Statements of Net Assets (Liquidation Basis) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 46 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets (Liquidation Basis) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 47 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 48 

43 

Report of Independent Regi stered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Unitholders and Board of Managers 
 New York REIT Liquidating LLC: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of net assets of New York REIT Liquidating LLC and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of changes in net assets for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, net assets in liquidation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the changes in net assets in liquidation for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Evaluation of the expected sales proceeds upon disposition of underlying real estate 
 As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records the investment in unconsolidated joint venture at its liquidation value, or net realizable value, which is comprised of an estimate of the expected sale proceeds upon disposition plus the estimated net cash flow from the venture during the liquidation period. The Company evaluates the net realizable value of its unconsolidated joint venture at each reporting period and any changes in net realizable value are reflected as a change in the Company s net assets in liquidation. The investment in unconsolidated joint venture represents an equity interest in Worldwide Plaza and its expected sale proceeds is determined using estimated cash flow projections utilizing discount and capitalization rates as well as available market information and assumptions regarding capital expenditures. The liquidation value of the Company s investment in unconsolidated joint venture was 22.7 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 We identified the evaluation of the expected sales proceeds upon disposition of the underlying real estate included in the Company s liquidation value of its investment in unconsolidated joint venture as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective auditor judgement, as well as specialized skills and knowledge, was required in applying procedures and evaluating results from such procedures over the discounted cash flow method used to calculate the expected sales proceeds upon disposition of the underlying real estate. This included significant assumptions related to the discount rate, terminal capitalization rate, market rent, and capital expenditures, which also had a significant effect on the determination of liquidation value of the underlying real estate. 
 44 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design of certain internal controls related to the Company s process to evaluate the expected sales proceeds upon disposition of the underlying real estate included in the Company s liquidation value of its investment in its unconsolidated joint venture, including controls related to the development of the significant assumptions noted above. We assessed the Company s estimate of future capital expenditures by inspecting their written plans and evaluating that they have the financial resources to carry out their plans. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in assessing: 
 the appropriateness of the valuation methodology 

the estimated discount rate, estimated terminal capitalization rate, and estimated market rents used by the Company by comparing them to independently developed ranges using market information obtained from third-party real estate publications. 

We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained related to the expected sales proceeds upon disposition of the underlying real estate by assessing the results of procedures performed. 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Stamford, Connecticut 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 45 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEME NTS OF NET ASSETS 
 AS OF December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Liability for estimated costs in excess of estimated receipts during liquidation 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Net assets in liquidation 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 46 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED ST ATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 
 (LIQUIDATION BASIS) 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED December 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Net assets in liquidation, beginning of period 

Changes in net assets in liquidation: 

Changes in liquidation value of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

() 

() 

Remeasurement of assets and liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in liquidation value 

() 

() 

Liquidating distributions to unitholders/common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Changes in net assets in liquidation 

() 

() 

() 

Net assets in liquidation, end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 47 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 equity interest in WWP Holdings LLC WWP which owns property aggregating million rentable square feet, with an average occupancy of , and cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaling million. The property at December 31, 2022 consisted of office space, retail space and a garage representing , and , respectively, of rentable square feet as of year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has no employees. Since March 8, 2017, all advisory duties are administered by Winthrop REIT Advisors, LLC (the Winthrop Advisor ). 

 practices of the Company. On November 9, 2022, Michael L. Ashner was appointed as a member of the Board of Managers. As of November 9, 2022, the Board of Managers is comprised of Randolph C. Read, Craig T. Bouchard and Michael L. Ashner. Additionally, John Lee and Joseph Moinian, representing two of the Company s largest unitholders, served as observers to the Board of Managers from October 4, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively, in unpaid positions with no voting rights in connection with Board of Managers matters. On November 8, 2022, John Lee resigned from his position as an observer to the Board of Managers, effective immediately, in accordance with the terms of the previously disclosed Board Observer Agreement between himself and the Company. On November 13, 2022, Joseph Moinian resigned from his position as an observer to the Board of Managers, effective immediately, in accordance with the terms of the previously disclosed Board Observer Agreement between himself and the Company. The Company is deemed to be the same entity as the Predecessor with the same assets and liabilities as the Predecessor. In addition, the charter and bylaws of the Predecessor were replaced by the operating agreement of the Company. For tax purposes, the fair value of each Unit in the Company received by stockholders when the conversion became effective, which reflects the value of the remaining assets of the Company (net of liabilities), was equal to the average of the high and low trading prices for shares of the Predecessor s common stock on the last three days on which the shares were traded on the NYSE. The business of the Company is the same as the business of the Predecessor immediately preceding the conversion, which, consistent with the Liquidation Plan, consists of the continued ownership of the Predecessor s interest in Worldwide Plaza, the only remaining property-related asset. Under its operating agreement, the business and affairs of the Company will be managed by or under the direction of its Board of Managers, and the sole purpose is winding up the affairs of the Company and the liquidation of its remaining asset. On March 14, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the operating agreement of the Company, the Board of Managers extended the term of the Company such that the Company will remain in existence until the earlier of (i) the distribution of all Company assets pursuant to liquidation, or (ii) December 31, 2023. The term may be extended to such later date as the Board of Managers determines is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes of the Company. The dissolution process and the amount and timing of future distributions to unitholders involves risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the timing or aggregate amount which will be ultimately distributed to unitholders and no assurance can be given that the distributions will equal or exceed the estimate of net assets presented in the Consolidated Statement of Net Assets. 

 of base rents for current retail and amenities tenants and has written off approximately of base rents related to surrendered retail and amenities space. To date, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has not been material to Worldwide Plaza, however, it is not possible to estimate the future impact of the pandemic at this time. 
 discussed below. The actual timing of sale has not yet been determined and is subject to future events and uncertainties. These estimates are subject to change based on the actual timing of sale of the Company s remaining property. Liabilities are carried at their contractual amounts due as adjusted for the timing and other assumptions related to the liquidation process. The Company accrues costs and revenues that it expects to incur and earn as it carries out its liquidation activities through the end of the projected liquidation period to the extent it has a reasonable basis for estimation. Under the liquidation basis of accounting, it is generally accepted that the period of time to assume a reasonable basis for estimation would not exceed one year from the reporting date. As such, our current projected liquidation period ends on December 31, 2023. Estimated costs expected to be incurred through the end of the liquidation period include corporate overhead costs associated with satisfying known and contingent liabilities and other costs associated with the winding down and dissolution of the Company. Revenues are based on current interest rate assumptions. These amounts are classified as a net liability for estimated costs in excess of estimated receipts during liquidation on the Consolidated Statements of Net Assets. Actual costs and revenues may differ from amounts reflected in the consolidated financial statements due to the inherent uncertainty in estimating future events. These differences may be material. See Note 4 for further discussion. Actual costs incurred but unpaid as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Net Assets. 

million. Of this sum, million has been reserved either for potential capital improvement work at Worldwide Plaza, should the Company elect to contribute, or to be paid as a liquidating distribution to unitholders. The remaining million is being held in escrow in connection with the sale of the Viceroy Hotel (the Viceroy Escrow ). The Viceroy Escrow was established from proceeds of the sale of the Viceroy Hotel and was required to cover a potential seller s obligation to fund any shortfalls to the New York Hotel Pension Fund should the purchaser of the property withdraw from the Pension Fund without fully funding the then outstanding shortfall due the Pension Fund. The Viceroy Escrow is set to expire in October 2023, and the funds will be used to satisfy the liabilities under agreement or will be distributed to unitholders. 

of its REIT taxable income for the period January 1, 2018 through November 7, 2018 and for the year ended December 31, 2017. From and after November 8, 2018, the Company is taxed as a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes. Accordingly, no provision or benefit for income taxes is made in the consolidated financial statements. All future distributions from the Company will be considered a return of capital for tax purposes. Holder of Units will receive a Schedule K-1 from the Company annually reflecting their allocable share of the Company s income, loss, gain and deduction. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Predecessor purchased a hotel, which was owned by a subsidiary of the OP and leased to a taxable REIT subsidiary TRS ), that was owned by the OP. The hotel was sold on October 4, 2018, and the TRS was terminated. A TRS is subject to federal, state and local income taxes. The TRS was a tax paying component for purposes of classifying deferred tax assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 , the Predecessor had no material uncertain income tax positions. The tax years subsequent to and including the year ended December 31, 2018 remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company and the Predecessor is subject. 
 reportable segment, with activities related to investing in real estate through a joint venture. The Company s joint venture invests in real estate which generates rental revenue and other income through the leasing of the property. Management evaluates the operating performance of the Company s investment at the individual property level. 

() 

Liability for estimated costs in excess of estimated receipts during liquidation 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total liability for estimated costs in excess of estimated receipts during liquidation 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) 

January 1, 2020 

Net Change in Working Capital (1) 

Remeasurement of Assets and Liabilities 

December 31, 2021 

General and administrative expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Total liability for estimated costs in excess of estimated receipts during liquidation 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) 

52 

NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The reduction was primarily due to net decrease of million in the estimated liquidation value of the Company s investment in Worldwide Plaza primarily related to a decrease in value as well as a decrease in estimated distributions from working capital and property operations. The decrease in value is driven by increased interest rates, inflation, uncertainty of the timing of market recovery and continued lack of transactions in the market for office buildings, especially in the New York City market. The reduction also included liquidating distributions to unitholders totaling million and a million decrease due to a remeasurement of estimated costs. Net assets in liquidation decreased by million during the year ended December 31, 2021 . The reduction was primarily due to liquidating distributions to unitholders totaling million and a million decrease due to a remeasurement of estimated costs. The reduction in net assets was offset by a net increase of million in the estimated liquidation value of the Company s investment in Worldwide Plaza primarily related to the estimated distributions from working capital and property operations. Net assets in liquidation decreased by million during the year ended December 31, 2020 . The reduction was primarily due to a million decrease in the Company s investment in Worldwide Plaza based on a decrease of the estimated property value of Worldwide Plaza, liquidating distributions to unitholders totaling million and a million decrease due to a remeasurement of estimated costs. The reduction in net assets was offset by a net increase of million in the estimated liquidation value of the Company s investment in Worldwide Plaza primarily related to the estimated distributions from working capital and property operations. The net assets in liquidation at December 31, 2022, presented on an undiscounted basis, include the Company s proportionate share in Worldwide Plaza s net assets which include a property value based on estimated cash flow projections utilizing appropriate discount and capitalization rates as well as available market information. The estimated cash flow projections, which include minimal future capital investment, were negatively impacted by the market factors discussed above and result in a property value that approximates Worldwide Plaza s current debt balance. There were Units outstanding at December 31, 2022. The net assets in liquidation as of December 31, 2022, if sold at their net asset value, would result in liquidating distributions of approximately per Unit. The net assets in liquidation as of December 31, 2022 of million , if sold at their net asset value, plus the cumulative liquidating distributions paid to stockholders of billion per common share/Unit) prior to December 31, 2022 would result in cumulative liquidating distributions to stockholders/unitholders of per Unit. There is inherent uncertainty with these estimates, and they could change materially based on the timing of the sales, the performance of the underlying assets and any changes in the underlying assumptions of the estimated cash flows. 

 equity interest in Worldwide Plaza for a contract purchase price of million, based on the property value at that time for Worldwide Plaza of billion less million of debt on the property. On June 1, 2017, the Predecessor acquired an additional equity interest on exercise of the WWP Option pursuant to the Company s rights under the joint venture agreement of Worldwide Plaza for a contract purchase price of million, based on the option price of approximately billion less million of debt on the property. The Predecessor s joint venture partner exercised its right to retain of the aggregate membership interests in Worldwide Plaza. Following the exercise of the option, the Predecessor owned a total equity interest of in Worldwide Plaza. On October 18, 2017, the Predecessor sold a interest in Worldwide Plaza to a joint venture managed by SL Green Realty Corp. and RXR Realty LLC based on an estimated underlying property value of billion. In conjunction with the equity sale, there was a concurrent billion refinancing of the existing Worldwide Plaza debt. The Predecessor received cash at closing of approximately million from the sale and excess proceeds from the financing, net of closing costs which included million of defeasance and prepayment costs. The new debt on Worldwide Plaza bears interest at a blended rate of approximately per annum, requires monthly payments of interest only and matures in . If by August 31, 2023, the space currently leased by Cravath, Swaine Moore has not been sufficiently re-leased on terms that would generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy debt service requirements, the joint venture that owns Worldwide Plaza would be restricted from making distributions under the terms of its indebtedness. The Company initially set aside approximately million from the 2017 refinancing proceeds to cover our share of potential future leasing and capital costs at the property; as discussed in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies, the Company believes that there is no obligation to reserve this amount, and even if such an obligation existed, it has lapsed and we are seeking a declaratory judgment in the Delaware Court of Chancery that we are permitted to distribute the reserved funds. Following the sale of its interest discussed above, the Company now holds a interest in Worldwide Plaza. The Company has determined that this investment is an investment in a VIE. The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of this VIE since the Company does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance. The Company accounts for this investment using the equity method of accounting. The lease with one of the tenants at the Worldwide Plaza property contains a right of first offer in the event that Worldwide Plaza sells of the property. The right requires Worldwide Plaza to offer the tenant the option to purchase of the Worldwide Plaza property, at the price, and on other material terms, proposed by Worldwide Plaza to third parties. If, after a -day period, that tenant does not accept the offer, Worldwide Plaza may then sell the property to a third party, provided that Worldwide Plaza will be required to re-offer the property to that tenant if it desires to sell the property for a purchase price (and other economic consideration) less than of the initial purchase price contained in the offer to that tenant. We have a right to transfer our membership interests in Worldwide Plaza to purchasers meeting certain qualifications, subject to a right of first offer to our joint venture partner. Commencing January 18, 2022, we and our joint venture partner also have the right to require the joint venture to market the property owned by it for sale, subject to a right of first offer to our joint venture partner. Any transferee of our interest would acquire an interest subject to the same limitations on participation in the management of Worldwide Plaza that are applicable to us. There can be no assurance these limitations will not affect our ability to sell our interest in Worldwide Plaza or the amount we would receive on a sale. In addition, we may determine that a sale of the property rather than our interest in Worldwide Plaza is the best way to maximize the value of our interest in Worldwide Plaza. A sale of the property could substantially delay the timing of our complete liquidation. Additionally, the existence of the right of first offers may delay our ability to sell the Worldwide Plaza property or our interest in Worldwide Plaza on terms and in the timeframe of our choosing and may diminish the price we receive on a sale. 

Worldwide Plaza 
 
 Nomura Holdings America, Inc. 

The termination, delinquency or non-renewal of any of the above tenants may have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations. The lease with Cravath, Swaine Moore expires in August 2024 and the tenant has informed Worldwide Plaza that they do not intend to enter into a new lease upon expiration of the existing lease. The amounts reflected in the following tables are based on the financial information of Worldwide Plaza. Under liquidation accounting, equity investments are carried at net realizable value. 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Total real estate assets, net 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Debt 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Deficit 

() 

() 

Total liabilities and deficit 

Operating expenses: 

Operating expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss allocated to non-controlling interest 

Net income 

Units outstanding. The Company expects to make periodic liquidating distributions out of cash flow distributions from our investment in Worldwide Plaza and ultimate sale of the Company's interest in Worldwide Plaza, subject to satisfying its liabilities and obligations, in lieu of regular monthly dividends. During 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company paid aggregate liquidating distributions equal to per unit, per unit and per unit, respectively. 

million (the Reserve that was established in 2017 in connection with a transaction between the Company s subsidiary, ARC NYWWPJV 001, LLC, and WWP JV LLC relating to a proposed investment in Worldwide Plaza, an office and retail mixed-use project located in midtown Manhattan. The Company s subsidiary, ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC filed suit against WWP JV LLC on December 22, 2022. The suit is captioned ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC v. WWP JV LLC, (Sup. Ct. N.Y. City), and, on February 10, 2023, the Company was named as Counterclaim Defendant and Third-Party Defendant in such action. ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC has sought declaratory relief that it need not fund certain disputed capital contributions exceeding million under the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of WWP Holdings, LLC LLC Agreement related to proposed capital improvements at Worldwide Plaza. WWP JV LLC s counterclaim against the Company seeks declaratory relief that the Company must continue to maintain the Reserve until such time as a member of WWP Holdings, LLC issues a call notice for the Reserve under the LLC Agreement (the Counterclaim ). WWP JV LLC s third party claims against the Company assert claims for fraud, fraudulent inducement, and unjust enrichment and seek damages in excess of million (the Third Party Claims ). It is the Company s and ARC NYWWPJV001 s position that the Counterclaim and Third Party Claims are without merit and fail to state any causes of action upon which relief may be granted as a matter of law and/or pursuant to the express terms of the LLC Agreement. Moreover, NYRT is not a party to the LLC Agreement and there is a prior action between NYRT and WWP JV LLC pending in Delaware. If the Company is unsuccessful in receiving favorable declaratory judgments in the above referenced actions or is unsuccessful in defending the claims against it therein, the Company may be required to contribute additional capital to the joint venture. The Company cannot predict and expresses no prediction as to the outcome of these matters. Therefore, the Company cannot estimate the range of any reasonably possible loss. Environmental Matters In connection with the ownership and operation of real estate, the Company may potentially be liable for costs and damages related to environmental matters. The Company, through its joint venture, maintains environmental insurance for its properties that provides coverage for potential environmental liabilities, subject to the policy s coverage conditions and limitations. The Company has not been notified by any governmental authority of any non-compliance, liability or other claim, and is not aware of any other environmental condition that it believes will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations. 

 and a supplemental fee of per quarter (prorated for any partial quarter) for any period that the principal executive and financial officers of the successor entity to the Company are required to certify the financial and other information contained in the successor entity s quarterly and annual reports pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. On October 30, 2020, the Advisory Agreement was amended to reduce the monthly fee payable to Winthrop Advisor to effective August 1, 2020. All other terms of the Advisory Agreement remained unchanged. In connection with the adoption of liquidation accounting, the Company accrues costs it expects to incur through the end of liquidation. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company has accrued asset management fees and compensation reimbursements totaling million payable to Winthrop Advisor representing management s estimate of future asset management fees to final liquidation, provided there is no assurance that the contract will continue to be extended at the same terms, if at all. This amount is included in estimated costs in excess of estimated receipts during liquidation. In connection with the payment of (i) any distributions of money or other property by the Company to its stockholders or unitholders during the term of the Advisory Agreement and (ii) any other amounts paid to the Company s stockholders or unitholders on account of their shares of common stock or membership interests in the Company in connection with a merger or other change in control transaction pursuant to an agreement with the Company entered into after March 8, 2017 (such distributions and payments, the Hurdle Payments ), in excess of per share (adjusted for the Reverse Split, the Hurdle Amount ), when taken together with all other Hurdle Payments, the Company will pay an incentive fee to Winthrop Advisor in an amount equal to of such excess (the Incentive Fee ). The Hurdle Amount will be increased on an annualized basis by an amount equal to the product of (a) the Treasury Rate plus 200 basis points and (b) the Hurdle Amount minus all previous Hurdle Payments. Based on the current estimated undiscounted net assets in liquidation, the Winthrop Advisor would not be entitled to receive any such incentive fee. The Company paid the Winthrop Advisor million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. On June 30, 2020, the Company entered into a Manager Designation Agreement (the Manager Designation Agreement with WW Investors LLC, WW Investors ), an affiliate of the Winthrop Advisor, which owned, as of the date of the Manager Designation Agreement, 132,774 Units in the aggregate. The Manager Designation Agreement provided that Howard Goldberg, who was a member of the Board at the time, was deemed to be WW Investors designee on the Board and further provides that for so long as they are not in breach of the Manager Designation Agreement, WW Investors shall be entitled to recommend a replacement nominee to the Board to fill a vacancy on the Board resulting from Mr. Goldberg s resignation, death or disability, subject to the approval of the Board in its reasonable discretion. On November 7, 2022, Mr. Goldberg resigned from the Board of Managers. On November 9, 2022, Michael L. Ashner was appointed as a member of the Board of Managers. Furthermore, pursuant to the Manager Designation Agreement, WW Investors, and their affiliates agree to certain standstill restrictions until the earlier of A such time that WW Investors Board designee is removed and the Company fails to seat a replacement pursuant to the Manager Designation Agreement, B the Winthrop Advisor is replaced as the Company s advisor and C the later of i 14 months from the date of the Manager Designation Agreement and ii such time as a WW Investor designee is no longer a member of the Board. 

57 

<EX-10>
 2
 ck0001474464-ex10_9.htm
 EX-10.9

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.9 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of March 30, 2023 by and between New York REIT Liquidating LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and Michael L. Ashner Indemnitee ). Other capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are not otherwise defined in this Agreement have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company dated as of November 7, 2018 (the LLC Agreement ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Indemnitee is presently serving as a Manager of the Company; and 
 WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the indemnification provided in the LLC Agreement, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows: 
 Section 1. Services to the Company . Indemnitee agrees, or has agreed, to serve as a Manager or officer of the Company. This Agreement shall not impose any independent obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitee s service to the Company. This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment contract between the Company (or any other entity) and Indemnitee. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in force after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a Manager or officer of the Company. 
 Section 2. Definitions . 
 As used in this Agreement: 
 (a) Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: 
 (i) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
 (ii) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 

1008874322v3 
 
 amended), becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 35 of the Units outstanding, measured by voting power rather than number of Units; 
 (iii) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Board are not Continuing Managers; or 
 (iv) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any entity, or any entity consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the outstanding Units are converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the Units outstanding immediately prior to such transaction are converted into or exchanged for voting stock or membership interests of the surviving or transferee entity constituting a majority of the outstanding shares or units of such voting stock or membership interests of such surviving or transferee entity immediately after giving effect to such issuance. 
 (b) Continuing Manager means any member of the Board who: (i) was a member of the Board at the Effective Time; or (ii) becomes a member of the Board following the approval of a majority of the Continuing Managers who were members of the Board at the time of such approval. 
 (c) Corporate Status means the status of a person as a present or former Manager, officer, employee or agent of the Company or as a director, trustee, officer, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving in such capacity at the request of the Company. As a clarification and without limiting the circumstances in which Indemnitee may be serving at the request of the Company, service by Indemnitee shall be deemed to be at the request of the Company if Indemnitee serves or served as a director, trustee, officer, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise (i) of which a majority of the voting power or equity interest is owned directly or indirectly by the Company or (ii) the management of which is controlled directly or indirectly by the Company. 
 (d) Enforcement Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with an action to enforce indemnification or advancement rights, or an appeal from such action, including, without limitation, the premium, security for and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond or other appeal bond or its equivalent. 
 2 
 
 1008874322v3 
 
 (e) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding or an appeal resulting from a Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 
 (f) Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a partner (or, if applicable, member) of such a law firm, that is experienced in matters of Delaware corporate and alternative entity law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to any such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 
 (g) Proceeding means any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative nature, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was serving as a Manager, officer, employee or agent of the Company or as a director, trustee, officer, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving in such capacity at the request of the Company, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement; provided, however, that the term Proceeding shall not include any action, suit or arbitration, or part thereof, initiated by Indemnitee to enforce Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement as provided for in Section 11 of this Agreement. 
 Section 3. Indemnification . The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in 
 3 
 
 1008874322v3 
 
 connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided, however, that if the Expenses, judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement arose out of any action or inaction of Indemnitee, indemnification shall only be available if the action or inaction did not constitute fraud or intentional misconduct by Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in respect of any threatened, pending or completed action or proceeding by or in the right of the Company or any Member to procure a judgment in his, her or its favor, no indemnification shall be made (i) in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudicated to be liable to the Company or any Member in the performance of Indemnitee s duty to the Company and its Members, unless and only to the extent that the court in which such action or proceeding is or was pending shall determine upon application that, in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for expenses and then only to the extent that the court shall determine, (ii) of amounts paid in settling or otherwise disposing of a pending action without court approval or (iii) of expenses incurred in defending a pending action which is settled or otherwise disposed of without court approval. Indemnitee shall not enter into any settlement in connection with a Proceeding without ten (10) days prior notice to the Company. 
 Section 4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement and except as provided in Section 6, to the extent that Indemnitee is a party to or a participant in and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section 4 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 
 Section 5. Indemnification For Expenses of a Witness . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party and is not threatened to be made a party, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. 
 Section 6. Exclusions . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement: 
 (a) to make any indemnity if the Proceeding was one by or in the right of the Company and Indemnitee is adjudged to be liable to the Company; 
 4 
 
 1008874322v3 
 
 (b) to make any indemnity if Indemnitee is adjudged to be liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received in any Proceeding charging improper personal benefit to Indemnitee, whether or not involving action in the Indemnitee s Corporate Status; 
 (c) indemnification or advance of Expenses hereunder if the Proceeding was brought by Indemnitee, unless: (i) the Proceeding was brought to enforce indemnification under this Agreement, and then only to the extent in accordance with and as authorized by Section 11 of this Agreement, or (ii) the LLC Agreement, a resolution of the Members of the Company or of the Board or an agreement approved by the Board to which the Company is a party expressly provide otherwise; 
 (d) to make any indemnity for amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder (or for which advancement is provided hereunder) if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such amounts under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise; 
 (e) to make any indemnity for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 
 (f) to make any indemnity or advancement that is prohibited by applicable law. 
 Section 7. Advances of Expenses . If, by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be, made a party to any Proceeding, the Company shall, without requiring a preliminary determination of Indemnitee s ultimate entitlement to indemnification hereunder, advance all reasonable Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with such Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by a written affirmation by Indemnitee of Indemnitee s good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Company as authorized by law and by this Agreement has been met. Execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement by Indemnitee shall constitute an undertaking by Indemnitee to reimburse the portion of any Expenses advanced to Indemnitee relating to claims, issues or matters in the Proceeding as to which it shall ultimately be established that the standard of conduct has not been met by Indemnitee and which have not been successfully resolved as described in Section 4 of this Agreement. To the extent that Expenses advanced to Indemnitee do not relate to a specific claim, issue or matter in the Proceeding, such Expenses shall be allocated on a reasonable and proportionate basis. The undertaking pursuant to this Section 7 shall be an unlimited general obligation by or on behalf of Indemnitee and shall be accepted without reference to Indemnitee s financial ability to repay such advanced Expenses and without any requirement to post security therefor. 
 5 
 
 1008874322v3 
 
 Section 8. Procedure for Notification and Defense of Claim . To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request therefor, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The officer of the Company receiving any such request from Indemnitee shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. 
 Section 9. Procedure Upon Application for Indemnification . 
 (a) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 8, a determination, if such determination is required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case: (i) by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board if Indemnitee so requests in such written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 8 and a Change in Control has occurred, or (ii) by the Company in accordance with the LLC Agreement and applicable law if a Change of Control has not occurred or a Change of Control has occurred but Indemnitee did not request for such determination to be made by Independent Counsel. In the case that such determination is made by Independent Counsel, a copy of Independent Counsel s written opinion shall be delivered to Indemnitee and, if it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Independent Counsel or the Company, as applicable, making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such counsel or the Company, upon reasonable advance request, any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Independent Counsel or the Company shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 
 (b) In the event that Indemnitee exercises his right to have his or her entitlement to indemnification determined by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9(a)(i), the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board. Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after written notice of such selection, deliver to the Company a written objection to such selection; provided , however , that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after the later of (i) submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification and Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9(a)(i) hereof, respectively, and (ii) the 
 6 
 
 1008874322v3 
 
 final disposition of the Proceeding, including any appeal therein, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected without objection, Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by Indemnitee to the selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court or by such other person as the court shall designate. The person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 9(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). 
 Section 10. Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings . 
 (a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, it shall be presumed that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 9 of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making of any determination contrary to that presumption. 
 (b) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of guilty, nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet the requisite standard of conduct described herein for indemnification. 
 (c) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other Manager, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any other director, trustee, officer, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining any other right to indemnification under this Agreement. 
 Section 11. Remedies of Indemnitee . 
 (a) Subject to Section 11(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 9(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 9(a) of this Agreement within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification that does not include a request for Independent Counsel, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5 or 6 or the last sentence of Section 9(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (v) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3, 4 or 5 of this 
 7 
 
 1008874322v3 
 
 Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of his or her entitlement to such indemnification or advancement. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Indemnitee shall commence such proceeding seeking an adjudication or an award in arbitration within 180 days following the date on which Indemnitee first has the right to commence such proceeding pursuant to this Section 11(a); provided , however , that the foregoing time limitation shall not apply in respect of a proceeding brought by Indemnitee to enforce his or her rights under Section 4 of this Agreement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee s right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 
 (b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 9(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 11 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 11, the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement, as the case may be. 
 (c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 9(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 11, absent a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification. 
 (d) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 11 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 
 (e) The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Enforcement Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor) advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, such Enforcement Expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee for indemnification or advancement from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or insurance recovery, as the case may be, in the suit for which indemnification or advancement is being sought. 
 8 
 
 1008874322v3 
 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding, including any appeal therein. 
 Section 12. Defense of the Underlying Proceeding . 
 (a) Indemnitee shall notify the Company promptly in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, request or other document relating to any Proceeding which may result in the right to indemnification or the advance of Expenses hereunder and shall include with such notice a description of the nature of the Proceeding and a summary of the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to give any such notice shall not disqualify Indemnitee from the right, or otherwise affect in any manner any right of Indemnitee, to indemnification or the advance of Expenses under this Agreement unless the Company s ability to defend in such Proceeding or to obtain proceeds under any insurance policy is materially and adversely prejudiced thereby, and then only to the extent the Company is thereby actually so prejudiced. 
 (b) Subject to the provisions of the last sentence of this Section 12(b) and of Section 12(c) below, the Company shall have the right to defend Indemnitee in any Proceeding which may give rise to indemnification hereunder; provided, however, that the Company shall notify Indemnitee of any such decision to defend within fifteen (15) calendar days following receipt of notice of any such Proceeding under Section 12(a) above. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Indemnitee, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, consent to the entry of any judgment against Indemnitee or enter into any settlement or compromise which (i) includes an admission of fault of Indemnitee, (ii) does not include, as an unconditional term thereof, the full release of Indemnitee from all liability in respect of such Proceeding, which release shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee or (iii) would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. This Section 12(b) shall not apply to a Proceeding brought by Indemnitee under Section 11 of this Agreement. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12(b) above, if in a Proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status, (i) Indemnitee reasonably concludes, based upon an opinion of counsel approved by the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, that Indemnitee may have separate defenses or counterclaims to assert with respect to any issue which may not be consistent with other defendants in such Proceeding, (ii) Indemnitee reasonably concludes, based upon an opinion of counsel approved by the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, that an actual or apparent conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest exists between Indemnitee and the Company, or (iii) if the Company fails to assume the defense of such Proceeding in a timely manner, Indemnitee shall be entitled to be represented by separate legal counsel of Indemnitee s choice, subject to the prior approval of the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, at the expense of the Company. In addition, if the Company fails to comply with any of its obligations under this Agreement or in the event that the 
 9 
 
 1008874322v3 
 
 Company or any other person takes any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any Proceeding to deny or to recover from Indemnitee the benefits intended to be provided to Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall have the right to retain counsel of Indemnitee s choice, subject to the prior approval of the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, at the expense of the Company (subject to Section 11(e) of this Agreement), to represent Indemnitee in connection with any such matter. 
 Section 14. Duration of Agreement . This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of: (a) the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a Manager or officer, as applicable, of the Company or (b) the date that Indemnitee is no longer subject to any Proceeding, including any appeal, then pending in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement hereunder and of any proceeding, including any appeal, commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement relating thereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her heirs, executors and administrators. The Company shall require and cause any successor, and any direct or indirect parent of any successor, whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 
 Section 15. Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. 
 Section 16. Enforcement . 
 (a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a Manager and/or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director and/or officer of the Company. 
 10 
 
 1008874322v3 
 
 (b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all other prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the LLC Agreement and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 
 Section 17. Modification and Waiver . No supplement, modification or amendment, or waiver of any provision, of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties thereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 
 Section 18. Notice by Indemnitee . Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement as provided hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise. 
 Section 19. Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by reputable overnight courier and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed or (d) sent by electronic transmission, with receipt of confirmation of delivery of electronic transmission: 
 (a) If to Indemnitee, at such address as Indemnitee shall provide to the Company. 
 (b) If to the Company to: 
 New York REIT Liquidating LLC 
 2 Liberty Square, 9 th Floor 
 Boston, MA 02109 
 Attention: John A. Garilli 
 E-mail: jgarilli@nyrt.com 
 11 
 
 1008874322v3 

With a copy to: 
 Debevoise Plimpton LLP 
 66 Hudson Boulevard 
 New York, NY 10001 
 Attention: William D. Regner, Esq. 
 E-mail: wdregner@debevoise.com 
 
 or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company. 
 Section 20. Contribution . To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee in connection with the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving rise to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transactions. 
 Section 21. Applicable Law and Consent to Jurisdiction . This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Delaware Court, and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) consent to service of process at the address set forth in Section 19 of this Agreement with the same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally within the State of Delaware, (iv) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court and (v) waive, and agree not to 
 12 
 
 1008874322v3 
 
 plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 
 Section 22. Identical Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 
 Section 23. Headings . The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 
 [Signature Page Follows] 
 
 13 
 
 1008874322v3 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written. 

NY REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 

By: __________________________________________ Name: Randolph C. Read Title: Chairman of the Board of Managers 

INDEMNITEE: 

By: __________________________________________ Name: Michael L. Ashner 

[Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement] 
 
 1008874322v3 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 ck0001474464-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF NEW YORK REIT LIQUIDATING LLC 
 Exhibit 21.1 

Name 
 Jurisdiction 

ARC NY120W5701, LLC 
 Delaware 

ARC NYWWPJV001, LLC 
 Delaware 

EOP-NYCCA, L.L.C. 
 Delaware 

New York Communications Center Associates, L.P. 
 Delaware 

NY-Worldwide Plaza, L.L.C. 
 Delaware 

WWP Amenities Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 

WWP Amenities MPH Lender, LLC 
 Delaware 

WWP Amenities MPH Partner, LLC 
 Delaware 

WWP Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 

WWP Mezz, LLC 
 Delaware 

WWP Mezz II, LLC 
 Delaware 

WWP Mezz III, LLC 
 Delaware 

WWP Office, LLC 
 Delaware 

WWP TRS LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 ck0001474464-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-226269) on Form S-4 of our report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of New York REIT Liquidating LLC. 
 /s/ KPMG 
 Stamford, CT 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 ck0001474464-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, John Garilli, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of New York REIT Liquidating LLC; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	I, the registrant s sole certifying officer am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	I, the registrant s sole certifying officer have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 31st day of March 2023 

/s/ John Garilli 

John Garilli 

Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 ck0001474464-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS 
 This Certificate is being delivered pursuant to the requirements of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 (Mail Fraud) of Title 18 (Crimes and Criminal Procedures) of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. 
 The undersigned, who is the Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer of New York REIT Liquidating LLC (the Company ), hereby certifies as follows: 
 The annual report on Form 10-K of the Company which accompanies this Certificate, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and all information contained in this Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated this 31st day of March 2023 
 /s/ John Garilli 

John Garilli 

Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 ck0001474464-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ck0001474464-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ck0001474464-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ck0001474464-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ck0001474464-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

