<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1334978_0001334978-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>98949521</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1278600</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>85165979</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5395052</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3526705</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3296742</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001334978-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227215449
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001334978-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		328
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001334978
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				880318078
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32663
		FILM NUMBER:		23678121

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4830 NORTH LOOP 1604W, SUITE 111
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78249
		BUSINESS PHONE:		210-822-2828

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4830 NORTH LOOP 1604W, SUITE 111
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78249

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001334978-23-000006.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 cco-20221231.htm
 10-K

cco-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 , OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the common stock beneficially held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based on the closing sales price of the common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 
 On February 23, 2023, there were outstanding shares of common stock (excluding 7,781,852 shares held in treasury). 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page Number PART I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 Item 2. Properties 
 31 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 33 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 53 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 102 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 102 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 104 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 104 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 105 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 105 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 105 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 106 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 106 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules 
 107 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 111 
 Signatures 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (the "Company", "we" or "us") is one of the world s largest out-of-home advertising companies and the only global out-of-home advertising company with scaled presence in the United States ("U.S.") and Europe. With more than 500,000 print and digital displays in 23 countries as of December 31, 2022, we provide customized advertising solutions via our asset portfolio of roadside billboards, urban street furniture, airport advertising displays and other displays. By leveraging the scale, reach and flexibility of our diverse portfolio of assets, we connect advertisers with millions of consumers every month. We believe we are at the forefront of driving innovation in the out-of-home advertising industry, and our dynamic advertising platform is broadening the pool of advertisers using our medium through the expansion of digital displays and the integration of data analytics and programmatic capabilities that deliver measurable campaigns that are simpler to buy. 
 Prior to May 1, 2019, we were indirectly owned by iHeartCommunications, Inc. and its parent company, iHeartMedia, Inc. iHeartMedia ). On May 1, 2019, we separated from, and ceased to be controlled by, iHeartMedia and its subsidiaries. For a full discussion of our corporate history prior to 2020, please refer to the Corporate History section in Item 1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 , filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on February 27, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CCO. 
 Our Industry 
 We believe out-of-home advertising enjoys a strong and unique position in the media mix. With over 90 of Americans on the road each week, according to data provided by Scarborough Research in 2022, out-of-home offers advertisers a cost-effective advertising medium to reach consumers along their daily journeys in ways that can drive measurable results. Out-of-home s large, creative canvases and access to distinctive features, including three-dimensional embellishments, lighting effects and more, provide advertisers an impactful way to tell brand stories. Out-of-home can also provide iconic, strategic locations, with some advertisers maintaining long-term positions to protect their access to key locations. Further, out-of-home can be planned and executed as both a hyper-local, targeted medium and as a scaled, mass-reach medium. 
 The out-of-home industry is in the midst of a technology-driven transformation, in both format and how it is sold. Modern marketers are looking to target and reach the right audiences with flexibility to change messaging quickly, measure and understand its impact, and to do so with speed, simplicity and transparency. With the growth of digital media and use of audience data, advertisers are able to effectively reach their consumers by selecting the out-of-home inventory that is most likely to be seen by their target audiences, while also being able to alter advertising messages based on environmental conditions, including time of day and weather, breaking news, changes to advertising strategies and other factors, making their advertising messaging more relevant and effective to their target audiences. 
 The out-of-home industry continues to grow as a result of increased urbanization and consumer mobility, while other traditional forms of media, such as print, television and radio, have lost ad spend market share as they face the challenge of online content migration, which has fragmented their audiences and reduced their reach. According to data published by MAGNA Global in December 2022, global out-of-home revenues are expected to grow at a 4.1 compounded annual growth rate from 2023 to 2027, while other traditional mediums are expected to shrink or remain flat. We believe that the proliferation of content and distribution models will continue to lead to the fragmentation of other media audiences, which, along with growing advertising avoidance and ad-blocking technology, may further enhance the attractiveness of out-of-home as an advertising medium. Out-of-home has also proven to be resilient, particularly in the U.S., as was evidenced by the industry s bounce-back from the adverse effects of COVID-19. 
 Out-of-home is a defensible ad medium with differentiating factors for a scaled out-of-home business that we believe provide stability to our market position. Our industry is anchored on a foundation of assets that are hard to replicate because they are highly regulated, subject to proprietary relationships with exclusivity provisions, and require deep operational expertise. The out-of-home sector in the U.S., particularly billboards, is subject to governmental regulation at the federal, state and local levels, and permits to build new inventory have been limited as a result of restrictive laws. This, along with numerous signage ordinances, can make it challenging for new entrants to build roadside out-of-home assets at scale. In U.S. airports and in international markets, barriers to entry arise due to the complexity of operating major advertising concessions in these environments. Airport, transit and street furniture advertising media are often built on exclusive contracts, and developing these out-of-home assets requires robust relationships with elected officials and regulatory authorities in a vast number of municipalities, as well as specialized expertise in operating complex municipal concessions. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Our Competition 
 The out-of-home advertising industry is fragmented and highly competitive, consisting of several other large companies such as Outfront Media, Inc. and Lamar Advertising Company in the U.S. and JCDecaux SA in Europe, as well as numerous smaller, local companies operating in a single market or a few local markets. Out-of-home advertising companies compete primarily based on the ability to reach consumers. 
 We also compete with other advertising media in our respective markets, including mobile, social media, online, broadcast and cable television, radio, print media, direct mail and other forms of advertising. According to data published by MAGNA Global in December 2022, out-of-home advertising accounts for 3 of the advertising market in the U.S. and ranges from 3 to 16 of the advertising market in the European countries in which we operate, with out-of-home s share of the advertising market varying by country based on a number of factors, including population density, regulation, sociocultural aspects and historic media buying trends. 
 Our Strategy 
 We believe the economics of out-of-home are highly attractive at scale, with the finite nature of our inventory allowing us to manage our rates when demand increases. We are focused on driving incremental demand for our out-of-home portfolio by differentiating ourselves from our competition. This, along with enhanced operational efficiencies, can provide sustainable long-term revenue growth, as well as greater Segment Adjusted EBITDA margin and operating cash flows. Our strategy to accomplish these goals is based on three pillars accelerating our digital transformation, prioritizing customer-centricity and driving executional excellence which are being implemented together with the optimization of our portfolio, as described below. 
 Accelerating our Digital Transformation 
 Technological advances continue to transform the out-of-home advertising sector. Modern marketers expect speed, simplicity and transparency, especially from digital media. To respond to these changing marketplace expectations, we are embracing technology to change the way we do business. We aim to transform into a technology-fueled, visual media leader, making out-of-home advertising as easy to plan, buy and measure as an online campaign, but with increased impact and reduced brand risk. We believe that leveraging our technology investments to innovate and modernize the solutions we offer, and to make our solutions more data-driven, easier to buy and faster to launch, will further improve out-of-home s value proposition, strengthening our ability to attract more advertisers to our platform and gain share from other media. In order to modernize the solutions we offer our customers, we have continued to invest in our digital transformation and aim to bring a digital mindset to every aspect of our business, from displays to operations. 
 Growing our Digital Footprint 
 We were an early adopter of digital display technology, a dynamic medium that enhances out-of-home s core value proposition by making it even more creative, contextually-relevant and flexible. Conversion of our most customer-demanded inventory to digital continues to be a priority for our business. In 2022, we deployed 109 large format digital billboards in the U.S. We also added 272 digital displays in U.S. and Caribbean airports and 2,299 digital displays in Europe. 
 Digital assets provide highly attractive economics, enabling us to sell more advertising opportunities and therefore optimizing yield on a per structure basis. Digitization of the asset base has been a proven driver of growth, but we believe it can also be a revenue multiplier. For example, while digital assets represented less than 5 of our U.S. billboard inventory at December 31, 2022 and 2021, they drove 36 of our total U.S. billboard revenue in 2022, up from 34 in 2021. 
 As previously described, the out-of-home advertising industry is expected to continue to grow faster than other traditional advertising mediums over the long-term, with digital out-of-home driving that growth. According to data published by MAGNA Global in December 2022, digital out-of-home revenues are expected to grow at a 10.5 compounded annual growth rate from 2023 to 2027. We seek to capture a significant share of this growth as we continue to deploy additional digital displays across our business and further invest in our teams and infrastructure to accelerate this process. 
 Enhancing our RADAR Offering 
 We continue to develop and improve Clear Channel Outdoor RADAR RADAR ), our proprietary and industry-first suite of data-driven solutions for planning, measuring and amplifying the impact of out-of-home advertising. First launched in the U.S. in 2016, RADAR utilizes anonymized and/or aggregated mobile location data insights to help brands reach desired audiences, reengage these audiences across other media platforms, and understand how exposure to an out-of-home advertisement influences consumer behavior. The insights RADAR provides enable our clients to deliver highly customized, targeted and measurable out-of-home campaigns, resulting in a more sophisticated approach to delivering messages to the right audiences in the right locations at the right time. We believe this was an especially valuable tool for our customers during the economic downturn resulting from COVID-19 as traffic patterns and consumer behaviors changed over the course of the pandemic. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 RADAR consists of several solutions, which are built to be interoperable: 
 RADARView is our audience and campaign planning tool. It analyzes historical mobile location data to rank each of our displays in terms of its efficiency in reaching various audience segments and provides a map-based interface that combines aggregated demographic data, behavioral insights and location targeting to discover and select the inventory that most efficiently delivers a customer s desired audience. 
 RADARConnect is our campaign amplification solution. It delivers ads across mobile and other devices to re-target audience groups exposed to an out-of-home advertisement, providing clients with a simple, easy-to-activate advertising solution that extends reach of their out-of-home advertising campaigns and drives further impact. 
 RADARProof is our suite of campaign measurement and attribution solutions, which uses analysis of anonymized and/or aggregated data to understand the behavior of groups of people after they have been exposed to specific campaign ads, enabling us to measure the impact of our advertisers campaigns on a variety of business objectives, including brand attributes, store visitation, app downloads, online engagement, TV viewership, specific product purchases, travel and tourism, and more. 
 RADARSync is our data integration platform. It allows us to use customer data across the RADAR tools, enabling customized application of these solutions to customers specific audience targets and goals. RADARSync also allows us to send RADAR insights to our customers data and analytics platforms in a privacy-compliant manner, giving customers visibility into how out-of-home performed in the context of their other measured media. 
 In 2020, we launched our RADARView solution in Europe. RADARView is now available in the United Kingdom (the U.K. ), Sweden, Spain, Belgium and Italy, with further European expansion in the pipeline. This offering, including the supplier selection due diligence processes and data collection methods, has been adapted from our U.S. offering and complies with European Union E.U. and U.K. data privacy laws, including the European General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations. 
 We continue to strengthen our RADAR offering through a range of partnerships that have further elevated our data analytics capabilities and ability to measure the impact of our assets on consumer reach and decision-making, which is helping to demonstrate the particular attributes of our platform and strengthen our relationships with customers. By continuing to improve audience insights and data solutions to make campaigns more relevant, we believe we can drive continued revenue growth. 
 Building on our Programmatic Presence 
 We continue to enhance the value proposition of our programmatic solution set, which uses automated technology, data and algorithms to offer a streamlined, flexible buying process and greater audience targeting and ad measurement capabilities through real-time, biddable digital marketplaces. The programmatic offering introduces efficiency to the out-of-home sales process by enabling advertisers to easily buy ads across a range of publishers, giving them the ability to manage their campaigns on a self-service basis and empowering them with a level of flexibility similar to online platforms. Demand Side Platforms DSPs help advertisers buy efficiently through preset buying parameters, which the platform uses to transact in real time, with analysis for optimization of reach, impact, pricing and outcomes. Supply Side Platforms allow publishers like us to connect their inventory to multiple DSPs at once, exposing available inventory to multiple potential buyers while also giving the publisher control over pricing. 
 Programmatic out-of-home is still an emerging channel, but we believe it, along with other automated trading platforms, will drive significant growth in the digital out-of-home sector as it has across other digital media types, enabling us to tap into demand from digital marketers who prefer to transact programmatically and work with customers who otherwise would not be buying out-of-home. In the U.S., we have been at the forefront of the programmatic out-of-home space since we pioneered the use of the private marketplace buy type in 2016, and with our differentiated inventory, dedicated sales team, robust technology infrastructure, innovative data solutions and deep industry relationships, we believe we are well-positioned to drive growth and build our leadership position in this expanding market. In 2021, we announced a branded programmatic proposition in Europe called Clear Channel LaunchPAD, which is currently live in France, the U.K., Sweden, Switzerland, Spain, Belgium, Italy, Finland and the Netherlands. With approximately 12,000 screens available as of December 31, 2022 to buy programmatically across these markets, we are one of the leading programmatic media owners in Europe. We also have a programmatic offering in Latin America. 
 Digitalizing our Operations 
 We are also investing in digital infrastructure to automate processes involved across the campaign cycle, with the purpose of significantly reducing the time involved in pursuing, winning and executing on contracts. We aim to continuously improve the customer experience across each element of our end-to-end workflow and have made significant progress in our U.S. business, as follows: 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Planning. We unified our approach to inventory management by creating a real-time view into inventory availability, purchasing history and pricing, and we introduced a team that supports our entire sales organization with a fast-response service, giving visibility into real-time demand and utilization. 
 Buying. We developed a comprehensive system for electronic order processing that captures all relevant data throughout the buying process, and we are further transforming the customer order experience with the exploration of self-service, direct buying opportunities and other direct customer interaction capabilities. 
 Activation. We continue to improve and modernize the systems, software and process infrastructure supporting campaign installations. For example, we automated the generation and delivery of creative production specification sheets, use QR codes to efficiently track and manage printed materials, and introduced technology to optimize installation routes. 
 Reporting and invoicing. We updated our proof-of-performance tools through the use of mobile devices and high quality digital cameras, providing our customers with the ability to verify, in real-time, that their campaigns have been executed. Our Proof-of-Performance reports are now published real-time through our Clear Channel Outdoor Clear Access application, which is directly integrated into our orders system, allowing for faster invoicing and payments. 
 Similarly, we continue to invest in digitalizing processes in our European business to improve customer experience, business insights and efficiency, including implementing new or improved technologies in certain of our European markets to better manage marketing, sales, orders, campaigns and operations, with plans to be scaled across our European business. 
 Prioritizing Customer-Centricity 
 We seek to further differentiate our products through sales and service and are focused on understanding the needs and desires of various existing and potential customers to make the right investments. We believe we can unlock growth and value by taking a more nuanced approach to our customer segmentation, and accordingly, adding sales channels to better serve the needs of more customer segments is one of our key strategies to access previously unavailable advertising budgets and drive incremental demand. We believe segmenting our customer base by size is an appropriate way to manage and serve customers, as follows: 
 Local and regional clients . We believe these advertisers are highly influenced by trust and long-standing relationships and rely upon our sales team s focused market knowledge and expertise, which requires high-touch, ongoing customer service. 
 Large national advertisers. We are focused on opening doors, building relationships and educating decision-makers to further tap into this market. As we navigate an increasingly complex agency model, in the U.S. we have expanded our traditional Account Executive model with an Agency Partnerships team that is charged with building relationships with the influencers and decision-makers who can impact budget allocations on the front-end. National advertisers are often looking for innovations and first-to-market opportunities, which have led to opportunities for collaboration with our Client Solutions Team, which is charged with selling directly to marketers and driving a customer needs assessment. 
 Small businesses. We believe these customers, who represent an emerging opportunity for us, are looking for simple, flexible ways to drive their business. We are in the early stages of building a new approach to better serve their needs and believe this opportunity is led by automation, data and simplification of the buying process. 
 Driving Executional Excellence 
 To respond to customers increasing desire for faster response times and results, we are focused on increasing the speed, quality and repeatability of our key business processes through measurable outcomes, which we have defined as executional excellence. We believe that this focus on executional excellence is what enables us to make progress on our other strategic pillars of digital transformation and customer-centricity. Some of our strategic initiatives underlying this pillar include: 
 Investing in growth and development opportunities for our real estate asset portfolio by managing our existing pipeline and delivering digital conversions in accordance with a plan designed to match ad capacity within growth markets; 
 Driving revenue growth opportunities through an increased focus on key account development and management, sales pipeline visibility and management, training to enhance the negotiation skills of our sales teams, and enabling sales team collaboration across channels; 
 Driving Speed to Market in our print installation operations by offering better-than-market guarantees to our customers focused on timely execution of campaign delivery (for example, managing the fulfillment process to have all creative in a campaign up within a more narrowly defined window than the typical industry standard); 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Advancing the development of a central digital operations center that provides efficiency in monitoring and managing our large-format digital displays in the U.S. with a focus on digital uptime performance designed to maximize value to our customers; and 
 Focusing on talent acquisition and our employee value proposition, which is designed to retain and reward strong performers, as further described in the Our Human Capital Resources section below. 
 Optimizing our Portfolio 
 Our Board of Directors (the Board has authorized a review of strategic alternatives for our European businesses, including the potential disposal of certain of our lower-margin European assets (and/or other European assets of lower priority to our European business as a whole), while retaining, for now, our higher-margin European assets. In December 2022, we announced that we entered into an agreement to sell our business in Switzerland to Goldbach Group AG, an affiliate of TX Group AG. Closing is subject to customary closing conditions. 
 Our reviews of our European businesses remain ongoing. However, there can be no assurance that these reviews will result in any additional transactions or particular outcomes. We have not set a timetable for completion of these reviews, may suspend the processes at any time and do not intend to make further announcements regarding the processes for our European businesses unless and until our Board approves a specific course of action for which further disclosure is appropriate. 
 Our Business Segments 
 Historically, we had two reportable business segments: Americas, which consisted of operations primarily in the U.S., and Europe, which consisted of operations in Europe and Singapore. Our remaining operating segment of Latin America did not meet the quantitative threshold to qualify as a reportable segment and was disclosed as Other. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we revised our segments to reflect changes in the way our business is managed and the way we allocate resources. Effective December 31, 2022, we have four reportable business segments: America, which consists of our U.S. operations excluding airports; Airports, which includes revenue from U.S. and Caribbean airports; Europe-North, which consists of operations in the U.K., the Nordics and several other countries throughout northern and central Europe; and Europe-South, which consists of operations in France, Switzerland, Spain and Italy. Our remaining operations in Latin America and Singapore are disclosed as Other. America, Airports, Europe-North, Europe-South and Other represented 45 , 10 , 23 , 19 and 3 , respectively, of our 2022 revenue. 
 America and Airports 
 Overview 
 We are one of the largest out-of-home advertising companies in the U.S., with presence in 40 of the 50 largest Designated Market Areas DMAs ), including each of the top 20 markets as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our America segment inventory footprint of more than 57,500 displays as of December 31, 2022 is concentrated primarily in larger markets, with the majority of our revenue generated from large-format billboards that are generally located along major expressways, primary commuting routes and main intersections. Our footprint is protected by certain barriers to entry for traditional large-format roadside advertising, as well as our operational expertise and the strong working relationships required with landlords and local governments. Our America segment generated 45 , 45 and 46 of our revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Our Airports segment had approximately 12,300 displays across nearly 200 commercial and private airports in the U.S. and the Caribbean as of December 31, 2022, making us the largest airport advertising specialist in the U.S. Our airport advertising contracts generally include exclusivity provisions, with the Company having an exclusive right to sell advertising space within a specific airport. Our Airports segment generated 10 , 7 and 7 of our revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Sources of Revenue 
 America 
 Revenue from our America segment was 1,105.6 million, 1,013.3 million and 853.2 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following table shows the percentage of total America revenue by product category in each of these years: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Billboards: Bulletins 73 74 75 Posters 12 12 13 Spectaculars/wallscapes 6 5 4 Street furniture displays 4 4 3 Other 6 5 6 Total 100 100 100 
 Note: Due to rounding, totals may not equal the sum of the items in the table above. 
 Digital displays accounted for 34 , 33 and 29 of our America revenue during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This percentage has increased over time as we have continued to invest in digital displays, which is a key part of our strategy. 
 Billboards. Our America billboard inventory is available in both printed and digital formats and includes the following sub-categories: 
 Bulletins, which are most commonly 14 feet high by 48 feet wide, are the largest and among the most impactful standard-sized out-of-home media formats. They are generally located along major expressways, primary commuting routes and main intersections that are highly visible and heavily trafficked. Our customers may contract for individual bulletins or a network of bulletins, meaning their advertisements are rotated within the network to increase the reach of the campaign. The duration of our customer contracts for traditional bulletin displays are typically 12 weeks or longer. 
 Posters, which can vary in size but are commonly approximately 11 feet high by 23 feet wide, are often used as a full market coverage medium for reach and frequency, while junior posters, which are approximately 5 feet high by 11 feet wide, are often used for their proximity to retail outlets where they can stimulate sales. Posters are generally located in commercial areas on primary and secondary routes near point-of-purchase locations, and advertising space on these displays is generally purchased in four-week periods. Premiere Panels, which use one or more poster panels but with vinyl advertising stretched over the panels similar to bulletins, are innovative hybrids between bulletins and posters that we developed to provide our customers with an alternative for their targeted marketing campaigns, combining the creative impact of bulletins with the additional reach and frequency of posters. 
 Spectaculars are large, elaborate, customized display structures that are designed to gain maximum attention with eye-catching special effects, such as video, multi-dimensional lettering and figures, mechanical devices, moving parts and other embellishments. Customer contracts for these displays, which are located in New York City's Times Square and Las Vegas, typically have terms of at least one year. A wallscape is a display that drapes over, or is suspended from, the sides of buildings or other structures. Custom-designed for long-term exposure, wallscapes often become landmarks in a city. The majority of our wallscapes are located in Los Angeles and New York City s Times Square, and advertising space on these displays is generally purchased for extended periods. 
 Street Furniture Displays. Our America street furniture displays, which are available in both printed and digital formats, include advertising surfaces on bus shelters, information kiosks, newsracks and other public structures and are primarily located in major metropolitan areas and along major commuting routes. We are generally responsible for the construction and maintenance of these structures, and we often sell advertising on these displays as part of a network package that includes multiple displays. Advertising space on street furniture displays is generally purchased in four-week periods. 
 Other. In the majority of our markets, our local creative and operations staff can perform the full range of activities required to create and/or install advertising copy, including creating the advertising copy design and layout, coordinating its printing and installing the copy on displays. The remainder of the revenue from our America segment consists largely of fees related to these activities, including vinyl or poster orders, production, embellishments and installation services. Other revenue also includes revenue from transit displays, which are advertising surfaces within the common areas of rail stations and on various types of vehicles, including on the interior and exterior sides of buses, trains and trams, as well as other non-advertising revenue. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a market-by-market view of America printed, digital and total revenue from our top 15 U.S. markets during 2022: 
 Market Printed Revenue Digital Revenue Total Revenue Los Angeles 17 7 14 San Francisco/Bay Area 8 8 8 New York 6 11 7 Dallas 6 7 6 Miami 5 5 5 Houston 6 2 5 Atlanta 3 7 4 Philadelphia 5 3 4 Washington, D.C./Baltimore 4 5 4 Chicago 4 3 4 Boston 4 4 4 Orlando 3 5 4 Minneapolis 3 5 4 Las Vegas 2 5 3 Tampa 2 4 3 All other markets 24 19 22 Total America (1) 
 100 100 100 
 (1) Due to rounding, the total may not equal the sum of the percentages in the table above. 
 The following table quantifies the number of displays in our America segment as of December 31, 2022, disaggregated by our top 15 U.S. markets and product type: 
 Market Printed Billboard Displays Other Printed Displays Digital Billboard Displays Other Digital Displays Total Displays Percentage of Total Displays (1) 
 Los Angeles 3,938 3,727 82 7,747 13 San Francisco/Bay Area 1,133 4,377 40 294 5,844 10 New York 787 5 60 852 1 Dallas 2,426 153 2,579 4 Miami 1,323 443 83 1,849 3 Houston 2,115 40 2,155 4 Atlanta 1,721 199 1,920 3 Philadelphia 2,605 1,144 60 3,809 7 Washington, D.C./Baltimore 1,680 1,546 38 146 3,410 6 Chicago 2,978 6,304 79 19 9,380 16 Boston 1,304 95 65 2 1,466 3 Orlando 1,237 86 1,323 2 Minneapolis 1,135 5 74 4 1,218 2 Las Vegas 763 83 846 1 Tampa 930 91 1,021 2 All other markets 8,845 2,748 440 90 12,123 21 Total America 34,920 20,394 1,673 555 57,542 100 
 (1) Due to rounding, the total may not equal the sum of the percentages in the table above. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Airports 
 Our Airports segment provides advertising opportunities around and within U.S. and Caribbean airports. Airport advertising displays, which allow advertisers to target travelers with their message at key touchpoints throughout the passenger journey, are available in printed, digital and experiential formats and include a variety of solutions, including custom exhibits and interactive displays. The duration of our customer contracts generally range from four weeks to one year, although some are longer. 
 Revenue from our Airports segment was 256.4 million, 160.3 million and 123.8 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, with digital displays accounting for 57 , 54 and 45 of this revenue during each of these years. Airports revenue was most significantly impacted by lockdowns and mobility restrictions resulting from COVID-19 but returned to 2019 (pre-COVID-19) levels in the fourth quarter of 2021, driven by the rebound in travel as well as our continued investments in our Airports segment. As of December 31, 2022, our Airports segment had approximately 12,300 displays, including more than 2,500 digital displays. 
 Rates 
 Our advertising rates are based on a number of different factors, including location, competition, size of display, board occupancy, illumination, market and gross rating points (the total number of impressions delivered by a display or group of displays, expressed as a percentage of market population). The number of impressions delivered by a display is measured by independent organizations that provide audience measurement for the out-of-home industry in the U.S. using a range of dynamic data sources, including anonymous location and trip data from hundreds of millions of smartphones, to understand the number of people passing a display during a defined period of time, along with insights into their demographic characteristics. The margins on our billboard contracts tend to be higher than those on contracts for other displays due to their greater size, impact and location along major roadways that are highly trafficked. 
 Operations 
 We generally outsource the fabrication and manufacturing of advertising structures to third parties and regularly seek competitive bids. We use a number of vetted suppliers located throughout the U.S. with the objective of enhancing competition, meeting demand requirements and minimizing time and cost of logistics, and we use a mix of internal and external resources for product installation. For digital displays, we use a number of vetted domestic suppliers for LED and LCD products. Any digital display product not manufactured domestically is purchased through a number of domestic distributors. 
 Printed advertising copy, which is oftentimes supplied by the advertiser or a third party, is primarily printed with computer-generated graphics on a single sheet of vinyl or polyethylene material. These prints are then transported to the display site and secured to the display surface, either by being wrapped around the face of the site or affixed to a hardware anchoring system on the display site. Digital displays are linked through centralized computer systems to simultaneously and rapidly change advertising copy on a large number of displays as needed. Our operational process also includes conducting visual inspections of our inventory for display defects and taking necessary corrective action within a reasonable period of time. 
 America 
 The majority of the advertising structures on which our billboards are located require various permits, which are granted for the right to build, maintain and operate an advertising structure as long as the structure is used in compliance with state and local laws and regulations. Permits are typically granted by the state and/or local government and are typically transferable or renewable for a minimal fee or no fee. We typically own the physical structures on which our customers advertising copy is displayed. We manage the construction of our structures centrally and erect them on sites we either lease or own or for which we have acquired permanent easements or executed long-term management agreements. The site lease terms generally range from 1 to 20 years, with options to renew in many cases. We believe that our properties are in good condition and suitable for our operations. No one property is material to our overall operations. 
 We are also generally responsible for the construction and maintenance of street furniture structures. Our rights to place these structures in the public domain and to sell advertising on such structures are governed by contracts awarded by municipal and transit authorities in competitive bidding processes governed by local law. These contracts generally have terms ranging from 5 to 15 years and may contain renewal options. As compensation for the right to sell advertising space on these structures, we pay the municipality or transit authority a minimum fee and/or a share of the advertising revenue we earn on the related displays, depending upon the terms of the contract. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Airports 
 Our rights to place displays around and within airports and to sell advertising space on such displays are generally awarded by public transit authorities in competitive bidding processes or may be negotiated with private transit operators. These contracts generally have terms ranging from 5 to 10 years and may contain renewal options. As compensation for the right to sell advertising space on these displays, we pay the transit authority or operator a minimum fee or a share of the advertising revenue we earn on the displays, depending upon the terms of the contract. 
 Europe-North and Europe-South 
 Overview 
 We operate in many countries throughout Europe and have consistently ranked as a top out-of-home provider in these countries. Europe out-of-home advertising is an urban medium: our portfolio is focused on densely populated metropolitan areas, and street furniture displays are our largest source of advertising revenue. Located at the heart of cities and close to the point-of-sale, street furniture displays have a location advantage, which advertisers leverage to drive foot traffic to their retail locations and influence purchasing decisions. The majority of our customers are advertisers targeting national or regional audiences whose business generally is placed with us through media or advertising agencies. 
 Our Europe-North segment includes 12 countries the U.K., Sweden, Norway, Belgium, Finland, the Netherlands, Ireland, Poland, Denmark, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania and had approximately 260,000 displays as of December 31, 2022, including approximately 13,700 digital displays. This segment generated 23 , 23 and 22 of our revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Our Europe-South segment consists of operations in France, Switzerland, Spain and Italy and had approximately 170,000 displays as of December 31, 2022, including approximately 5,900 digital displays. This segment generated 19 , 21 and 21 of our revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Sources of Revenue 
 Europe-North 
 Revenue from our Europe-North segment was 566.1 million, 518.0 million and 406.8 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following table shows the percentage of total Europe-North revenue by product category in each of these years: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Street furniture displays 50 53 52 Billboards 11 11 11 Retail displays 18 17 16 Transit displays 14 9 11 Other 7 10 10 Total 100 100 100 Note: Due to rounding, totals may not equal the sum of the items in the table above. 
 Digital displays accounted for 53 , 48 and 44 of our Europe-North revenue during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Europe-South 
 Revenue from our Europe-South segment was 467.1 million, 472.4 million and 385.3 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following table shows the percentage of total Europe-South revenue by product category in each of these years: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Street furniture displays 52 49 44 Billboards 22 24 28 Retail displays 13 13 13 Transit displays 7 6 6 Other 7 8 9 Total 100 100 100 Note: Due to rounding, totals may not equal the sum of the items in the table above. 
 Digital displays accounted for 23 , 20 and 17 of our Europe-South revenue during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Product Descriptions 
 Street Furniture Displays. Our Europe street furniture displays, which are available in both printed and digital formats, include advertising surfaces on bus shelters, freestanding units, various types of kiosks, telephone boxes and other public structures. Our printed street furniture is sold to customers as either network packages of multiple street furniture displays or by individual unit, with contract terms generally ranging from one to two weeks. 
 Billboards. Our Europe billboards vary in size across our networks, with the majority being similar in size to the posters used in our America segment. Our Europe billboard inventory is primarily comprised of classic and premium billboards and is available in both printed and digital formats. They are primarily sold to clients as network packages with contract terms typically ranging from one to two weeks, although terms of up to one year are also available in certain circumstances. 
 Classic billboards are available in a variety of formats across our Europe markets and generally are located in commercial areas on primary and secondary routes near point-of-purchase locations, facilitating advertising campaigns with greater breadth of demographic targeting than those displayed on premium billboards. 
 Premium billboards, which are typically larger in format, generally are located along major expressways and motorways, primary commuting routes and main intersections that are highly visible and heavily trafficked, as well as iconic city center locations. Our customers may contract for individual billboards or a network of billboards. Because of their greater size, impact and flexibility, we typically receive our highest rates for digital premium billboards. 
 Retail Displays. Our Europe retail displays, which are available in both printed and digital formats, are mainly standalone advertising structures in retail outlets such as malls and supermarkets. The terms of our customer contracts for these displays generally range from one to two weeks. 
 Transit Displays. Our Europe transit displays, which are available in both printed and digital formats, consist of advertising surfaces on various types of vehicles or within transit systems, including on the interior and exterior sides of buses, trains, trams and within the common areas of rail stations and airports. The terms of our customer contracts for these displays generally range from one week to one year, although some are longer. 
 Other. The remaining revenue from our Europe segments consists primarily of advertising revenue from other small displays, production revenue and non-advertising revenue from the following sources: 
 Sales of street furniture equipment and cleaning and maintenance services. In several of our European markets, we sell equipment or provide cleaning and maintenance services as part of street furniture contracts with municipalities. 
 Operation of public bike programs. We also have public bicycle rental programs that provide bicycles for rent to the general public in several municipalities. In exchange for operating these bike rental programs, we generally derive revenue from advertising rights to the bikes, bike stations, additional street furniture displays and/or a share of rental income from the local municipalities. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Rates 
 Advertising rates generally are based on the gross ratings points (the total number of impressions delivered by a display or group of displays, expressed as a percentage of market population). In some of the countries where we have operations, the number of impressions delivered by a display is weighted to account for such factors as illumination, proximity to other displays, and the speed and viewing angle of approaching traffic. 
 Operations 
 We generally outsource the design and manufacturing of advertising structures to third parties and regularly seek competitive bids. We use a wide range of suppliers located in many of our markets, although much of our inventory is manufactured in China and the U.K. For digital displays, specialist suppliers are used to supply the LCD or LED technology, and there may be additional factors, such as electrical supply and network connectivity, involved during design and construction. We believe that our properties are in good condition and suitable for our operations. No one property is material to our overall operations. 
 Media or advertising agencies often provide our customers creative services to design and produce advertising copy, which is delivered to us either in digital format or in the traditional format of physical printed advertisements. Digital advertisements are received by our content management system and then distributed to our digital displays, which are linked through centralized computer systems to simultaneously and rapidly change messages throughout the course of a day. Paper and vinyl printed advertisements are shipped to centralized warehouses operated by us or third parties. The copy is then sorted and delivered to sites where it is installed on our displays by our own employees or subcontractors who also clean and maintain the sites. The decision to use our own employees or subcontractors is made on a market-by-market basis taking into consideration the mix of products in the market and local labor costs. 
 We generally build our portfolios of advertising locations by entering into medium to long-term contracts with landlords such as municipalities, private individuals and shopping malls. Upfront investment and ongoing maintenance costs vary across contracts. 
 Our rights to place street furniture in the public domain and to sell advertising on such street furniture are governed by contracts awarded by municipal and transit authorities, which typically provide for terms ranging up to 15 years. Municipal contracts typically require us to provide the municipality with a broad range of metropolitan amenities such as bus shelters with or without advertising panels, information kiosks, public wastebaskets and space for the municipality to display maps or other public information. In exchange for providing such metropolitan amenities and display space, we are authorized to sell advertising space on certain sections of the structures we erect in the public domain. We pay the municipality or transit authority a fee or revenue share that is either a fixed amount or a percentage of the revenue derived from the displays and are typically required to pay minimum guaranteed amounts. 
 We lease the majority of our billboard sites from private landowners, typically for terms ranging up to 15 years. 
 Our rights to place displays in retail locations and to sell advertising space on them generally are awarded by retail outlet operators such as large retailers or mall operators, either through private tenders or bilateral negotiations. These contracts generally have terms ranging from three to ten years. 
 Similar to street furniture, our rights to place transit displays on vehicles or within transit systems and to sell advertising space on them generally are awarded by public transit authorities in competitive bidding processes or are negotiated with private transit operators. These contracts generally have terms ranging from two to five years. 
 Other 
 We also have operations in Latin America, including in Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Peru, and in Singapore. Most of our revenue from these operations is generated from the sale of advertising space on billboard, street furniture and retail displays, and as of December 31, 2022, this portfolio included approximately 7,600 displays, including more than 1,000 digital displays. Our Latin America and Singapore businesses generated 3 , 3 and 3 of our revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 On April 28, 2020, following a strategic review of our investment in China, we sold our 50.91 stake in Clear Media Limited Clear Media ), a company based in China whose ordinary shares were, at the time, listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Our stake in Clear Media generated 2 of our revenue in 2020. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonality, COVID-19 and Macroeconomic Trends 
 We typically experience our weakest financial performance in the first quarter of the calendar year, which is generally offset during the remainder of the year as our business typically experiences its strongest performance in the second and fourth quarters of the calendar year. However, our seasonal results in 2020 and 2021 varied from historical trends as COVID-19 had a significant adverse impact on our results of operations during 2020 and the first quarter of 2021. As restrictions eased and vaccine programs were rolled out, we saw increases in mobility and corresponding positive trends in revenue, with consolidated revenue returning to growth in the second quarter of 2021 as compared to the prior year. However, we did not experience a return to our pre-COVID-19 historical seasonal levels of revenue until the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented various savings initiatives to increase our liquidity and preserve and strengthen our financial flexibility, including negotiating rent abatements with landlords and municipalities, receiving governmental support and subsidies, executing restructuring plans to reduce headcount and related costs, and reducing or deferring capital expenditures. As our operating performance improved, we reduced or ceased many of these temporary operating cost savings initiatives and increased our investment in our business through additional capital expenditures and asset acquisitions. By remaining focused on our strategic plan during the period in which we were adversely affected by COVID-19, we strengthened our presence in the advertising community, and as our markets re-opened, we saw consistent improvements in revenue. We believe this rebound, together with new advertisers discovering our medium, will continue to drive growth in many of our markets in 2023 ahead of pre-COVID-19 revenue levels, demonstrating the resilience of our business. 
 Advertising revenue for our business is highly correlated to changes in gross domestic product GDP as advertising spending has historically trended in line with GDP, both domestically and internationally. Additionally, our international results are impacted by the economic conditions in the foreign markets in which we operate and by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In early 2022, worldwide inflation began to increase. In response to heightened levels of inflation, central banks, including the U.S. Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank, increased interest rates, resulting in an increase in our weighted average cost of debt. Additionally, during 2022, the U.S. dollar strengthened against the Euro and British pound sterling, among other European currencies, resulting in an adverse impact on reported results in our Europe segments. The U.S. dollar may continue to strengthen against these foreign currencies if the U.S. Federal Reserve further raises the federal funds rate, which may result in downstream impacts to global exchange rates and further adverse impacts to our reported results in our Europe segments. Inflation has affected our performance as a result of higher costs for employees, electricity, materials and equipment; however, we believe we have partially offset these higher costs by increasing the effective advertising rates for most of our products, and to date, we have not suffered material impacts from the heightened levels of global inflation. The market risks that our business is subject to are further described in Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We re continuing to monitor developments impacting the global economy. Out-of-home growth has been fairly resilient over time, and as of early 2023, we have not seen signs of a slowdown in our business. However, as we demonstrated during COVID-19, we believe we have the levers to manage our costs should that need arise, and we remain committed to ensuring we have ample liquidity on our balance sheet. 
 Regulation of our Business 
 Regulations have a significant impact on the out-of-home advertising industry and our business. We are subject to a wide variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate, including: 
 land use laws and zoning restrictions; 
 environmental, health and safety laws and regulations applicable to an owner or operator of real estate properties and facilities, and which relate to the use, storage, disposal, emission and release of hazardous and non-hazardous substances; 
 laws and regulations related to consumer protection, information security, data protection, privacy and unauthorized access to, or acquisition of, personally identifiable information PII 
 laws and regulations that seek to impose taxes on revenue from out-of-home advertising and on personal property and leasehold interests in advertising locations; and 
 laws and regulations related to labor and employment, human rights, anti-bribery and competition matters. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, compliance with regulations applicable to us did not have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position, and at this time, we do not expect to incur material capital expenditures related to compliance with regulations during 2023. Additional information about the impact of government regulations on our business is provided below and in Item 1A , Risk Factors Regulatory Risks of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Industry Regulation 
 In the U.S., the Highway Beautification Act HBA regulates out-of-home advertising on Federal-Aid Primary, Interstate and National Highway Systems roads within the U.S. The HBA regulates, among other matters, the size and placement of billboards and requires the development of state standards and compliance programs for the effective control of billboards. We are not aware of any state that has passed control statutes and regulations less restrictive than the prevailing federal requirements. All states have passed billboard control statutes and regulations that regulate, among other things, construction, repair, maintenance, lighting, height, size, spacing, placement and permitting of out-of-home advertising structures. Local governments generally include billboard control as part of their zoning laws and building codes. Each of the international countries in which we operate has its own regulatory regime or, in some cases, more than one regulatory regime. These regulations generally limit the size, placement, nature, density and content of out-of-home displays. In addition, many of these regulations set specific guidelines for the development of new out-of-home locations and address the construction, repair, maintenance, lighting, upgrading, height, size, spacing, location and permitting of billboards, as well as the use of new technologies for changing displays, such as digital displays. Some existing regulations in the U.S. and across some international jurisdictions restrict or prohibit digital billboards. 
 Privacy and Data Protection 
 We obtain certain types of information from users of our technology platforms, including our websites, web pages, interactive features, social media pages and mobile applications. We also obtain anonymous and/or aggregated audience behavior insights about consumers from vetted third-party data providers. We use and share this information for a variety of business purposes and may coordinate out-of-home client campaigns with online advertising campaigns run by our business partners, including interstitial ads and push notifications. In addition, we collect PII from our employees, advertising clients, users of our public bike services, individuals who provide such information through our websites, our business partners and consumers who interact with our digital panels, including through QR codes and beacon technology. Collecting and processing PII subjects us to a number of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to consumer protection, information security, data protection, privacy and risks of unauthorized access to, or acquisition of, PII. U.S. and international information security and data protection laws require companies to implement specific information security controls and legal protections for certain types of PII. Likewise, every state in the U.S. and most other countries have laws in place requiring companies to notify users if there is a security breach that compromises certain categories of their PII. Several states have enacted legislation protecting privacy rights. Internationally, there are a number of regimes across the jurisdictions where we operate that govern privacy and the collection and use of personal data. We have implemented a legal and information security-led approach to address our compliance obligations in line with our legal obligations and risk profile. We are also in the process of adapting our data transfer mechanisms in accordance with significant E.U. privacy case law. 
 Our Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had more than 4,700 employees, including approximately 1,600 employees in the U.S. and more than 2,600 employees in Europe, with the remainder in Latin America and Asia. We believe that attracting, motivating and retaining great people who allow us to continue delivering innovative advertising insights and solutions to our customers while enhancing our communities is a critical component of our continued success and position as an industry leader. 
 We continually focus on talent acquisition, employee development and employee retention. We have an annual talent identification process and development programs in place to ensure we have sufficient succession planning strategies for critical roles, and we have a robust annual goal-setting and performance management process to ensure all employees have a connection and purpose aligned to our overall company goals. We strive to create strong teams and an inclusive and vibrant culture at every level of our organization through our core values of integrity, innovation, excellence, safety and fairness, as well as our focus on the employee value proposition, which focuses on compensation, benefits, work environment, career development and culture. 
 We believe people can achieve their full potential when they enjoy their work, so it is our priority to provide a workplace where growth, success and fun go hand in hand. We formally survey our employees on a periodic and ongoing basis to measure engagement and identify areas for improvement. In 2021, we launched employee engagement/fairness surveys in the U.S. and Europe and received response rates of over 85 , with our overall engagement scores up from previous years. In 2022, we conducted another employee engagement survey in the U.S. Our response rate was 83 and overall engagement was up four points from last year, a significant and positive result. Leaders have communicated results, and action planning to sustain and improve engagement is underway. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation and Benefits Programs 
 Our compensation and benefits programs are designed to attract, retain and motivate talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, help us achieve our strategic goals and create long-term value for our stockholders. We provide employees with market-competitive compensation packages that include base salary and annual incentive bonuses tied to Company and division financial, operational and strategic objectives and individual performance targets, in line with our pay-for-performance philosophy. Recognition is provided through quarterly newsletters and an annual formal recognition program. Our sales employees are incentivized through sales commission programs, with our highest performing individuals further awarded through formal recognition programs. Our executives and certain other employees receive long-term equity awards that vest based on our relative total shareholder return or over a defined period. We believe that a compensation program with both short-term and long-term awards provides fair and competitive compensation and aligns employee and stockholder interests. 
 We also provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of affordable and convenient healthcare and insurance benefits, programs to help ensure financial security, enhanced wellness initiatives, retirement savings plans and various other benefits, including paid parental leave, time off to volunteer in our communities, and voluntary benefits such as long-term care insurance, discounted auto and home insurance, and several others. 
 Advancing Diversity and Inclusion 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a work environment that is free of discrimination and harassment. We respect and embrace diversity of background, thought and experience and believe that a diverse workforce produces more innovative insights and solutions, resulting in better products and services for our customers. As we bring brands face-to-face with people, we believe our teams need to be as diverse in their composition and outlook as the audiences we reach every day, and we work together to create an inclusive environment where everyone can bring their true selves to work. Based on the latest data collected, as of August 2022, approximately 41 of our total employee population in the U.S. was female and approximately 36 identified as people of color. As of the same date, approximately 36 of our total employee population in Europe and Latin America was female. 
 We have an ongoing priority to enhance the diversity of our workforce and have implemented diversity and inclusion strategies to amplify our outreach to diverse talent pools across our global business. To further promote a diverse and inclusive environment, we have dedicated Diversity and Inclusion committees in all of our divisions that run engagement programs aimed at improving the experience of diverse groups across our Company. We have also deployed a training curriculum for employees designed to raise diversity and inclusion awareness and surveyed employees globally to identify and prioritize company-wide initiatives. 
 In the last few years, we led several key diversity and inclusion initiatives, including deepening our involvement with our communities by using our digital out-of-home displays to amplify diversity celebrations and building a sense of inclusion across the workplace through Employee Resource Groups with the mission of providing a safe, welcoming and supportive environment to empower employees to fearlessly address their unique needs and perspectives. 
 Commitment to Safety and Wellness 
 Safety is one of our core values, and we are committed to providing our employees with a safe workplace and prioritizing the physical and mental health and well-being of our employees. One of the ways in which we do this is by offering several programs across our regions, including our Mental Health Allies program, an internal network of trained employees who can provide support about mental health in the workplace, and an Employee Assistance Program, which gives employees access to licensed professional counselors and other specialists at no cost for help with balancing work and life issues. 
 We also seek to comply with safety regulations in our local markets. Our health and safety management systems are subject to regular inspections and independent audits performed by trained health and safety auditors. In connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to monitor the regulations and local health authority guidance related to COVID-19 and update our robust safety policies and protocols as needed to protect our employees based on evolving local conditions. 
 Career Development Initiatives 
 This year, we formalized our U.S. Mentorship Program. Mentor and mentee matches are based on professional and personal interests, and both parties receive coaching and training through a carefully crafted process. Surveys are administered throughout the relationship to recognize achievements and provide guidance to participants. 
 In Europe, we have our Bright Sparks program, which is a talent program designed for our promising future leaders and experts. It enables participants to develop their skills and career through experience-driven workshops, mentoring and coaching sessions, allowing them to reflect on their purpose and career path while also learning about the business. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Community Involvement 
 One of our guiding principles is making a difference in the communities we serve, and our corporate social responsibility initiatives are an important part of our culture. As a company, we endeavor to use our resources and products to make meaningful contributions to our communities and have collaborated with local and national organizations globally in initiatives to improve health and public safety; to create a sustainable environment; and to promote arts, education and cultural diversity. We also believe that building connections between our employees, their families and our communities creates a more meaningful, fulfilling and enjoyable workplace, and we provide employees the opportunity to give back to their communities. For example, our U.S. employees provided their communities with over 3,400 hours of service in 2022 through our Local Spirit Day of Service program, which offers employees a day of paid volunteer time each year to engage with our local communities. We also have similar community-assistance programs for employees in our European markets. 
 Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We are deeply committed to promoting a culture of ethical conduct and compliance. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code ), which applies to all employees, officers and members of the Board, reinforces our core values and helps drive our workplace culture of compliance with ethical standards, integrity and accountability. Training on the Code is mandatory upon employment and is provided on an annual basis. Highlights from our Code and its underlying policies, standards and guidance include an independent hotline and no-retaliation policy for anyone who, acting in good faith, notifies us of a possible violation of the Code, our policies or the law; a commitment to human rights and labor protections in all of our operations, and the expectation that our business partners uphold the same standards; cybersecurity and privacy controls; sanctions and money laundering controls; and anti-corruption policies that prohibit offering, attempting to offer, authorizing or promising any bribe or kickback for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or an unfair advantage. 
 Climate Change and Sustainability 
 We are spearheading projects and initiatives that aim to drive sustainability and reduce our environmental impact. We have announced a commitment to be Carbon Net Zero before 2050 across our divisions, in alignment with the 2016 Paris Agreement. In 2022, we published our global Environmental Policy and established an environmental program framework based on the ISO 14001 standard, which focuses on continual improvement and the evaluation of environmental risks and impacts of our products and processes. In addition, as we continue our digital transformation, we have continued to focus on the efficiency of our technologies (including, but not limited to, converting a large portion of our illuminated displays to LED lighting, using light sensors and dimming technology that control brightness and exploring alternative energy sources) and on developing innovative products and services with a reduced environmental footprint. Our sustainability efforts are underpinned by our various industry commitments, including to Ad Net Zero, the UN Global Compact and the Carbon Disclosure Project. 
 Available Information 
 You can find more information about us at our Internet website located at clearchanneloutdoor.com. The contents of our website are not deemed to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other filings with the SEC. 
 Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge through our Investor Relations website at investor.clearchannel.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Our SEC filings are also available to the public at the SEC's website at sec.gov. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following information with respect to our executive officers is presented as of February 28, 2023: 
 Name Age Title Scott R. Wells 54 President, Chief Executive Officer Brian D. Coleman 57 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Lynn A. Feldman 54 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Jason A. Dilger 49 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Justin Cochrane 50 Chief Executive Officer of Clear Channel UK Europe 
 Scott R. Wells was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2022. Prior to that time, Mr. Wells served as the Chief Executive Officer of Clear Channel Outdoor Americas, a position he was appointed to on March 3, 2015. Previously, he had served as an Operating Partner at Bain Capital beginning in January 2011, and prior to that, he served as an Executive Vice President at Bain Capital beginning in 2007. Prior to joining Bain Capital, he held several executive roles at Dell, Inc. from 2004 to 2007, most recently as Vice President of Public Marketing and On-Line in the Americas. Prior to joining Dell, Inc., Mr. Wells was a Partner at Bain Company, where he focused primarily on technology and consumer-oriented companies. He currently serves as Chair of the Achievement Network and is Chair-elect of the Outdoor Advertising Association of America. He has an MBA, with distinction, from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a B.S./B.A. from Virginia Tech University. 
 Brian D. Coleman was appointed as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer on May 1, 2019. Prior to that time, Mr. Coleman served as the Senior Vice President and Treasurer for iHeartMedia and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings and was appointed to those positions in December 1998. Previously, Mr. Coleman served as a Project Manager in the Corporate Finance department at Central and South West Corporation, a multi-state utility holding company, from 1995 to 1998. Prior to that role, Mr. Coleman held various financial positions at Bank of America, Sumitomo Banking Corporation and National Australia Bank. Mr. Coleman received a BBA in Finance from the University of Texas at Austin. 
 Lynn A. Feldman was appointed as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary on May 1, 2019, and effective November 1, 2022, her title was changed to Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary. Prior to May 1, 2019, Ms. Feldman served as the Executive Vice President and General Counsel for Clear Channel Outdoor Americas and was appointed to that position in July 2016. Previously, Ms. Feldman served as the Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Wyndham Hotel Group, a division of Wyndham Worldwide Corporation, from 2009 to 2015. Prior to that role, Ms. Feldman served as the Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Wyndham Worldwide Corporation. Prior to that role, Ms. Feldman served in various corporate roles within Cendant Corporation and as a Corporate Associate at Lowenstein Sandler LLP. Ms. Feldman received a J.D. from the Georgetown University Law Center and a B.A. from Boston College. 
 Jason A. Dilger was appointed as our Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer on May 1, 2019. Prior to that time, Mr. Dilger had served as Senior Vice President, Accounting for Clear Channel Outdoor Americas beginning in August 2011. Prior to that role, Mr. Dilger served as Corporate Controller of Sinclair Broadcast Group from 2006 to 2011. Prior to that role, Mr. Dilger served in various accounting and finance roles at Municipal Mortgage Equity from 2004 to 2006. Mr. Dilger began his career in public accounting with nearly a decade of experience at Arthur Andersen LLP and Ernst Young LLP. Mr. Dilger earned his B.S. in Accounting from the University of Delaware. 
 Justin Cochrane was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer of Clear Channel U.K. Europe on January 1, 2023. Mr. Cochrane joined Clear Channel in November 2001. After various finance and operational roles in both of Clear Channel s U.K. and International Corporate divisions, including Group Controller of Clear Channel International and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Clear Channel U.K., Mr. Cochrane became Chief Executive Officer of Clear Channel U.K. in 2015. Subsequently, in 2019, Mr. Cochrane became Chief Executive Officer of both Clear Channel U.K. and Clear Channel s European markets. Prior to joining Clear Channel in November 2001, Mr. Cochrane had trained as a Chartered Accountant, working in both public accounting and banking for five years. Mr. Cochrane currently serves as the Chairman of Outsmart, the U.K. s Out-of-Home industry trade body, and sits on the board of the Committee of Advertising Practice in the U.K. Mr. Cochrane received a Master s Degree in Engineering from the University of Oxford. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 A wide range of factors could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and/or the value of our common stock and outstanding debt securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following risks and uncertainties: 
 Economic Risks and Current Events 
 Our results have been in the past, and could in the future be, adversely affected by continued economic uncertainty, an economic slowdown or a recession. 
 Periods of a slowing economy or recession, or periods of economic uncertainty, have historically been accompanied by a decrease in advertising and have negatively impacted our business. The current macroeconomic environment is characterized by significant inflation, supply chain challenges, labor shortages, high interest rates, foreign currency exchange volatility, volatility in global capital markets and growing risk of recession. In response to heightened levels of inflation in 2022, central banks, including the U.S. Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank, increased interest rates, resulting in an increase in our weighted average cost of debt. Additionally, the U.S. dollar has strengthened against the Euro and British pound sterling, among other European currencies, resulting in an adverse impact on reported results in our Europe segments in 2022. In addition, the U.S. dollar may continue to strengthen against these foreign currencies in 2023 as the U.S. Federal Reserve further raises the federal funds rate, which could result in downstream impacts to global exchange rates and further adverse impacts to our reported results in our Europe segments. In 2022, inflation affected our performance as a result of higher costs for employees, electricity, materials and equipment. To date, we believe we have partially offset these higher costs and have not suffered material impacts from the heightened levels of global inflation. However, if economic conditions worsen, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to continue to mitigate the effects of those conditions on our business. During the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, we were required to take various measures to increase our liquidity and preserve and strengthen our financial flexibility, including implementing restructuring plans to reduce headcount and related costs throughout our business. As our operating performance has improved, we have ceased those temporary operating cost savings initiatives. Nevertheless, if economic conditions worsen or if a recession occurs, we may be required to take similar or more strict measures than those we took during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. Those measures, including restructurings and cost savings, could adversely affect our business, operations, liquidity and financial results. 
 Furthermore, because a significant portion of our revenue is derived from local advertisers, our ability to generate revenues in specific markets is directly affected by local and regional conditions. Unfavorable regional or local economic or political conditions, such as those resulting from Russia s invasion of Ukraine, as well as increased social and political turmoil and unrest in some Latin American countries, also may adversely impact our results. A severe or prolonged economic downturn, including a recession or depression, could impact our business, including our revenues and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on favorable terms or at all. We cannot anticipate the impact of the current economic environment on our business, and any of the foregoing could materially harm our business. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic severely affected, and may continue to affect, our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics or epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic, the evolution of which continues to be uncertain. COVID-19 had a significant adverse impact on our results of operations in 2020 and 2021, and we did not experience a return to our pre-COVID-19 historical seasonal levels of revenue until the fourth quarter of 2021. As described above, at the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, we were required to take various measures to increase our liquidity and preserve and strengthen our financial flexibility. Recurring COVID-19 outbreaks around the world, such as those most recently occurring in China following the suspension of China s zero-COVID policy, have heightened concerns relating to new and potentially more dangerous COVID-19 variants, which, if transmitted around the globe, could lead to the reintroduction of precautionary measures similar to, or more strict than, those imposed at the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. A resurgence of COVID-19 or another health pandemic or epidemic may adversely affect the out-of-home advertising industry, our revenues and our liquidity position. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, its ultimate impact on our business is subject to change. A severe outbreak of COVID-19 or another health pandemic or epidemic can disrupt our business and adversely materially impact our financial results. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity, Financing and Capital Structure Risks 
 We require a significant amount of cash to service our debt obligations and to fund our operations and capital expenditures, which depends on many factors beyond our control, including the recent volatility and uncertainty in capital markets. 
 Our ability to service our debt obligations requires a significant amount of cash. During 2022, we spent 341.4 million of cash to pay interest on our debt, and we anticipate having approximately 413.0 million of cash interest payment obligations in 2023. Our significant principal and interest payment obligations reduce our financial flexibility, make us more vulnerable to changes in operating performance and economic downturns or recessions, could reduce our liquidity over time and could negatively affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 Our other cash requirements are for working capital used to fund site lease costs, including payments for land or space used by our displays, for capital expenditures primarily related to construction and sustaining activities for our out-of-home advertising displays and, as our financial results have improved, to fund asset acquisitions. We primarily finance these requirements with cash on hand, internally-generated cash flow from operations and, if necessary, borrowings under our credit facilities. Our long-term future cash requirements will depend on many factors, including the growth of our business, investments in digital conversions and new technologies, such as RADAR and our programmatic solution set, and the pursuit and outcome of strategic transactions, including the outcome of the strategic reviews of our Europe businesses. Our ability to meet these cash requirements through cash from operations depends on our future operating results and financial performance, which are subject to significant uncertainty and may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions, as well as macroeconomic events such as heightened inflation and higher interest rates. Availability of our credit facilities for working capital and other needs is limited by certain covenants under our existing indebtedness, and if we are unable to generate sufficient cash through our operations, we could face substantial liquidity problems, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, our ability to meet our obligations and the value of our company. 
 The purchase price of possible asset acquisitions, capital expenditures for deployment of digital billboards and other strategic initiatives could require additional indebtedness or equity financing from banks or other lenders, or through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity, strategic relationships or other arrangements, or from a combination of these sources. Additional indebtedness could increase our leverage and make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and may limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures. The terms of our existing or future debt or equity agreements may restrict us from securing financing on terms that are acceptable to us. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that financing alternatives will be available to us in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us in the future due to market conditions, our financial condition, our liquidity constraints or other factors, many of which are beyond our control, and even if financing alternatives are available to us, we may not find them suitable or at reasonable interest rates, especially given that current capital markets conditions have increased the cost of capital. The inability to obtain additional financing in such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and on our ability to meet our obligations or pursue strategic initiatives. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our substantial indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 5.6 billion of total indebtedness outstanding, including approximately 1.9 billion of term loans under the Term Loan Facility, which amortizes in equal quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount of 20.0 million, with the balance being payable in August 2026; 1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.125 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (the CCOH Senior Secured Notes 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 7.75 Senior Notes due 2028 (the CCOH 7.75 Senior Notes 1.05 billion aggregate principal amount of 7.5 Senior Notes due 2029 (the CCOH 7.5 Senior Notes 375.0 million aggregate principal amount of CCIBV 6.625 Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the CCIBV Senior Secured Notes and approximately 36.8 million of other debt. Our substantial level of indebtedness and other financial obligations increase the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. 
 This substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations could have negative consequences for us, including, without limitation: 
 Requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing cash available for other purposes, including to fund operations and capital expenditures, invest in new technology, such as RADAR and our programmatic solution set, and pursue other business opportunities; 
 Limiting our liquidity and operational flexibility and limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; 
 Limiting our ability to adjust to changing economic, business and competitive conditions; 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Requiring us to defer planned capital expenditures, reduce discretionary spending, sell assets, restructure existing indebtedness or defer acquisitions or other strategic opportunities, including our ability to enter into new agreements that will require capital expenditures; 
 Limiting our ability to refinance any of the indebtedness or increasing the cost of any such refinancing; 
 Making us more vulnerable to any increase in interest rates, a downturn in our operating performance, a decline in general economic or industry conditions, or a disruption in the credit markets; and 
 Making us more susceptible to negative changes in credit ratings, which could impact our ability to obtain financing in the future and increase the cost of such financing. 
 If compliance with debt obligations materially hinders our ability to operate our business and adapt to changing industry conditions, we may lose market share, our revenue may decline, and our operating results may suffer. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, economic and other factors beyond our control. 
 We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, and if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or operations, seek additional capital or refinance our indebtedness. Additionally, we may not be able to take any of these actions, or these actions may not be successful or permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Furthermore, these actions may not be permitted under the terms of our existing or future debt agreements. 
 Our ability to refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates, increasing our debt service obligations, and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. Additionally, we may not be able to refinance our debt at all, or we may not be successful in utilizing debt refinancings to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Furthermore, the terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from pursuing this alternative. 
 Any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. If we cannot make scheduled payments on our indebtedness, we will be in default under one or more of the agreements governing our indebtedness, and as a result, we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 Operational Risks 
 Implementing our strategy may be more difficult, costly and/or time consuming than expected, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits thereof fully or at all. 
 We are focused on driving incremental demand for out-of-home advertising and on increasing our operational efficiencies. Our strategy is based on three pillars accelerating our digital transformation, prioritizing customer-centricity and driving executional excellence which are being implemented together with the optimization of our portfolio. The success of our strategy and the realization of the anticipated benefits thereof, depends, in part, on our ability to execute and demonstrate the value-added capabilities of our digital display platform to our customers; to grow our digital footprint; to enhance our technology offerings; to adopt digital infrastructure to automate processes; to add sales channels to serve our clients; and to increase the speed, quality and repeatability of our key business processes. 
 Demonstrating the capabilities of our digital display platform and growing our digital footprint depend, in part, on our ability to deliver and install digital displays in a timely manner, including delivery and installation within complex transit infrastructures, including airports. If we fail to satisfy our contractual obligations to our customers and if any such failures cannot be resolved, and/or if the digital display platform and/or the digital advertising displays that we provide to our customers do not meet their expectations or are found to be defective, or if we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits of these products due to reduced market demand for these products or digital advertising generally, including as a result of economic slowdown, our business operations and financial results will suffer. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We continue to develop and improve our technological offerings, including RADAR, our proprietary and industry-first suite of data-driven solutions for planning, measuring and amplifying the impact of out-of-home advertising, as well as our programmatic solution set, which uses automated technology, data and algorithms to offer a streamlined, flexible buying process, audience targeting and ad measurement capabilities through real-time, biddable digital marketplaces. Such offerings require the successful creation, enhancement, use and adoption of innovative technology that includes hardware, software, connectivity, automation and digital solutions. As a result, we make significant investments in research and development, connectivity solutions, data security and employee training. These investments may not result in improvements to RADAR, our programmatic solutions or other technology we may create or adopt in the future and may not provide the desired results for our clients. If we are not able to deliver our solutions with differentiated features and functionality, our clients may not value or adopt these solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, the market for programmatic ad buying is an emerging market, and our current and potential clients may not shift quickly enough to programmatic buying from other buying methods, reducing our growth potential. If the market for programmatic ad buying develops more slowly than we expect, it could reduce demand for our programmatic solution set, which could delay the realization of certain of the benefits of our strategy. 
 Furthermore, implementing our digital transformation requires significant costs and time, and we may not be able to recover the costs from our customers or otherwise. Any costs currently anticipated may significantly increase if we incur cost overruns due to technical difficulties; the increased costs of data, digital displays, materials and labor; suspensions or delays in installation and/or construction caused by us, our subcontractors, or due to external events beyond anyone s control or otherwise; insurance, bonding and litigation expenses; the inability to recruit and maintain qualified personnel; and the inability to comply with evolving government regulations relating to the internet, mobile, privacy, marketing and advertising aspects of our business, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to obtain and renew contracts with municipalities, transit authorities and private landlords, which we may not be able to obtain on favorable terms. 
 Our airport, transit and street furniture products require us to develop and maintain robust relationships with elected officials and regulatory authorities in a vast number of municipalities. Many of these contracts, which require us to participate in competitive bidding processes at each renewal, typically have terms ranging up to 15 years and have revenue-share requirements, capital expenditure requirements and/or fixed payment components. Competitive bidding processes are complex and sometimes lengthy, and substantial costs may be incurred in connection with preparing bids. Our competitors, individually or through relationships with third parties, may be able to provide municipalities with different or greater capabilities, prices or benefits than we can provide. In the past we have not been, and most likely in the future we will not be, awarded all of the contracts on which we bid. The success of our business also depends generally on our ability to obtain and renew contracts with private landlords. There can be no assurance that we will win any particular bid, be able to renew existing contracts (on the same or better terms, or at all) or be able to replace any revenues lost upon expiration or completion of a contract. Our inability to renew existing contracts may also result in significant expenses from the removal of our displays. Furthermore, if and when we do obtain a contract, we are generally required to incur significant start-up expenses. The costs of bidding on contracts and the start-up costs associated with new contracts we may obtain may significantly reduce our cash flow and liquidity. 
 This competitive bidding process presents a number of risks, including the following: 
 We may expend substantial cost and managerial time and effort to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that we may not win; 
 We may be unable to comply, or it may require substantial cost to comply, with various regulatory requirements related to environmental, social and governance ESG standards that are required to win certain contracts with municipalities and transit authorities, particularly within the U.K. and the E.U.; 
 We may be unable to estimate accurately the revenue derived from, and the resources and cost structure that will be required to service, any contract we win or anticipate changes in the operating environment on which our financial proposal was based; and 
 We may encounter expenses and delays if our competitors challenge awards of contracts to us in competitive bidding, and any such challenge could result in the resubmission of bids on modified specifications or in the termination, reduction or modification of the awarded contract. 
 Our inability to successfully negotiate, renew or complete these contracts due to third-party or governmental demands and delay, and the highly competitive bidding processes for these contracts, could affect our ability to offer these products to our clients, or to offer them to our clients at rates that are competitive to other forms of advertising, without adversely affecting our financial results. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We face intense competition in the out-of-home advertising business. 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry, and we may not be able to maintain or increase our current advertising revenues. We compete for advertising revenue with other out-of-home advertising businesses, as well as with other media, such as mobile, social media, online, broadcast and cable television, radio, print media and direct mail, within their respective markets. Market shares are subject to change for various reasons, including through consolidation of our competitors through processes such as mergers and acquisitions, which could have the effect of reducing our revenue in a specific market. Our competitors may develop technology, services or advertising media that are equal or superior to those we provide or that achieve greater market acceptance and brand recognition than we achieve. It also is possible that new competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share in any of our business segments, subject to applicable regulations. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than we do, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve competitive position. 
 Moreover, the advertiser/agency ecosystem is diverse and dynamic, with advertiser/agency relationships subject to change. This could have an adverse effect on us if an advertiser client shifts its relationship to an agency with whom we do not have as good a relationship. An increased level of competition for advertising dollars may lead to lower advertising rates as we attempt to retain customers or may cause us to lose customers to our competitors who offer lower rates that we are unable or unwilling to match. 
 Technology Risks 
 Regulations and consumer concerns regarding privacy and data protection, or any failure to comply with these regulations, could hinder our operations. 
 We obtain certain types of information from users of our technology platforms, including, without limitation, our websites, web pages, interactive features, social media pages, mobile applications and programmatic offerings. We also obtain anonymous and/or aggregated audience behavior insights about consumers from vetted third-party data providers. In addition, we collect PII from our employees, users of our public bike services, our business partners and consumers who interact with the marketing content on our digital panels, including through data partner collection from cellular devices, scanning QR codes and beacon technology. We use and share this information from and about consumers, business partners and advertisers for a variety of business purposes. Collecting and processing PII subjects us to certain privacy and data security laws and regulations, as well as risks of unauthorized access to, or acquisition of, PII by us or third parties. 
 We are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to consumer protection, information security, data protection and privacy, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, the E.U. and U.K. GDPRs, the E.U. Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulation, the U.K. Data Protection Act, the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act and the Brazilian General Data Protection Law, among others. Many of these laws and regulations are still evolving and could be interpreted or enforced by the courts or regulators in ways that could affect our ability to provide audience behavioral insights or monitor our business processes or otherwise harm our business. In the U.S., Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah have also enacted privacy laws, each of which will become effective at different times in 2023. Privacy laws have also been introduced in all other states. Additionally, new regulatory approaches to privacy in public spaces by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and other regulators, which may affect the operation of our RADAR products, are being developed. Any efforts required to comply with these laws and others that may be enacted may entail substantial expenses, may divert resources from other initiatives and projects and could limit the services we are able to offer. In addition, changes in consumer expectations and demands regarding privacy and data protection could restrict our ability to collect, use, disclose and derive economic value from demographic and other information related to our consumers, business partners and advertisers. Such restrictions could limit our ability to offer tailored advertising opportunities to our business partners and advertisers, and privacy activist interpretation of our activities could damage our reputation. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our policies or applicable legal and regulatory requirements related to consumer protection, information security, data protection and privacy could result in a loss of confidence in us; damage to our brands; the loss of users of our services, consumers, business partners and advertisers; and proceedings against us by governmental authorities or others, including regulatory fines and private litigation, any of which could hinder our operations and adversely affect our business. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 If our security measures are breached, we could lose valuable information, suffer disruptions to our business, and incur expenses and liabilities, including damages to our relationships with customers and business partners. 
 Although we have implemented physical and electronic security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of our websites, digital assets, proprietary business information and any PII that we collect and share with others, no security measures are perfect and impenetrable, and we and outside parties we interact with may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access. Moreover, our systems, servers and platforms may be vulnerable to computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions that our security measures may not detect, which could cause interruptions or slowdowns of our digital display systems, delays in communication or loss of data and slowdown or unavailability of our client-facing or internal platforms. A cyber incident may be due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance or a combination of these or other actions. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions, including by computer hackers, nation-state affiliated actors and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased as well. We have been, and expect to continue to be, the target of fraudulent calls, emails and other forms of fraudulent activities and have experienced security breaches; however, to date, they have not had a material impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, our digital display systems and other business assets could suffer disruption, and we could lose competitively sensitive business information or lose control of our information processes or internal controls. In addition, the public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or services could be harmed, and we could lose customers, consumers and business partners. In the event of a security breach, we could suffer financial exposure in connection with demands from perpetrators, penalties, remediation efforts, investigations and legal proceedings and changes in our security and system protection measures. Additionally, cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world, and every state in the U.S. and most other countries have laws in place requiring companies to notify users if there is a security breach that compromises certain categories of their PII. In addition, in the U.S., the SEC has proposed rules for mandatory disclosure of cybersecurity incidents suffered by public companies, as well as cybersecurity governance and risk management. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with these laws may subject us to significant regulatory fines and private litigation, any of which could harm our business. 
 Regulatory Risks 
 Government regulation of out-of-home advertising may restrict our out-of-home advertising operations. 
 U.S. federal, state and local regulations have a significant impact on the out-of-home advertising industry and our business. One of the seminal laws is the HBA, which regulates out-of-home advertising on controlled roads in the U.S. The HBA regulates the size and placement of billboards, requires the development of state standards, mandates state compliance programs, promotes the expeditious removal of illegal signs and requires just compensation for takings on controlled roads. Construction, repair, maintenance, upgrade, lighting, height, size, spacing, placement and permitting of billboards are also regulated by federal, state and local governments, and from time to time, states and municipalities have prohibited or significantly limited the construction of new out-of-home advertising structures. Due to such regulations, it has become increasingly difficult to develop new out-of-home advertising locations. 
 International regulation of the out-of-home advertising industry varies by municipality, region and country, but generally limits the size, placement, nature and density of out-of-home displays. Other regulations limit the subject matter, animation and language of out-of-home displays. Our failure or perceived failure to comply with these or any future regulations, including those that may regulate the energy consumption affiliated with the operation of advertising structures, could have an adverse impact on the effectiveness of our displays or their attractiveness to clients as an advertising medium. As a result, we may experience a significant impact on our operations, revenue, international client base and overall financial condition. 
 We intend to continue to expand the global deployment of digital billboards, which display digital advertising copy from various advertisers that changes up to several times per minute. We have encountered regulations that restrict or prohibit digital displays. Additionally, since digital billboards have been developed and introduced relatively recently into the market on a large scale, existing regulations that currently do not apply to them by their terms could be revised or further interpreted, or new regulations could be enacted, to impose greater restrictions on digital billboards due to alleged concerns over aesthetics or driver safety. Any new restrictions on digital billboards could have a material adverse effect on both our existing inventory of digital billboards and our plans to expand our digital deployment. In addition, although permits in our America segment are typically subject to annual renewals by the state and/or local government and are typically transferable or renewable for a minimal or no fee, if the structure is modified (for example, converted from printed media to digital media), the state and/or local government may require a revised, additional or new permit for the modification. In the majority of these cases, we can surrender the existing permit concurrently with the approval of the requested modification. However, there is no guarantee that we will be granted a new or revised permit for an asset that we desire to modify. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, certain state and local governments and third parties have attempted to force the removal of our displays under various state and local laws, including zoning ordinances, permit enforcement and condemnation. Similar risks also arise in certain of our international jurisdictions. 
 There is a U.S. federal and state requirement that an owner remove any non-grandfathered, non-compliant signs along all controlled roads at the owner s expense and without compensation, and in some instances, we have had to remove billboards as a result of such reviews. 
 Certain zoning ordinances provide for amortization, which is the required removal of legal non-conforming billboards (billboards that conformed with applicable laws and regulations when built, but which do not conform to current laws and regulations) or the commercial advertising placed on such billboards after a period of years. Pursuant to this concept, the governmental body asserts that just compensation is earned by continued operation of the billboard over that period of time. Although amortization is prohibited along all controlled roads, amortization has been upheld along non-controlled roads in limited instances where permitted by state and local law. 
 In the past, state governments have purchased and removed existing lawful billboards for beautification purposes using federal funding for transportation enhancement programs, and these jurisdictions may continue to do so in the future. 
 Additionally, from time to time third parties or local governments assert that we own or operate displays that either are not properly permitted or otherwise are not in strict compliance with applicable law. If we are increasingly unable to resolve such allegations or obtain acceptable arrangements in circumstances in which our displays are subject to removal, modification or amortization, or if there is an increase in such regulations or their enforcement, our operating results could suffer. 
 A number of state and local governments have implemented or initiated taxes, fees and registration requirements in an effort to decrease or restrict the number of outdoor signs and/or to raise revenue. From time to time, legislation also has been introduced in international jurisdictions attempting to impose taxes on revenue from out-of-home advertising for the right to use out-of-home advertising assets or for the privilege of engaging in the out-of-home advertising business. Several jurisdictions have imposed such taxes as a percentage of our out-of-home advertising revenue generated in that jurisdiction or based on the size of the billboard and type of display technology. In addition, some jurisdictions have taxed our personal property and leasehold interests in advertising locations using various valuation methodologies. We expect U.S. and foreign jurisdictions to continue to attempt to impose such taxes as a way of increasing revenue. The increased imposition of these measures, and our inability to overcome any such measures, could adversely affect our operating income if we are unable to pass on the cost of these items to our customers or absorb them into our current operations as a cost of doing business. 
 Changes in laws and regulations affecting out-of-home advertising, or changes in their interpretation, could have a significant financial impact on us by requiring us to make significant expenditures to ensure compliance therewith or otherwise limiting or restricting some of our operations. 
 Restrictions on out-of-home advertising of certain products may restrict the categories of clients that can advertise using our products. 
 Regulations governing categories of products that can be advertised through our advertising assets and platforms vary across the countries in which we conduct business. Certain products and services, such as tobacco, are banned from outdoor advertising in the U.S., and other products, such as alcohol, may be targeted in the future. Most E.U. countries, among other nations, also have banned outdoor advertisements for tobacco products and regulate alcohol advertising. In the U.K., there are localized restrictions on the location of advertising for High Fat, Salt and Sugar foods. Any significant reduction in advertising of products due to content-related restrictions could cause a reduction in our direct revenues from such advertisements and an increase in available space on the existing inventory of billboards in the out-of-home advertising industry. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental, health, safety and land use laws and regulations, as well as various actual and proposed ESG policies and regulations, may limit or restrict some of our operations. 
 As the owner or operator of various real estate properties and facilities, we must comply with various foreign, federal, state and local environmental, health, safety and land use laws and regulations, including those relating to the use, storage, disposal, emission and release of hazardous and non-hazardous substances; employee health and safety; and zoning restrictions. In addition, increased scrutiny related to ESG, and actual and proposed ESG policies and regulations, including proposed new or enhanced requirements regarding the standardization of mandatory climate-, human capital- and diversity-related disclosures for investors in the E.U., the U.K. and the U.S., will subject us to new regulatory and compliance costs. Historically, we have not incurred significant expenditures to comply with environmental or ESG laws, policies and regulations. However, given the increase in the number and complexity of these policies and regulations, we expect our costs of compliance to increase. In addition, we have announced our commitment to achieving Carbon Net Zero before 2050 across our divisions and have established an environmental program framework. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in reaching our stated goals, that activists and others will not challenge our progress towards those goals, that our environmental framework will operate adequately or, if we are successful, that the cost will not be material. Further, additional laws, policies and regulations that may be passed in the future, or a finding of a violation of or liability under existing laws, could require us to make significant expenditures and otherwise limit or restrict some of our operations. 
 Strategic Risks 
 We are engaged in strategic review processes of our European businesses. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying or completing strategic alternatives, that any such transactions will result in additional value for our shareholders or that the processes will not have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Our Board has authorized a review of strategic alternatives for our European businesses, including the potential disposal of certain of our lower-margin European assets (and/or other European assets of lower priority to our European business as a whole), while retaining, for now, our higher-margin European assets. The process of exploring strategic alternatives has required, and may continue to require, significant resources and expenses. In addition, speculation and uncertainty regarding the strategic review processes may cause or result in disruption of our business; distraction of our employees; difficulty in recruiting, hiring, motivating and retaining talented and skilled personnel, especially in Europe; difficulty in maintaining or negotiating and consummating new business or strategic relationships or transactions, especially in Europe; and increased stock price volatility. If we are unable to mitigate these or other potential risks related to the uncertainty caused by the strategic review processes, they could adversely affect our business or adversely impact our net sales, operating results and financial condition. 
 In addition, even though we have announced the entry into a definitive agreement to sell our business in Switzerland, we may not be able to complete such transaction and/or identify and/or complete any additional transaction(s). Any additional potential transaction(s) will not be conditioned on each other and will depend upon a number of factors, including, but not limited to, market conditions, industry trends, the interest of third parties in our European businesses and the availability of financing to potential buyers. We cannot assure you that any potential transaction(s) or other strategic alternative(s), if identified, evaluated and completed, will provide greater value to our shareholders than that reflected in the current price of our common stock. 
 As the Board continues its ongoing review, our Board may determine that our most effective strategy is to continue to operate all of our remaining European businesses. The Company has not set a timetable for completion of the reviews, may suspend the processes at any time and does not intend to make further announcements regarding the processes unless and until the Board approves a course of action for which further disclosure is appropriate. 
 Future dispositions, acquisitions and other strategic transactions could pose risks. 
 We frequently evaluate strategic opportunities both within and outside our existing lines of business. We expect from time to time to pursue strategic dispositions of certain businesses, such as the recently announced sale of our business in Switzerland, as well as acquisitions. We may also pursue other strategic transactions, including recapitalization or other corporate restructurings, including, for example, a real estate investment trust REIT conversion in the future. These dispositions, acquisitions or other strategic transactions could be material. Such transactions involve numerous risks, including: 
 Our dispositions may negatively impact revenues from our national, regional and other sales networks or make it difficult to generate cash flows from operations sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements, including our debt service requirements; 
 Our acquisitions may prove unprofitable and fail to generate anticipated cash flows, and we may enter into markets and geographic areas where we have limited or no experience; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 To successfully manage our large portfolio of out-of-home advertising and other businesses, we may need to recruit additional senior management as we cannot be assured that senior management of acquired businesses will continue to work for us, and we cannot be certain that our recruiting efforts will succeed; 
 We may need to expand corporate infrastructure to facilitate the integration of our operations with those of acquired businesses as failure to do so may cause us to lose the benefits of any expansion that we decide to undertake by leading to disruptions in our ongoing businesses or by distracting our management, and we may encounter difficulties in the integration of operations and systems; and 
 Our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns. 
 Dispositions and acquisitions of out-of-home advertising businesses may require antitrust review by U.S. federal antitrust agencies and may require review by foreign antitrust agencies under the antitrust laws of foreign jurisdictions. For example, the recently announced sale of our business in Switzerland requires review by the Swiss Competition Commission. We can give no assurances that the U.S. Department of Justice, the Federal Trade Commission or foreign antitrust agencies, including the Swiss Competition Commission, will not seek to bar us from disposing of or acquiring out-of-home advertising businesses or impose stringent undertakings on our business as a condition to the completion of an acquisition in any market where we already have a significant position. 
 Litigation and Liability Risks 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation against us could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Third parties have asserted, and may in the future assert, that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights. As we face increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us will grow. Any lawsuits regarding intellectual property rights, regardless of their success, could be expensive to resolve and would divert the time and attention of our management and technical personnel. An adverse outcome of a dispute may damage our reputation, force us to adjust our business practices, require us to pay significant damages and/or take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 As a result of intellectual property infringement claims, or to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be required to seek licenses from third parties. These licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, with the potential for our competitors to gain access to the same intellectual property. In addition, the scope of the licenses granted to us may not include rights covering all of the products, services and technologies provided by us. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Claims that our suppliers infringe on the intellectual property rights of others could cause disruptions in our supply chain. 
 Our suppliers have received, and in the future may receive, claims that they have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. Any such claim, with or without merit, could result in disruptions to our supply chain. If our suppliers are not successful in defending allegations of infringement, they could be required to redesign their product offerings and could be prevented from manufacturing the products supplied to us in a timely or cost-effective manner, if at all. A reduction or interruption in our suppliers production, an increase in our supply purchasing costs derived from reduced competition or otherwise or an inability to secure alternative sources of supply on substantially the terms and conditions currently available to us could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In connection with our separation from iHeartMedia in 2019, iHeartMedia agreed to indemnify us, and we agreed to indemnify iHeartMedia, for certain liabilities. There can be no assurance that the indemnities from iHeartMedia will be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities. 
 Pursuant to agreements that we entered into with iHeartMedia in connection with our separation, iHeartMedia agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, including certain tax matters, and we agreed to indemnify iHeartMedia and its subsidiaries for certain liabilities, including certain tax matters. For example, we will indemnify iHeartMedia and its subsidiaries for liabilities arising from or accruing prior to the closing date of the separation to the extent such liabilities related our business, assets and liabilities, as well as liabilities relating to a breach of the Settlement and Separation Agreement governing the terms of the separation. However, third parties might seek to hold us responsible for liabilities that iHeartMedia agreed to retain, and there can be no assurance that iHeartMedia will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations under these agreements. In addition, indemnities that we may be required to provide to iHeartMedia and its subsidiaries could be significant and could adversely affect our business. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 International Business Risks 
 Doing business in foreign countries exposes us to certain risks not expected to occur when doing business in the U.S. 
 Doing business in foreign countries carries with it certain risks that are not found when doing business in the U.S. These risks could result in losses against which we are not insured. Examples of these risks include the potential instability of foreign governments, potential adverse changes in the diplomatic relations of foreign countries with the U.S., changes in laws or regulations or the interpretation or application of laws or regulations, new or increased tariffs or unfavorable changes in trade policy, government policies against businesses owned by foreigners, risks of renegotiation or modification of existing agreements with governmental authorities, difficulties collecting receivables and otherwise enforcing contracts with governmental agencies and others in some foreign legal systems, investment restrictions or requirements, expropriations of property without adequate compensation, withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries, changes in tax structure and level and the adverse effect of foreign exchange controls. 
 Our international operations involve contracts with, and regulation by, foreign governments. We operate in many parts of the world that experience corruption to some degree. Although we have policies and procedures in place that are designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance (including with respect to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act), our employees, subcontractors and agents could take actions that violate applicable anti-corruption laws or regulations. Two former employees of Clear Media, a former indirect, non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company that was sold in April 2020, have been convicted in China of certain crimes, including the crime of misappropriation of Clear Media funds, and sentenced to imprisonment. For a description of this matter, please refer to Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements located in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and reputation. 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange risks because a large portion of our revenue and cash flows is received in foreign currencies and translated to U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. 
 We generate a large portion of our revenue in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Additionally, a large portion of our cash flows are generated in foreign currencies and translated to U.S. dollars for reporting purposes, and certain of the indebtedness held by our international subsidiaries is denominated in U.S. dollars. Therefore, exchange rate fluctuations in any currency from a country in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our profitability, and significant changes in the value of such foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to meet interest and principal payments on our indebtedness. In 2022, as a result of heightened inflation and monetary policy, the U.S. dollar strengthened against the Euro and British pound sterling, among other European currencies, resulting in an adverse impact on our reported results in our Europe segments in 2022. In addition, the U.S. dollar may continue to strengthen against these foreign currencies in 2023 as the U.S. Federal Reserve further raises the federal funds rate, which could result in downstream impacts to global exchange rates and further adverse impacts to our reported results in our Europe segments. Given the volatility of exchange rates, there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage our currency transaction and/or translation risks. We expect to experience economic losses and gains and negative and positive impacts on our operating income as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 Our stock price has been highly volatile and may decline regardless of our operating performance . 
 The market price for our common stock has been highly volatile. You may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid for them due to fluctuations in the market price of our common stock, which may be caused by a number of factors, many of which we cannot control, including those previously described and the following: our quarterly or annual earnings reports or those of other companies in our industry; investors perceptions of our prospects; investors disagreements with our strategy or capital allocation; changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our common stock, our failure to meet these estimates or failure of those analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our common stock; downgrades by any securities analysts who follow our common stock; market conditions or trends in our industry or the economy as a whole (including the current macroeconomic environment) and, in particular, the advertising industry; changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; announcements by us of significant strategic transactions (such as the reviews of our European businesses), contracts, acquisitions, joint ventures or capital commitments; changes in key personnel; and future sales of our common stock by our officers, directors and significant stockholders. 
 In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected, and continue to affect, the market prices of equity securities of many companies. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation or launched activist campaigns following periods of market volatility. If we were involved in securities litigation or an activist campaign, we could incur substantial costs, and our resources and the attention of management could be diverted from our business. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our common stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price may decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 Future sales of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could lower our stock price, and any additional capital raised by us through the sale of our common stock or other equity-linked instruments or the issuance of equity awards by us may dilute your ownership percentage. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market by our stockholders, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional shares. 
 Any additional capital raised by us through the sale of our common stock or other equity-linked instruments may also dilute your ownership and influence in us, as a result of governance rights and other rights that may be given to the holders of such instruments. In addition, holders of equity-linked securities could have rights, preferences and privileges that are not held by, and could be preferential to, the rights of holders of our holders of common stock In the future, we may also issue our common stock in connection with acquisitions or investments. We cannot predict the size of any such future issuances, but the amount of shares of our common stock issued in connection with an acquisition or investment could constitute a material portion of the then-outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE could result in the delisting our common stock, which would have an adverse impact on the trading, liquidity and market price of our common stock. 
 If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of the NYSE, such as the minimum bid price requirement, the NYSE may take steps to delist our common stock. In 2020, as a result of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the price of our common stock fell below 1.00 over a period of 30 consecutive trading days, and as such, we failed to comply with related NYSE continued listing standards. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the lowest closing price of our common stock on the NYSE was 0.96 per share and the highest closing price was 1.72 per share. We cannot assure you that the price of our common stock will continue to remain in compliance with the required listing standard or that we will remain in compliance with any of the other applicable continued listing standards of the NYSE. Any future failure to remain in compliance with the NYSE s continued listing standards, and any subsequent failure to timely resume compliance with the NYSE s continued listing standards within the applicable cure period, could have adverse consequences, including, among others, reducing the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our common stock, reducing the liquidity and market price of our common stock, adverse publicity and a reduced interest in us from investors, analysts and other market participants. In addition, a suspension or delisting could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the public markets and our ability to attract and retain employees by means of equity compensation. 
 We currently do not pay regularly-scheduled dividends on our common stock. 
 We do not pay regularly-scheduled dividends on our common stock, and should we seek to do so in the future, we are subject to restrictions on our ability to pay dividends by the instruments governing our outstanding debt. Because we do not pay dividends on our common stock, the price of our common stock must appreciate in order for common stockholders to realize a gain on their investments. This appreciation may not occur. 
 Our certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, subject to certain exceptions, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, subject to certain exceptions, is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporate Law, our certificate of incorporation or our By-laws; or (iv) any other action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Covenants in our debt indentures and credit agreements restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies. 
 Our material financing agreements contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. These agreements include covenants restricting, among other things, our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to: 
 Incur or guarantee additional debt or issue certain preferred stock; 
 Pay dividends, redeem or purchase capital stock or make other restricted payments; 
 Redeem, repurchase or retire our subordinated debt; 
 Make certain investments; 
 Create liens on our assets or on our restricted subsidiaries assets to secure debt; 
 Create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our restricted subsidiaries that are not guarantors of the notes; 
 Enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 Merge or consolidate with another company, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; 
 Sell certain assets, including capital stock of our subsidiaries; 
 Alter the business that we conduct; and 
 Designate our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 These restrictions could affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to react to market conditions or take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. For example, these restrictions could adversely affect our ability to finance our operations, make strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances, restructure our organization or finance our capital needs. In addition, under our Revolving Credit Facility, as amended, we are required to comply with a first lien net leverage ratio covenant if the balance of the Revolving Credit Facility is greater than 0 and undrawn letters of credit exceed 10 million at that time. Our ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control. These include prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. If we breach any of these covenants or restrictions, we could be in default under the agreements governing our indebtedness, and as a result, we could be forced into bankruptcy. 
 Despite current indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur more debt, and this could exacerbate the risks associated with our leverage. 
 As of December 31, 2022, remaining availability under our credit facilities was 214.6 million. Although our debt indentures and credit agreements contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and we and our subsidiaries could incur additional indebtedness in the future. For example, if permitted by the documents governing their indebtedness, our subsidiaries that are not guarantors may be able to incur more indebtedness under the indenture than our subsidiaries that are guarantors. Moreover, our debt indentures and credit agreements do not impose any limitation on our incurrence of liabilities that are not considered indebtedness and do not impose any limitation on liabilities incurred by our immaterial subsidiaries or our subsidiaries that might be designated as unrestricted subsidiaries. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we had no unrestricted subsidiaries. If we incur additional debt above current levels, the risks associated with our substantial leverage would increase. 
 Downgrades in our credit ratings may adversely affect our borrowing costs, limit our financing options, reduce our flexibility under future financings and adversely affect our liquidity or business operations. 
 Our corporate credit ratings are speculative-grade. Our corporate credit ratings and ratings outlook are subject to review by rating agencies from time to time and, on various occasions, have been downgraded. In the future, our corporate credit rating and rating outlook could be further downgraded. Any further reductions in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs, reduce the availability of financing to us or increase the cost of doing business or otherwise negatively impact our business operations. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The elimination of LIBOR may adversely affect the cost of our borrowings. 
 Regulatory authorities in the U.K. will cease publication of all USD LIBOR tenors after June 30, 2023. In the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee formally recommended the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), plus a recommended spread adjustment, as the replacement for USD LIBOR. We recently entered into an amendment to the Term Loan Facility to replace LIBOR as the reference interest rate with SOFR plus a spread. While we continue to work with the administrative agents under our other credit agreements to finalize replacement rates, negotiations could require us to incur significant expense and may subject us to disputes over the appropriateness or comparability of the relevant replacement reference index. In addition, there can be no assurance that the application of, or transition to, SOFR or any other alternative reference rate to the Term Loan and our other agreements will not increase our interest expense or will not introduce operational risks in our accounting or financial reporting and other aspects of our business. 
 General Risks 
 We are dependent upon the performance of our senior management team and other key individuals. 
 We have experienced changes to our senior management team in critical functions. In early 2022, Mr. Scott R. Wells commenced his role as Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board, and Mr. William Eccleshare transitioned to the role of Executive Vice Chairman of the Board, which terminated at the end of 2022. Changes in management and other key personnel have the potential to disrupt our business, and any such disruption could adversely affect our operations, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, competition for senior management and key individuals remains intense, and many of our key employees are at-will employees who are under no obligation to remain with us and may decide to leave for a variety of personal or other reasons beyond our control. If members of our senior management or key individuals decide to leave in the future, or if we are not successful in attracting, motivating and retaining other key employees, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our financial performance may be adversely affected by many factors beyond our control. 
 Certain additional factors that could adversely affect our financial performance by, among other things, decreasing overall revenues, the numbers of advertising customers, advertising fees or profit margins include, but are not limited to: 
 Our inability to successfully adopt, or our being late in adopting, technological changes and innovations that offer more attractive advertising alternatives than what we offer, which could result in a loss of advertising customers or lower advertising rates; 
 Unfavorable shifts in population and other demographics, which may cause us to lose advertising customers as people migrate to markets where we have a smaller presence, or which may cause advertisers to be willing to pay less in advertising fees if the general population shifts into a less desirable age or geographical demographic from an advertising perspective; 
 Our inability to secure displays, display equipment, physical structures, LCD or LED technology, electrical supply and network connectivity and other materials required to provide our products and services in a timely manner, either as a result of supply chain shortages or other supply chain challenges, such as sanctions imposed on countries where our inventory is manufactured, specifically China; and 
 Unfavorable changes in labor conditions, including labor shortages, which may impair our ability to operate or require us to spend more to retain and attract qualified employees. 
 Continued scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, lenders, customers, government regulators and other stakeholders may impose additional costs on us and/or expose us to additional risks. 
 Public companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from investors, lenders, customers, government regulators, activists and other stakeholders with respect to various areas of their operations, including with respect to ESG matters. Investment in funds that specialize in companies that perform well in assessments performed by ESG raters are increasingly popular, and major institutional investors have emphasized the importance of such ESG measures to their investment decisions. Responding to ESG considerations, including diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship (including, but not limited to, measurement of our carbon emission reduction), support for local communities, labor conditions and human rights, ethics and compliance with law, privacy and information security, compliance initiatives and corporate governance and transparency, and implementing goals and initiatives involve risks and uncertainties and depend in part on third-party performance or data that is outside our control. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, we have been approached by, and have had discussions with, third-party stakeholders on matters related to our corporate governance policies, our environmental stewardship programs, our corporate strategies, our executive compensation programs and other aspects of our operations. Responding to these third-party stakeholders and their proposals requires significant attention, time and resources from management and our employees and may impact our ability to execute various strategic initiatives. In addition, some stakeholders may disagree with our goals and initiatives. We risk damage to our brand and reputation and may face issues securing government contracts or accessing the capital markets or other sources of liquidity if we fail to adapt to, or comply with, investor, lender, customer or other stakeholder expectations and/or standards and current and potential government regulation with respect to ESG matters. 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains various forward-looking statements which represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events, including, without limitation, our guidance, outlook, long-term forecast, goals or targets; our business plans and strategies; our expectations about certain markets and strategic review processes; and our liquidity. Statements expressing expectations and projections with respect to future matters are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. We caution that these forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties and are subject to many variables that could impact our future performance. These statements are made on the basis of management s views and assumptions, as of the time the statements are made, regarding future events and performance. There can be no assurance, however, that management s expectations will necessarily come to pass. Actual future events and performance may differ materially from the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements. We do not intend, nor do we undertake any duty, to update any forward-looking statements. 
 A wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance, including but not limited to: 
 continued economic uncertainty, an economic slowdown or a recession; 
 the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 our ability to service our debt obligations and to fund our operations, business strategy and capital expenditures; 
 the impact of our substantial indebtedness, including the effect of our leverage on our financial position and earnings; 
 the difficulty, cost and time required to implement our strategy, and the fact that we may not realize the anticipated benefits therefrom; 
 our ability to obtain and renew key contracts with municipalities, transit authorities and private landlords; 
 competition; 
 technological changes and innovations; 
 regulations and consumer concerns regarding privacy and data protection; 
 a breach of our information security measures; 
 legislative or regulatory requirements; 
 restrictions on out-of-home advertising of certain products; 
 environmental, health, safety and land use laws and regulations, as well as various actual and proposed ESG policies and regulations; 
 the impact of the strategic review processes of our European businesses, including possible sales; 
 the impact of future dispositions, acquisitions and other strategic transactions; 
 third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation against us or our suppliers; 
 the risk that indemnities from iHeartMedia will not be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of certain liabilities; 
 risks of doing business in foreign countries; 
 fluctuations in exchange rates and currency values; 
 volatility of our stock price; 
 the impacts of our stock price as a result of future sales of common stock, or the perception thereof, and dilution resulting from additional capital raised through the sale of common stock or other equity-linked instruments; 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 the effect of analyst or credit ratings downgrades; 
 our ability to continue to comply with the applicable listing standards of the NYSE; 
 the restrictions contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness limiting our flexibility in operating our business; 
 our dependence on our management team and other key individuals; 
 continued scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, lenders, customers, government regulators and other stakeholders; and 
 certain other factors set forth in our other filings with the SEC. 
 This list of factors that may affect future performance and the accuracy of forward-looking statements is illustrative and is not intended to be exhaustive. Accordingly, all forward-looking statements should be evaluated with the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in San Antonio, Texas, where we lease space for executive offices and a business services center. We also have executive offices in New York City and London. 
 Our operations are located primarily in the U.S., where we are present in 40 out of the top 50 U.S. markets, and in Europe, where our portfolio spans 16 countries and is focused on densely populated metropolitan areas in major cities. We also have operations in four countries across Latin America and in Singapore. The types of properties required to support each of our out-of-home advertising branches include offices and production facilities, generally located in an industrial or warehouse district, as well as structure sites. 
 Our U.S. display inventory consists primarily of billboards, transit displays and street furniture, and our Europe display inventory consists primarily of street furniture, billboards, retail displays and transit displays. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 69,800 advertising displays in the U.S., including more than 4,700 digital displays; approximately 430,000 advertising displays in Europe, including more than 19,600 digital displays; and approximately 7,600 advertising displays in Latin America and Singapore, including more than 1,000 digital displays. We typically own the physical structures on which our clients advertising copy is displayed, and we primarily lease our out-of-home display sites and own or have acquired permanent easements for relatively few parcels of real property that serve as the sites for our out-of-home displays. Our site lease terms may range from month-to-month to year-to-year and can be for terms of ten years or longer, and many provide for renewal options. There is no significant concentration of displays under any one lease or subject to negotiation with any one landlord. We believe that an important part of our management activity is to negotiate suitable lease renewals and extensions. 
 No one property is material to our overall operations. We believe that our properties are in good condition and suitable for our operations. For additional information regarding our properties, refer to Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Business ). 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For information regarding our material pending legal proceedings, refer to Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements located in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information Stockholders 
 Shares of our common stock trade on the NYSE under the symbol CCO. As of February 23, 2023, there were 477,438,803 shares of our common stock outstanding (excluding 7,781,852 shares held in treasury) and 164 stockholders of record. This figure does not include an estimate of the indeterminate number of beneficial holders whose shares may be held by brokerage firms and clearing agencies. 
 Dividends 
 We currently have no intention to pay dividends on our common stock at any time in the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table sets forth our purchases of shares of our common stock made during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1 through October 31 4,474 1.37 November 1 through November 30 December 1 through December 31 208,837 1.05 Total 213,311 1.06 
 (1) The shares indicated consist of shares of our common stock tendered to us by employees during the three months ended December 31, 2022 to satisfy the employees tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting and release of restricted shares, which are repurchased by us based on their fair market value on the date the relevant transaction occurs. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following chart provides a comparison of the cumulative total returns, adjusted for any stock splits and dividends, for our common stock (traded on the NYSE under the symbol CCO ), the S P 600 Index and the stock of peer issuers (Lamar Advertising Company and Outfront Media, Inc.), in each case from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. In order to calculate the cumulative total returns, the Company assumed 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and each of the aforementioned indices and stock of peer issuers and that any dividends were reinvested. 
 Indexed Yearly Stock Price Close 
 (Price Adjusted for Stock Splits and Dividends) 
 
 Source: Bloomberg 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations MD A should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, we, us and our refer to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 The MD A is organized as follows: 
 Overview Discussion of the nature, key developments and trends of our business in order to provide context for the remainder of this MD A. 
 Results of Operations Analysis of our financial results of operations at the consolidated and segment levels. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Analysis of our short- and long-term liquidity and discussion of our material cash requirements and the anticipated source of funds needed to satisfy such requirements. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates Discussion of our material accounting estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty, which we believe are most important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our consolidated financial statements. 
 This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements contained in Item 1A within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Description of Our Business and Segments 
 Our revenue is derived from selling advertising space on the out-of-home displays we own or operate in key markets worldwide using various digital and traditional display types. Historically, we had two reportable segments: Americas, which consisted of operations primarily in the U.S., and Europe, which consisted of operations in Europe and Singapore. Our remaining operating segment of Latin America did not meet the quantitative threshold to qualify as a reportable segment and was disclosed as Other. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we revised our segments to reflect changes in the way our business is managed and the way resources are allocated by our chief operating decision maker (our CEO). Effective December 31, 2022, we have four reportable segments: America, which consists of our U.S. operations excluding airports; Airports, which includes revenue from U.S. and Caribbean airports; Europe-North, which consists of operations in the U.K., the Nordics and several other countries throughout northern and central Europe; and Europe-South, which consists of operations in France, Switzerland, Spain and Italy. Our remaining operations in Latin America and Singapore are disclosed as Other. Prior to the sale of our stake in Clear Media on April 28, 2020, Other also included China. 
 We have conformed the segment disclosures for prior periods in this MD A and throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the 2022 presentation. Refer to Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details regarding our segments. 
 COVID-19 
 Advertising revenue for our business is highly correlated to changes in GDP as advertising spending has historically trended in line with GDP, both domestically and internationally. As such, COVID-19, which had severe negative impacts on the global economy, also had a significant adverse impact on our results of operations during 2020 and the first quarter of 2021. As restrictions eased and vaccine programs were rolled out, we saw increases in mobility and corresponding positive trends in revenue, with consolidated revenue returning to growth in the second quarter of 2021 as compared to the prior year. However, we did not experience a return to our pre-COVID-19 historical seasonal levels of revenue until the fourth quarter of 2021. To a large extent, we continued to see revenues in line with, or exceeding, pre-COVID-19 levels during 2022, and we believe this rebound, together with new advertisers discovering our medium, will continue to drive growth in many of our markets in 2023 ahead of pre-COVID-19 revenue levels. 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented various savings initiatives to increase our liquidity and preserve and strengthen our financial flexibility, including negotiating rent abatements with landlords and municipalities, receiving governmental support and subsidies, executing restructuring plans to reduce headcount and related costs, and reducing or deferring capital expenditures. As our operating performance improved, we reduced or ceased many of these temporary operating cost savings initiatives and increased our investment in our business through additional capital expenditures and asset acquisitions. 
 Macroeconomic Trends 
 In early 2022, worldwide inflation began to increase. While inflation affected our performance in 2022 as a result of higher costs for employees, electricity, materials and equipment, we believe we have partially offset these higher costs by increasing the effective advertising rates for most of our products, and to date, we have not suffered material impacts from the heightened levels of global inflation. In response to these heightened levels of inflation, central banks, including the U.S. Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank, raised interest rates significantly in 2022, resulting in an increase in our weighted average cost of debt. Interest rates are expected to continue to increase in 2023, although at a slower rate. 
 Additionally, our international results are impacted by the economic conditions in the foreign markets in which we operate and by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. During 2022, the U.S. dollar strengthened against the Euro and British pound sterling, among other European currencies, resulting in an adverse impact on reported results in our Europe-North and Europe-South segments. The U.S. dollar may continue to strengthen against these foreign currencies if the U.S. Federal Reserve further raises the federal funds rate, which could result in downstream impacts to global exchange rates and further adverse impacts to our reported results in these segments. 
 The market risks that our business is subject to, including movements in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and inflation, are further described in Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Strategic Review 
 Our Board has authorized a review of strategic alternatives for our European businesses, including the potential disposal of certain of our lower-margin European assets (and/or other European assets of lower priority to our European business as a whole), while retaining, for now, our higher-margin European assets. 
 In December 2022, we announced that we entered into an agreement to sell our business in Switzerland to Goldbach Group AG for cash consideration of approximately 92.7 million. The sale is expected to close in the second or third quarter of 2023, depending on the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 
 Our reviews of our European businesses remain ongoing. However, there can be no assurance that these reviews will result in any additional transactions or particular outcomes. We have not set a timetable for completion of these reviews, may suspend the processes at any time and do not intend to make further announcements regarding the processes for our European businesses unless and until our Board approves a specific course of action for which further disclosure is appropriate. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The discussion of our results of operations is presented on both a consolidated and segment basis. 
 Our operating segment profit measure is Segment Adjusted EBITDA, which is calculated as revenue less direct operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding restructuring and other costs, which are defined as costs associated with cost-saving initiatives such as severance, consulting and termination costs and other special costs. The material components of Segment Adjusted EBITDA are discussed below on both a consolidated and segment basis. As discussed in this MD A Overview , we changed our presentation of segment information during the fourth quarter of 2022 to reflect changes in the way the business is managed and resources are allocated. As such, the prior period segment information has been retrospectively revised to conform to the current period presentation. 
 Corporate expenses, depreciation and amortization, impairment charges, other operating income and expense, all non-operating income and expenses, and income taxes are managed on a consolidated company basis and are, therefore, included only in our discussion of consolidated results. 
 Revenue and expenses excluding the impact of movements in foreign exchange rates in this MD A are presented because management believes that viewing certain financial results without the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency rates facilitates period-to-period comparisons of business performance and provides useful information to investors. Revenue and expenses excluding the impact of movements in foreign exchange rates are calculated by converting the current period s revenue and expenses in local currency to U.S. dollars using average monthly foreign exchange rates for the same period of the prior year. 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 2,481,134 2,241,118 1,854,608 Operating expenses: Direct operating expenses (1) 
 1,327,979 1,270,258 1,201,208 Selling, general and administrative expenses (1) 
 467,960 459,397 442,310 Corporate expenses (1) 
 157,915 156,181 137,297 Depreciation and amortization 253,809 253,155 269,421 Impairment charges 39,546 118,950 150,400 Other operating expense (income), net 2,386 (627) (53,614) Operating income (loss) 231,539 (16,196) (292,414) Interest expense, net (362,680) (350,457) (360,259) Loss on extinguishment of debt (102,757) (5,389) Other income (expense), net (35,079) 1,762 (170) Loss before income taxes (166,220) (467,648) (658,232) Income tax benefit 71,832 34,528 58,006 Consolidated net loss (94,388) (433,120) (600,226) Less amount attributable to noncontrolling interest 2,216 695 (17,487) Net loss attributable to the Company (96,604) (433,815) (582,739) 
 (1) Excludes depreciation and amortization 
 Consolidated Revenue 
 Our revenue is derived from selling advertising space on the out-of-home displays we own or operate, consisting of roadside billboards, urban street furniture, airport advertising displays and other displays. Our asset portfolio consists of both print displays and digital displays. 
 Consolidated revenue increased 240.0 million, or 10.7 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 129.4 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, consolidated revenue increased 369.4 million, or 16.5 . As we have continued to recover from the adverse effects of COVID-19, we have seen increases in revenue across our portfolio. Excluding the impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, 2022 revenue exceeded 2019 revenue (pre-COVID-19 levels) in our America, Airports and Europe-North segments, while our Europe-South segment continues to recover. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated revenue increased 386.5 million, or 20.8 , during 2021 compared to 2020. Excluding the 33.9 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, consolidated revenue increased 352.6 million, or 19.0 . As we continued to recover from the adverse effects of COVID-19, we saw increases in revenue across our portfolio. This increase in revenue was partially offset by the sale of the Clear Media business in China on April 28, 2020. 
 Consolidated Direct Operating Expenses 
 Direct operating expenses primarily consist of site lease expenses, which include rent expense on both lease and non-lease contracts, as well as direct production, installation and maintenance expenses. 
 Our site lease expenses include payments for land or space used by our advertising displays, including minimum guaranteed payments and revenue-sharing arrangements. 
 Our direct production, installation and maintenance expenses include costs for printing, transporting, changing and maintaining the advertising copy on our displays, as well as cleaning and maintaining street furniture. 
 Consolidated direct operating expenses increased 57.7 million, or 4.5 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 86.2 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, consolidated direct operating expenses increased 143.9 million, or 11.3 , primarily driven by higher site lease expense due to higher revenue and lower rent abatements. We also incurred higher production and installation expenses driven by increased sales activity, partially offset by lower costs for our restructuring plan to reduce headcount in our Europe-South segment. 
 Consolidated direct operating expenses increased 69.1 million, or 5.7 , during 2021 compared to 2020. Excluding the 31.9 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, consolidated direct operating expenses increased 37.1 million, or 3.1 , largely due to higher site lease expense driven by higher revenue, partially offset by higher rent abatements. We also incurred higher production and installation expenses driven by increased sales activity and, to a lesser extent, lower European governmental wage subsidies, as well as higher costs for our restructuring plans to reduce headcount. These increases were partially offset by the sale of the Clear Media business. 
 The following table provides additional information about certain drivers of consolidated direct operating expenses: 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Site lease expense 927,477 832,533 805,303 Reductions of rent expense on lease and non-lease contracts from rent abatements 
 52,259 98,510 77,708 Reductions of direct operating expenses from European governmental support and wage subsidies (1) 
 687 2,599 10,436 Restructuring and other costs (2) 
 2,264 18,694 7,283 
 (1) Includes rent subsidies of 0.8 million and 4.6 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Includes severance and related costs (reversals) for our restructuring plans to reduce headcount of (0.5) million, 14.3 million and 4.1 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Consolidated Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expenses 
 SG A expenses primarily consist of employee-related costs for our sales, marketing, segment leadership and support functions, as well as marketing costs, facilities and information technology costs, and other general costs. 
 Consolidated SG A expenses increased 8.6 million, or 1.9 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 26.1 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, consolidated SG A expenses increased 34.7 million, or 7.5 . Higher employee compensation costs, driven by improvements in operating performance and increased headcount, and higher credit loss expense, driven by an increase in current year revenue and prior year credit loss reductions due to COVID-19 recovery, were partially offset by lower costs for our restructuring plan to reduce headcount in our Europe-South segment. 
 Consolidated SG A expenses increased 17.1 million, or 3.9 , during 2021 compared to 2020. Excluding the 9.5 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, consolidated SG A expenses increased 7.6 million, or 1.7 . Higher employee compensation costs, mainly driven by improvements in operating performance, and higher costs for our restructuring plans to reduce headcount were partially offset by lower credit loss expense related to our continued recovery from COVID-19 and the sale of the Clear Media business. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides additional information about certain drivers of consolidated SG A expenses: 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Reductions of SG A expenses from European governmental wage subsidies 144 1,814 5,053 Restructuring and other costs (1) 
 3,980 19,807 11,901 
 (1) Includes severance and related costs for our restructuring plans to reduce headcount of 1.8 million, 16.5 million and 7.9 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Corporate Expenses 
 Corporate expenses primarily consist of infrastructure and support costs related to our information technology, human resources, legal, finance, business services and administrative functions, as well as overall executive leadership. 
 Corporate expenses increased 1.7 million, or 1.1 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 2.6 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, corporate expenses increased 4.4 million, or 2.8 , primarily due to higher employee compensation and travel costs, partially offset by lower professional fees. 
 Corporate expenses increased 18.9 million, or 13.8 , during 2021 compared to 2020. Excluding the 3.3 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, corporate expenses increased 15.6 million, or 11.3 , primarily driven by higher employee compensation costs mainly related to improvements in operating performance. 
 The following table provides additional information about certain drivers of corporate expenses: 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Share-based compensation expense 21,148 19,398 13,235 Restructuring and other costs (1) 
 10,000 9,339 13,758 
 (1) Includes severance and related costs (reversals) for our restructuring plans to reduce headcount of (0.5) million, 1.1 million and 2.5 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of our advertising structures and other property, plant and equipment and amortization of our finite-lived intangible assets. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 0.7 million, or 0.3 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 8.9 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, depreciation and amortization increased 9.6 million, or 3.8 . The increase was driven by a change in the classification of billboard permit intangible assets in our America segment from indefinite-lived to finite-lived in the fourth quarter of 2022, which increased amortization expense by 16.1 million compared to the same period of the prior year. Please refer to the Critical Accounting Esti m a tes section of this MD A and Note 2 in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details regarding this change, which is expected to have a material impact on amortization expense in future years. This was partially offset by the impact of other assets becoming fully depreciated. 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased 16.3 million, or 6.0 , during 2021 compared to 2020. Excluding the 3.6 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, depreciation and amortization decreased 19.9 million, or 7.4 , mainly driven by the sale of the Clear Media business. 
 Impairment Charges 
 During 2022, we recognized total impairment charges of 39.5 million, including 21.8 million related to permits in our America segment driven by rising interest rates and inflation, 0.9 million on permanent easements in our America segment as a result of our annual impairment test, and 16.9 million related to the goodwill allocated to our Europe-South segment in conjunction with our change in segments. 
 During 2021, we recognized an impairment charge of 119.0 million related to permits in our America segment, driven by an increase in the discount rate and reduction in projected cash flows related to the negative impacts of COVID-19. 
 During 2020, we recognized total impairment charges of 150.4 million, including 140.7 million related to permits in our America segment and 9.7 million related to the goodwill allocated to our Latin America business. These impairment charges were primarily driven by reductions in projected cash flows related to the expected negative impacts of COVID-19. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Other Operating Expense (Income), Net 
 Other operating expense, net, was 2.4 million during 2022. C osts related to the strategic reviews of our Europe businesses were largely offset by compensation received from local governments for the condemnation and removal of billboards, less a reduction in the underlying value of the condemned assets, in certain markets in our America segment. 
 Other operating income, net, was 0.6 million and 53.6 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively. The income in 2020 was primarily driven by a gain on the sale of the Clear Media business of 75.2 million, partially offset by legal costs and consulting fees incurred related to the sale. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net, increased 12.2 million in 2022 compared to 2021 driven by higher interest rates on our Term Loan Facility. This was partially offset by lower interest rates as a result of refinancing our 9.25 Senior Notes due 2024 (the CCWH Senior Notes in the first half of 2021 and, to a lesser extent, repayment of the 130.0 million draw under our Revolving Credit Facility in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Interest expense, net, decreased 9.8 million in 2021 compared to 2020. This decrease was mainly driven by lower interest on our Term Loan Facility due to a favorable change in the interest rate and the refinancing of the CCWH Senior Notes during the first half of 2021, partially offset by the issuance of the CCIBV Senior Secured Notes in August 2020. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 We did not extinguish any debt during 2022. In 2021, we recognized losses on extinguishment of debt of 102.8 million related to the redemption of the CCWH Senior Notes. In 2020, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of 5.4 million related to the repayment of the CCIBV Promissory Note. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other expense, net, of 35.1 million in 2022 primarily resulted from net foreign exchange losses recognized in connection with intercompany notes denominated in a currency other than the functional currency, driven by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, particularly the Euro and British pound sterling. 
 Other income, net, was 1.8 million in 2021, and other expense, net, was 0.2 million in 2020. 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 The effective tax rate for 2022 was 43.2 . This was primarily driven by a reduction in the valuation allowance related to the classification change of permit intangible assets from indefinite-lived to finite-lived for financial reporting purposes, partially offset by deferred tax expense of 7.4 million recorded as a result of entering into a definitive agreement to sell our business in Switzerland. 
 The effective tax rates for 2021 and 2020 were 7.4 and 8.8 , respectively. In both years, the benefit we received from reporting tax losses was partially offset by valuation allowances recorded against current period deferred tax assets in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions due to uncertainty regarding our ability to realize those assets in future periods. Additionally, we recorded 59.7 million of tax expense in 2020 as a result of selling our 50.91 stake in Clear Media. 
 For a full reconciliation of our effective tax rate to statutory rates and further explanation of our provision for taxes, please refer to Note 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 America Results of Operations 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 1,105,552 1,013,290 853,183 Direct operating expenses (1) 
 412,302 376,898 377,464 SG A expenses (1) 
 195,316 175,526 167,774 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 499,390 463,410 315,001 
 (1) Includes restructuring and other costs that are excluded from Segment Adjusted EBITDA. 
 America Revenue 
 America revenue increased 92.3 million, or 9.1 , during 2022 compared to 2021. During 2021, America revenue was still adversely affected by COVID-19. However, as our America segment has recovered, we have seen increases in revenue across all of our products, most notably billboards, and in almost all of our markets. More than half of the total increase was driven by digital revenue, which increased 15.2 from 2021. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 America revenue increased 160.1 million, or 18.8 , during 2021 compared to 2020. As we continued to recover from the adverse effects of COVID-19, we saw increases in revenue across all of our products, most notably billboards, and in all of our markets. More than half of the total increase was driven by digital revenue, which increased 35.5 from 2020. 
 The following table provides information about America digital revenue: 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Digital revenue 380,222 329,938 243,549 Percent of total segment revenue 34.4 32.6 28.5 
 Revenue generated from national sales comprised 36.2 , 39.1 and 35.1 of America revenue for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, while the remainder of revenue was generated from local sales. 
 America Direct Operating Expenses 
 America direct operating expenses increased 35.4 million, or 9.4 , during 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to higher site lease expense driven by higher revenue, new contracts and lower rent abatements. 
 America direct operating expenses decreased 0.6 million, or 0.1 , during 2021 compared to 2020. Lower site lease expense driven by higher rent abatements was largely offset by the impact of higher revenue on variable rent, as well as higher production and installation expenses driven by increased sales activity. 
 The following table provides additional information about certain drivers of America direct operating expenses: 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Site lease expense 322,725 291,769 297,152 Reductions of rent expense on lease and non-lease contracts from rent abatements 14,847 20,457 4,777 
 America SG A Expenses 
 America SG A expenses increased 19.8 million, or 11.3 , during 2022 compared to 2021 largely due to higher credit loss expense, driven by an increase in current year revenue and prior year credit loss reductions due to COVID-19 recovery, and higher employee compensation costs, driven by increased headcount and sales commissions. 
 America SG A expenses increased 7.8 million, or 4.6 , during 2021 compared to 2020 driven by higher employee compensation costs due to improvements in operating performance. This was partially offset by lower credit loss expense related to our continued recovery from COVID-19. 
 Airports Results of Operations 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 256,402 160,330 123,789 Direct operating expenses (1) 
 163,638 98,548 95,369 SG A expenses (1) 
 31,900 24,898 23,555 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 60,864 36,894 4,871 
 (1) Includes restructuring and other costs that are excluded from Segment Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Airports Revenue 
 Airports revenue increased 96.1 million, or 59.9 , during 2022 compared to 2021 driven by additional demand for airport advertising due to increased air passenger volume as the travel industry continues to recover from COVID-19. A large portion of this increase was driven by digital revenue, which increased 71.3 from 2021. 
 Airports revenue increased 36.5 million, or 29.5 , during 2021 compared to 2020 driven by our new advertising sponsorship contract with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. The majority of this increase was driven by digital revenue, which increased 54.3 from 2020. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides information about Airports digital revenue: 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Digital revenue 147,361 86,014 55,736 Percent of total segment revenue 57.5 53.6 45.0 
 Revenue generated from national sales comprised 53.7 , 42.9 and 52.0 of Airports revenue for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, while the remainder of revenue was generated from local sales. 
 Airports Direct Operating Expenses 
 Airports direct operating expenses increased 65.1 million, or 66.0 , during 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to higher site lease expense driven by higher revenue and, to a lesser extent, lower rent abatements. 
 Airports direct operating expenses increased 3.2 million, or 3.3 , during 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to higher production and installation expenses driven by increased sales activity. Lower site lease expense driven by higher rent abatements was offset by the impact of higher revenue on variable rent. 
 The following table provides additional information about certain drivers of Airports direct operating expenses: 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Site lease expense 145,227 83,791 84,553 Reductions of rent expense on lease and non-lease contracts from rent abatements 32,092 49,762 32,348 
 Airports SG A Expenses 
 Airports SG A expenses increased 7.0 million, or 28.1 , during 2022 compared to 2021 largely due to higher employee compensation costs driven by higher sales commissions and increased headcount. 
 Airports SG A expenses increased 1.3 million, or 5.7 , during 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to higher employee compensation costs mainly driven by improvements in operating performance. 
 Europe-North Results of Operations 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 566,119 517,990 406,783 Direct operating expenses (1) 
 358,234 365,739 319,266 SG A expenses (1) 
 104,553 102,891 88,684 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 103,654 53,981 2,677 
 (1) Includes restructuring and other costs that are excluded from Segment Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Europe-North Revenue 
 Europe-North revenue increased 48.1 million, or 9.3 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 76.1 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Europe-North revenue increased 124.2 million, or 24.0 . While 2021 revenues were still negatively impacted by COVID-19 in most countries, in 2022 we experienced incremental growth compared to 2019 (pre-COVID-19) revenue levels. We have seen year-over-year increases in revenue across our products, most notably transit and street furniture, and in almost all of the countries in which we operate, with the largest increases in Sweden, the U.K. and Norway. A large portion of the total increase was driven by digital revenue, which increased 19.4 from 2021, or 35.0 excluding the impact of movements in foreign exchange rates. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Europe-North revenue increased 111.2 million, or 27.3 , during 2021 compared to 2020. Excluding the 24.6 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Europe-North revenue increased 86.6 million, or 21.3 . As we continued to recover from the adverse effects of COVID-19, we saw increases in revenue across most of our products, most notably street furniture and retail displays, and in all of the countries in which we operate, with the largest increase in the U.K. A large portion of the total increase was driven by digital revenue, which increased 41.2 from 2020, or 34.1 excluding the impact of movements in foreign exchange rates. 
 The following table provides information about Europe-North digital revenue: 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Digital revenue 299,464 250,901 177,698 Percent of total segment revenue 52.9 48.4 43.7 Digital revenue, excluding movements in foreign exchange rates (1) : 
 2022 compared to 2021 338,631 250,901 2021 compared to 2020 238,310 177,698 
 (1) Amounts excluding movements in foreign exchange rates have been calculated by converting the latest period s results in local currency to U.S. dollars using average monthly foreign exchange rates for the prior year. 
 Europe-North Direct Operating Expenses 
 Europe-North direct operating expenses decreased 7.5 million, or 2.1 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 46.7 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Europe-North direct operating expenses increased 39.2 million, or 10.7 , due to higher site lease expense largely driven by higher revenue. We also experienced higher production and installation expenses driven by increased sales activity, as well as higher maintenance expense. 
 Europe-North direct operating expenses increased 46.5 million, or 14.6 , during 2021 compared to 2020. Excluding the 18.4 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Europe-North direct operating expenses increased 28.0 million, or 8.8 , largely due to higher site lease expense driven by higher revenue and lower rent abatements and governmental rent subsidies. We also incurred higher production and installation expenses driven by increased sales activity. 
 The following table provides additional information about certain drivers of Europe-North direct operating expenses: 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Site lease expense 221,326 210,152 185,574 Site lease expense, excluding movements in foreign exchange rates (1) : 
 2022 compared to 2021 250,525 210,152 2021 compared to 2020 199,665 185,574 Reductions of rent expense on lease and non-lease contracts from rent abatements 1,974 5,728 10,419 Reductions of direct operating expenses from European governmental support and wage subsidies (2) 
 32 896 7,473 
 (1) Amounts excluding movements in foreign exchange rates have been calculated by converting the latest period s results in local currency to U.S. dollars using average monthly foreign exchange rates for the prior year. 
 (2) Includes rent subsidies of 0.8 million and 4.6 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Europe-North SG A Expenses 
 Europe-North SG A expenses increased 1.7 million, or 1.6 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 13.5 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Europe-North SG A expenses increased 15.2 million, or 14.8 , largely due to higher employee compensation costs driven by improvements in operating performance. 
 Europe-North SG A expenses increased 14.2 million, or 16.0 , during 2021 compared to 2020. Excluding the 5.3 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Europe-North SG A expenses increased 9.0 million, or 10.1 , primarily due to higher employee compensation costs driven by improvements in operating performance. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Europe-South Results of Operations 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 467,106 472,360 385,326 Direct operating expenses (1) 
 346,000 383,224 328,548 SG A expenses (1) 
 110,371 129,768 123,686 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 15,201 (9,205) (60,040) 
 (1) Includes restructuring and other costs that are excluded from Segment Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Europe-South Revenue 
 Europe-South revenue decreased 5.3 million, or 1.1 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 52.5 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Europe-South revenue increased 47.2 million, or 10.0 . As this segment continues to recover from the adverse effects of COVID-19, we have seen increases in revenue across most of our products, most notably street furniture. Higher revenue in France, Spain and Italy was partially offset by lower revenue in Switzerland driven by the loss of certain contracts. Europe-South digital revenue increased 13.2 from 2021, or 25.4 excluding the impact of movements in foreign exchange rates. 
 Europe-South revenue increased 87.0 million, or 22.6 , during 2021 compared to 2020. Excluding the 9.0 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Europe-South revenue increased 78.1 million, or 20.3 . As we continued to recover from the adverse effects of COVID-19, we saw increases in revenue across all of our products, most notably street furniture, and in all of the countries in which we operate, with the largest increase in France. Europe-South digital revenue increased 45.1 from 2020, or 44.1 excluding the impact of movements in foreign exchange rates. 
 The following table provides information about Europe-South digital revenue: 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Digital revenue 108,468 95,832 66,039 Percent of total segment revenue 23.2 20.3 17.1 Digital revenue, excluding movements in foreign exchange rates (1) : 
 2022 compared to 2021 120,142 95,832 2021 compared to 2020 95,184 66,039 
 (1) Amounts excluding movements in foreign exchange rates have been calculated by converting the latest period s results in local currency to U.S. dollars using average monthly foreign exchange rates for the prior year. 
 Europe-South Direct Operating Expenses 
 Europe-South direct operating expenses decreased 37.2 million, or 9.7 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 38.6 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Europe-South direct operating expenses increased 1.4 million, or 0.4 . Higher site lease expense and other costs were offset by lower costs for our restructuring plan to reduce headcount. The increase in site lease expense was driven by a reduction in negotiated rent abatements, partially offset by the loss of certain contracts in Switzerland. 
 Europe-South direct operating expenses increased 54.7 million, or 16.6 , during 2021 compared to 2020. Excluding the 13.3 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Europe-South direct operating expenses increased 41.3 million, or 12.6 , largely due to higher site lease expense driven by lower negotiated rent abatements and higher revenue. We also incurred higher costs for our restructuring plan to reduce headcount, as well as higher production and installation expenses driven by increased sales activity. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides additional information about certain drivers of Europe-South direct operating expenses: 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Site lease expense 206,999 217,249 188,089 Site lease expense, excluding movements in foreign exchange rates (1) : 
 2022 compared to 2021 229,525 217,249 2021 compared to 2020 210,322 188,089 Reductions of rent expense on lease and non-lease contracts from rent abatements 915 21,471 27,385 Reductions of direct operating expenses from European governmental wage subsidies 641 1,709 2,520 
 (1) Amounts excluding movements in foreign exchange rates have been calculated by converting the latest period s results in local currency to U.S. dollars using average monthly foreign exchange rates for the prior year. 
 Europe-South SG A Expenses 
 Europe-South SG A expenses decreased 19.4 million, or 14.9 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 12.4 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Europe-South SG A expenses decreased 7.0 million, or 5.4 , driven by lower costs for our restructuring plan to reduce headcount. This was partially offset by higher employee compensation costs driven by improvements in operating performance, as well as increases in professional fees and other costs. 
 Europe-South SG A expenses increased 6.1 million, or 4.9 , during 2021 compared to 2020. Excluding the 4.3 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Europe-South SG A expenses increased 1.7 million, or 1.4 , driven by higher costs for our restructuring plan to reduce headcount. This was partially offset by lower professional fees and facilities costs. 
 Other Results of Operations 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 85,955 77,148 85,527 Direct operating expenses (1) 
 47,805 45,849 80,561 SG A expenses (1) 
 25,820 26,314 38,611 Segment Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 12,330 4,884 (32,235) 
 (1) Includes restructuring and other costs that are excluded from Segment Adjusted EBITDA. 
 (2) Our Latin America and Singapore businesses represented 5.6) million of Other Segment Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Other Revenue 
 Other revenue increased 8.8 million, or 11.4 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 0.8 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Other revenue increased 9.6 million, or 12.5 , driven by our continued recovery from COVID-19. 
 Other revenue decreased 8.4 million, or 9.8 , during 2021 compared to 2020, driven by the sale of the Clear Media business. Revenues from our Latin America and Singapore businesses were 77.1 million and 56.2 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively, with the increase related to our continued recovery from COVID-19. Excluding the 0.3 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Other revenue decreased 8.7 million, or 10.2 . 
 Other Direct Operating Expenses 
 Other direct operating expenses increased 2.0 million, or 4.3 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 0.9 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Other direct operating expenses increased 2.8 million, or 6.2 , driven by higher site lease expense related to higher revenue. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Other direct operating expenses decreased 34.7 million, or 43.1 , during 2021 compared to 2020, driven by the sale of the Clear Media business. Direct operating expenses from our Latin America and Singapore businesses were 45.8 million and 40.1 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively, with the increase primarily driven by higher site lease expense related to higher revenue. Excluding the 0.1 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Other direct operating expenses decreased 34.8 million, or 43.2 . 
 Other SG A Expenses 
 Other SG A expenses decreased 0.5 million, or 1.9 , during 2022 compared to 2021. Excluding the 0.2 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Other SG A expenses decreased 0.3 million, or 1.1 . 
 Other SG A expenses decreased 12.3 million, or 31.8 , during 2021 compared to 2020, driven by the sale of the Clear Media business. SG A expenses from our Latin America and Singapore businesses were 26.3 million and 23.0 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively, with the increase driven by higher employee compensation costs mainly due to improvements in operating performance. Excluding the 0.1 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, Other SG A expenses decreased 12.2 million, or 31.6 . 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Liquidity Analysis 
 Short-Term Liquidity 
 Our main cash requirements are for working capital used to fund the operations of the business, capital expenditures and debt service. We typically meet these requirements with cash on hand, internally-generated cash flow from operations and, if necessary, borrowings under our credit facilities. We believe that our current sources of funds will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
 Long-Term Liquidity 
 Our long-term future cash requirements will depend on many factors, including the growth of our business, investments in new technologies and the pursuit and outcome of strategic opportunities, including the outcome of the strategic reviews of our European businesses. In addition, we have long-term cash requirements related to the repayment of our outstanding debt, which is scheduled to mature over the next seven years. We believe that our sources of funds will be adequate to meet our cash requirements in the long-term. 
 However, our ability to meet these cash requirements through cash from operations will depend on our future operating results and financial performance, which are subject to significant uncertainty and may be affected by events beyond our control, including macro-economic events such as heightened inflation, higher interest rates, currency fluctuations, slower economic growth or recession, financial and industry conditions, and geopolitical events such as the war in Ukraine. Other than higher interest rates and currency fluctuations, these events have not had a material effect on our results to date. Please refer to Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details about our market risks. Additionally, our significant interest payment obligations reduce our financial flexibility, make us more vulnerable to changes in operating performance and economic downturns generally, and reduce our liquidity over time. 
 We regularly consider, and enter into discussions with our lenders and other parties related to, potential financing alternatives. In the future, we may need to obtain supplemental liquidity through additional financing from banks or other lenders, public offerings or private placements of debt, equity or equity-linked securities, strategic relationships or other arrangements, or from a combination of these sources. However, there can be no assurance that financing alternatives will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us in the future due to market conditions, our financial condition, our liquidity constraints or other factors, many of which are beyond our control, and even if financing alternatives are available to us, we may not find them suitable or at reasonable interest rates. In addition, the terms of our existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from securing financing on terms that are available to us at that time or at all. 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash through our operations or obtain sources of supplemental liquidity as needed, we could face substantial liquidity problems, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and on our ability to meet our obligations. 
 Cash Requirements 
 Working Capital Needs 
 We utilize working capital to fund the operations of our business and have certain related contractual obligations, including commitments under site leases and other non-cancelable contracts. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Site Lease Expense 
 One of our largest cash requirements is for site lease costs, which includes payments for land or space used by our advertising displays for both lease and non-lease contracts, including minimum guaranteed payments and revenue-sharing arrangements. We lease the majority of the land occupied by our billboard structures under long-term site leases that typically have initial terms of up to 20 years. Additionally, most of our street furniture, airport and other displays are operated through long-term contracts, many of which contain rent provisions that are calculated as the greater of a percentage of the relevant advertising revenue or a specified guaranteed minimum annual payment. Many of our lease agreements contain renewal options and annual rent escalation clauses. 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred site lease expense of 927.5 million, 832.5 million and 805.3 million, respectively, which are included within direct operating expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Loss. In order to better align fixed site lease expenses with the reductions in revenue we experienced due to COVID-19, we successfully renegotiated contracts with landlords and municipalities throughout our business. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we reduced our site lease expense by rent abatements of 52.3 million, 98.5 million and 77.7 million, respectively. As our business continues to recover from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, we are receiving fewer rent abatements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had short-term future cash obligations related to site lease expense under non-cancelable operating leases and other non-cancelable contracts of 631.0 million (excluding obligations related to our business in Switzerland, which is held for sale) to be paid in the next 12 months. Please refer to Notes 7 and 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements located in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for our total future cash obligations under these contracts, including schedules of future minimum payments. 
 Restructuring Plans 
 In 2020 we committed to restructuring plans to reduce headcount throughout our business, primarily in response to the impact of COVID-19, which we completed in 2021. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we made cash expenditures for these restructuring plans of 16.5 million, 13.4 million and 8.8 million, respectively, and as of December 31, 2022, we had 7.2 million of future cash obligations related to our Europe restructuring plan. We expect to pay most of this balance by the end of the second quarter of 2023, and remaining costs are not expected to be significant. Please refer to Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements located in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details. 
 Capital Expenditures and Asset Acquisitions 
 Our capital expenditures primarily relate to construction and sustaining activities for our out-of-home advertising displays. The primary driver of our capital expenditure requirements is the construction of new advertising structures, including the continued deployment of digital displays in accordance with our long-term strategy to digitize our network. We believe our cash flow from operations will generally be sufficient to fund these expenditures. 
 Beginning in 2020, we reduced or deferred capital expenditures as part of our strategy to increase our liquidity and preserve and strengthen our financial flexibility given the adverse financial impacts and economic uncertainty resulting from COVID-19. As our operating performance has improved, we have increased our investment in our business through capital expenditures and asset acquisitions. 
 We made the following capital expenditures in 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 
 America 
 79,529 56,898 50,665 Airports 25,298 11,600 5,647 Europe-North 
 34,025 36,914 16,424 Europe-South 29,011 25,362 26,599 Other (1) 
 4,571 4,884 12,121 Corporate 12,245 12,348 12,706 Total capital expenditures (2) 
 184,679 148,006 124,162 
 (1) Other capital expenditures during 2020 included expenditures of 5.0 million related to our Latin America and Singapore businesses. 
 (2) Excludes asset acquisitions 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 During 2022 and 2021, we completed several acquisitions of out-of-home advertising assets in our America segment for total cash consideration of 62.0 million and 18.5 million, respectively. These asset acquisitions included permits, land, permanent easements and digital billboard structures. During 2020, cash paid for asset acquisitions was 1.3 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had short-term future capital expenditure commitments of 89.6 million to be paid in the next 12 months related to certain transit and street furniture contracts that require minimum purchases of property, plant and equipment, as well as certain contracts that contain penalties for not fulfilling our commitments related to our obligations to build bus stops, kiosks and other public amenities or advertising structures. Please refer to Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements located in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for our total future capital expenditure commitments, including a schedule of future minimum payments. 
 Debt Service Obligations 
 A substantial amount of our cash requirements is for debt service obligations. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we paid interest of 341.4 million, 387.6 million and 323.8 million, respectively. 
 In the first half of 2021, we refinanced the CCWH Senior Notes with the CCOH 7.75 Senior Notes and CCOH 7.5 Senior Notes. Differences in timing of the semi-annual interest payment dates between the new and refinanced debt resulted in a temporary increase in cash paid for interest in 2021. Additionally, the first interest payments on the CCIBV Senior Secured Notes were made in 2021. 
 In 2022, we realized the full benefit of the lower interest rates on the refinanced debt, but these savings were offset by the effect of higher variable interest rates on the Term Loan Facility. 
 We anticipate having cash interest payments of 413.0 million in 2023 and 398.5 million in 2024, assuming that we do not refinance or incur additional debt. The expected increase from cash interest paid in 2022 is driven by the effect of higher variable interest rates on our Term Loan Facility. 
 Additionally, during each of 2022, 2021 and 2020, we made 20.0 million of principal payments on the Term Loan Facility in accordance with the terms of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement, and we will continue to make principal payments of 5.0 million per quarter until the remaining balance matures. Our next material debt maturity is in 2025 when the CCIBV Senior Secured Notes are due. At our option, we may redeem a portion of our outstanding debt prior to maturity in accordance with the terms of our debt agreements. Please refer to Note 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements located in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details on our outstanding long-term debt, including a schedule of future maturities. 
 Sources of Capital and Liquidity 
 Cash On Hand 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 286.8 million of cash on our balance sheet, including 102.8 million of cash held outside the U.S. by our subsidiaries (excludes cash held by our business in Switzerland, which is held for sale). Excess cash from our foreign operations may be transferred to our operations in the U.S. if needed to fund operations in the U.S., subject to the foreseeable cash needs of our foreign operations and restrictions in the indenture governing the CCIBV Senior Secured Notes. We could presently repatriate excess cash with minimal U.S. tax consequences, as calculated for tax law purposes, and dividend distributions from our international subsidiaries may be exempt from U.S. federal income tax. 
 Cash Flow from Operations 
 Net cash provided by operating activities primarily results from cash collected from customers for use of our out-of-home advertising space, offset by cash payments made for site leases; production, maintenance and installation costs; employee compensation; marketing, facility and information technology costs; interest on our debt; taxes; and other general corporate expenditures. 
 We have historically generated positive net cash flow from operations. However, we used net cash for operating activities during the periods in which we were negatively impacted by COVID-19, specifically 2020 and 2021, as cash paid for interest in these periods exceeded other net cash inflows from operations. We returned to positive operating cash flows in 2022 as stronger cash collections from customers, driven by improvements in revenue and our continued recovery from COVID-19, exceeded aggregate cash payments to vendors, lessors, employees and lenders. 
 In 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 140.0 million. Higher cash collections from customers more than offset increased cash payments driven by higher site lease, employee compensation and other costs. Additionally, cash paid for interest of 341.4 million was lower than interest paid during the prior year primarily due to the refinancing of the CCWH Senior Notes, as previously described. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 In 2021, net cash used for operating activities was 133.5 million. Cash paid for interest was 387.6 million. Cash collections from customers exceeded cash payments to vendors (including site lease costs) and our employees; however, collections earlier in the period lagged primarily due to COVID-19 s impact on fourth quarter 2020 and first quarter 2021 sales. Additionally, cash payments during the period included the payment of site lease costs that were deferred from 2020. 
 In 2020, net cash used for operating activities was 137.8 million. Cash paid for interest was 323.8 million. Cash collections from customers exceeded cash payments to vendors (including site lease costs) and our employees; however, cash collections primarily later in the period lagged due to COVID-19 s impact on sales and our collection cycle. This adverse impact was partially mitigated by initiatives that we implemented to reduce our expenditures, including the deferral of rent payments and temporary reductions in compensation costs. 
 Credit Facilities 
 We have access to a Revolving Credit Facility and Receivables-Based Credit Facility, both of which include sub-facilities for letters of credit and short-term borrowings and are scheduled to mature on August 23, 2024. During 2020, we made a cautionary draw of 150.0 million under our Revolving Credit Facility to enhance liquidity and preserve financial flexibility during the economic downturn resulting from COVID-19. We have since repaid the entire balance, including 20.0 million in 2020 and the remaining 130.0 million in 2021. 
 The table below presents our borrowings and excess availability under these credit facilities as of December 31, 2022. We may request incremental credit commitments under each facility at any time, subject to customary conditions; however, the lenders under such facilities do not have an obligation to provide incremental commitments. 
 (in millions) Revolving Credit Facility Receivables-Based Credit Facility Total Credit Facilities Borrowing limit (1) 
 175.0 125.0 300.0 Borrowings outstanding Letters of credit outstanding 43.2 42.2 85.4 Excess availability 131.8 82.8 214.6 
 (1) The borrowing limit of the Receivables-Based Credit Facility is equal to the lesser of 125.0 million and the borrowing base, which is calculated based on our accounts receivable balance each period in accordance with our Receivables-Based Credit Agreement. 
 Please refer to Note 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements located in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details on each of these credit facilities. 
 Dispositions 
 In 2022, we received cash proceeds from the disposal of assets of 27.1 million, including compensation received from local governments for the condemnation and removal of billboards in certain markets in our America segment. In 2021, cash proceeds from the disposal of assets were 13.2 million, and in 2020, we received 216.0 million of net proceeds from the sale of our Clear Media business, which is net of cash retained by Clear Media. 
 We expect to receive cash proceeds of CHF 86.0 million (approximately 92.7 million based on exchange rates on the date of the agreement) from the sale of our business in Switzerland, which is expected to close in the second or third quarter of 2023 depending on satisfaction of conditions to closing. We have entered into a hedge arrangement to mitigate exchange-rate risk related to these proceeds and estimate cash taxes due in connection with the sale will be less than 5 million. We intend to use the anticipated net proceeds from the sale to improve our liquidity position and increase financial flexibility, subject to any limitations set forth in our debt agreements. 
 Debt Activity 
 For a summary of our debt activity during 2020, refer to Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 , filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. 
 In February 2021, we issued 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of CCOH 7.75 Senior Notes and, in March 2021, used the net proceeds to redeem 940.0 million of the CCWH Senior Notes at 104.625 of their principal amount. In June 2021, we issued 1.05 billion aggregate principal amount of CCOH 7.5 Senior Notes and used the net proceeds to redeem the remaining outstanding 961.5 million of CCWH Senior Notes, also at 104.625 of their principal amount. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 In June 2021, a non-guarantor European subsidiary borrowed 30.0 million through a state-guaranteed loan program established in response to COVID-19. In April 2022, as permitted under the terms of the loan agreement, we elected to extend the maturity date of this loan to June 29, 2027, with quarterly principal repayments of 1.875 million due beginning in September 2023. The annual interest rate on this loan for periods after June 2022 is 0.7 (with no interest due prior thereto), and the annual cost of the state guarantee is 1.0 of the outstanding loan amount through June 29, 2024 and 2.0 of the outstanding loan amount for the remainder of the loan term. 
 We did not enter into any significant debt transactions during 2022. 
 Debt Covenants 
 Our debt agreements contain certain debt covenants, as described in Note 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements located in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of the covenants contained in our debt agreements. Further information regarding our compliance with the springing financial covenant required by the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is provided below. 
 Senior Secured Credit Agreement Financial Covenant 
 The Senior Secured Credit Agreement contains a springing financial covenant, applicable solely to the Revolving Credit Facility if the balance of the Revolving Credit Facility is greater than 0 and undrawn letters of credit exceed 10 million, that requires compliance with a first lien net leverage ratio of 7.10 to 1.00. Our first lien leverage ratio, which is calculated by dividing first lien debt by EBITDA (as defined by the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) for the preceding four quarters, was 5.18 to 1.00 as of December 31, 2022. First lien debt and EBITDA are presented herein because they are material components of the calculation of the first lien leverage ratio. 
 First Lien Debt 
 The following table presents a calculation of our first lien debt as of December 31, 2022: 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 Term Loan Facility 1,935.0 Revolving Credit Facility Receivables-Based Credit Facility Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings 5.125 Senior Secured Notes Due 2027 1,250.0 Other debt 4.7 Less: Cash and cash equivalents (1) 
 (287.4) First lien debt (2) 
 2,902.3 
 (1) Includes cash and cash equivalents of our business in Switzerland, which is held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022. Please refer to Note 16 in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details. 
 (2) Due to rounding, the total may not equal the sum of the line items in the table above. 
 EBITDA 
 As required by the definition of EBITDA in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement, our EBITDA for the preceding four quarters of 559.9 million is calculated as operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization, impairment charges and share-based compensation, further adjusted for charges, expenses or reserves in respect of any restructuring, relocation, redundancy or severance expense or one-time compensation charges and various other items. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles EBITDA to operating income and net cash provided by operating activities for the four quarters ended December 31, 2022: 
 Four Quarters Ended (In millions) December 31, 2022 EBITDA (as defined by the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) 
 559.9 Depreciation and amortization, impairment charges and share-based compensation (314.5) Charges, expenses or reserves in respect of any restructuring, relocation, redundancy or severance expense or one-time compensation charges (9.1) Other items (4.8) Operating income (1) 
 231.5 Interest expense, net; other expense, net and income tax benefit (325.9) Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Reconciling items for non-cash and non-operating activity (2) 
 610.2 Changes in operating assets and liabilities (375.8) Net cash provided by operating activities (1) 
 140.0 
 (1) Due to rounding, the total may not equal the sum of the line items in the table above. 
 (2) Includes depreciation, amortization and impairment charges; non-cash operating lease expense; deferred taxes; share-based compensation; amortization of deferred financing charges and note discounts; credit loss expense; gain on disposal of operating and other assets, net; foreign exchange transaction loss and other reconciling items. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates that are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these evaluations form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such difference could be material. 
 Our significant accounting policies are discussed in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management believes that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The following narrative describes these critical accounting estimates, management's judgments and assumptions, and the effect if actual results differed from these assumptions. 
 Long-lived Assets 
 We estimate the useful lives for our long-lived assets, including structures, other property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangibles, based on our historical experience and our plans regarding how we intend to use those assets. Advertising structures have different lives depending on their nature, with large format bulletins generally having longer depreciable lives and posters and other displays having shorter depreciable lives. Transit, street furniture and other contractual rights are depreciated over their estimated useful lives or appropriate contractual periods, whichever is shorter. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we concluded that due to changes in facts and circumstances, our billboard permits, which were previously classified as indefinite-lived, should start being amortized over an estimate of their remaining useful life. Specifically, as we plan to accelerate the digitization of our network of billboard assets as a key component of our business strategy, the estimated useful lives of the original permits applicable to the static assets are no longer indefinite. As such, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022, we began to amortize our permits on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Our experience indicates that the estimated useful lives applied to our portfolio of assets have been reasonable, and we do not expect significant changes to the estimated useful lives of our long-lived assets in the future. When we determine that a long-lived asset will be disposed of prior to the end of its useful life, we estimate the revised useful life and depreciate the remaining net book value of the asset over the revised period. 
 We review long-lived assets for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that depreciable and amortizable long-lived assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying amounts. When specific assets are determined to be unrecoverable, we reduce the cost basis of the asset to reflect the current fair market value. We did not recognize any impairments on our long-lived assets in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 We use various assumptions in determining the remaining useful lives of assets to be disposed of prior to the end of their useful lives and in determining the current fair market value of long-lived assets that are determined to be unrecoverable. Estimated useful lives and fair values are sensitive to factors including contractual commitments, regulatory requirements, future expected cash flows, industry growth rates, discount rates and future salvage values. Our impairment loss calculations require management to apply judgment in estimating future cash flows, including forecasting useful lives of the assets and selecting the discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows. If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to future impairment losses that could be material to our results of operations. 
 Annual Impairment Tests 
 We perform impairment tests on indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill at least annually, as of July 1 of each year, and more frequently as events or changes in circumstances warrant. During the second quarter of 2022, we performed an impairment test on certain of our then-indefinite-lived billboard permits due to rising interest rates and inflation, resulting in an impairment charge of 21.8 million. Additionally, we performed our annual impairment tests on indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill as of July 1, 2022, which resulted in an impairment charge of 0.9 million on our permanent easements. 
 As previously described, we revised our segments as of December 31, 2022 to reflect changes in the way the business is managed and resources are allocated by our CEO. We tested goodwill for impairment immediately before and after the change and recorded an impairment charge of million on the goodwill allocated to our Europe-South reporting unit as its fair value based on the projected cash flows was lower than its carrying value. 
 Management s judgements and assumptions used in our impairment tests are detailed below. The assumptions used to perform our impairment tests are not indicative of future results. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and utilized appropriate assumptions to calculate the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets and reporting units, it is possible that a material change could occur. If future results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates, or if the current macroeconomic situation worsens, we may be exposed to additional impairment charges in the future. 
 Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
 We review our indefinite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment using the direct valuation method as prescribed in ASC Section 805-20-S99. Our key assumptions using the direct valuation method are market revenue growth rates, market share, profit margin, duration and profile of the build-up period, estimated start-up capital costs and losses incurred during the build-up period, the risk-adjusted discount rate and terminal values. This data is populated using industry-normalized information representing an average asset within a market, and we engage a third-party valuation firm to assist with the development of our assumptions used to determine the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 In determining the fair value of our then-indefinite-lived billboard permits as of July 1, 2022, we used the following key assumptions: 
 Industry revenue growth forecasts used for the initial four-year period, which varied by market, started with the trailing twelve month forecast period ending July 1, 2022, and annual revenue growth on average of 6.1 was assumed from year two to year four; 
 Revenue growth beyond the initial four-year period was assumed to be 3.0 ; 
 Revenue grew over a build-up period, reaching maturity by the second year; 
 The operating industry average margin was assumed to be 39 ; and 
 The assumed discount rate was 11.5 
 In conjunction with the change in classification of our billboard permits from indefinite-lived to finite-lived in the fourth quarter of 2022, we tested our permits for impairment as of October 1, 2022, immediately prior to the change in useful life, which did not result in any additional impairment charges. In determining the fair value of our then-indefinite-lived billboard permits as of October 1, 2022, we used the following key assumptions: 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Industry revenue growth forecasts used for the initial four-year period, which varied by market, started with the trailing twelve month forecast period ending October 1, 2022, and annual revenue growth on average of 5.4 was assumed from year two to year four; 
 Revenue growth beyond the initial four-year period was assumed to be 3.0 ; 
 Revenue grew over a build-up period, reaching maturity by the second year; 
 The operating industry average margin was assumed to be 39 ; and 
 The assumed discount rate was 11.0 
 The following table shows the decrease in the fair value of our billboard permits that would have resulted from decreases of 100 basis points in our discrete and terminal period revenue growth rate and profit margin assumptions and an increase of 100 basis points in our discount rate assumption as of each of the impairment testing dates: 
 (In thousands) Revenue growth rate Profit margin Discount rate Decrease in fair value of billboard permits: (100 basis point decrease) (100 basis point decrease) (100 basis point increase) As of July 1, 2022 (1) 
 (375,000) (101,500) (383,200) As of October 1, 2022 (2) 
 (430,700) (113,600) (439,600) 
 (1) The change in each assumption as of July 1, 2022 would have resulted in impairment charges of 48.4 million, 29.5 million and 48.9 million, respectively. 
 (2) The change in each assumption as of October 1, 2022 would have resulted in impairment charges of 14.8 million, 1.5 million and 15.3 million, respectively. 
 As previously described, during the fourth quarter of 2022 we concluded that due to changes in facts and circumstances, the estimated useful lives of our billboard permits are no longer indefinite. As such, they are now subject to impairment tests for long-lived assets. In accordance with ASC Paragraph 350-30-35-17, we tested our permits for impairment immediately prior to the change in useful life, which did not result in any additional impairment charges. 
 Goodwill 
 The discounted cash flow approach that we use for valuing goodwill as part of our impairment testing approach involves estimating future cash flows expected to be generated from the related assets, discounted to their present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. Terminal values are also estimated and discounted to their present value. Assessing the recoverability of goodwill requires us to make estimates and assumptions about sales, operating margins, growth rates and discount rates based on our budgets, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. 
 We performed our annual impairment test as of July 1, 2022 in accordance with ASC Section 350-30-35, which did not result in any goodwill impairment. In determining the fair value of our reporting units, we used the following assumptions: 
 Expected cash flows underlying our business plans for the initial five-year period were based on detailed, multi-year forecasts performed by each of our operating segments and reflected the advertising outlook across our businesses; 
 Cash flows were projected to grow at a perpetual growth rate, which we estimated at 3.0 ; and 
 In order to risk-adjust the cash flow projections in determining fair value, we utilized a discount rate for each of our reporting units ranging from 11.0 to 12.0 . 
 Based on our assessment using the assumptions described above, a hypothetical 10 reduction in the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units with goodwill would not have resulted in an impairment. 
 The following table shows the decrease in the fair value of each of our reporting units with goodwill that would have resulted from decreases of 100 basis points in our discrete and terminal period revenue growth rate and profit margin assumptions and an increase of 100 basis points in our discount rate assumption as of July 1, 2022: 
 (In thousands) Decrease in fair value of reporting unit Revenue growth rate 
 (100 basis point decrease) (1) 
 Profit margin 
 (100 basis point decrease) (1) 
 Discount rate 
 (100 basis point increase) (1) 
 Americas (610,000) (160,000) (510,000) Europe (120,000) (110,000) (80,000) 
 (1) Changes to our assumptions by these amounts would not have resulted in goodwill impairment as the fair value of goodwill for each reporting unit would still be greater than its carrying value. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 As previously described, we revised our segments as of December 31, 2022, resulting in a change to our operating segments and certain reporting units. Corresponding with the change in our reporting units, we tested goodwill for impairment immediately before and after the change. The testing performed immediately before the change did not identify impairment; however, the testing performed immediately after the change resulted in an impairment charge of million, representing the entire goodwill balance allocated to our Europe-South reporting unit (excluding assets held for sale). 
 In determining the fair value of our reporting units as of December 31, 2022, we used the following assumptions: 
 Expected cash flows underlying our business plans for the initial four-year period were based on detailed, multi-year forecasts performed by each of our operating segments and reflected the advertising outlook across our businesses; 
 Cash flows were projected to grow at a perpetual growth rate, which we estimated at 3.0 ; and 
 In order to risk-adjust the cash flow projections in determining fair value, we utilized a discount rate for each of our reporting units ranging from 11.0 to 15.0 . 
 Based on our assessment using the assumptions described above, a hypothetical 10 reduction in the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units with remaining goodwill would not have resulted in an impairment. 
 The following table shows the decrease in the fair value of each of our reporting units with remaining goodwill that would have resulted from decreases of 100 basis points in our discrete and terminal period revenue growth rate and profit margin assumptions and an increase of 100 basis points in our discount rate assumption as of December 31, 2022: 
 (In thousands) Decrease in fair value of reporting unit Revenue growth rate 
 (100 basis point decrease) (1) 
 Profit margin 
 (100 basis point decrease) (1) 
 Discount rate 
 (100 basis point increase) (1) 
 America (550,000) (130,000) (480,000) Airports (31,000) (33,000) (29,000) Europe-North (100,000) (70,000) (80,000) 
 (1) Changes to our assumptions by these amounts would not have resulted in goodwill impairment as the fair value of goodwill for each reporting unit would still be greater than its carrying value. 
 Leases 
 The most significant estimates used by management in accounting for leases are the lease term, the incremental borrowing rate IBR ), and the fair market value of the leased property as each of these estimates are used to determine whether the lease is accounted for as an operating lease or a finance lease. The majority of our leases are classified as operating. 
 When determining the lease term for contracts in which we are the lessee, we generally exclude renewal periods at the Company s option as we do not consider exercise of such options to be reasonably certain for most of our leases; therefore, the optional terms and payments are not generally included within our lease liability. An increase in the expected lease term would increase our lease liability and the probability that a lease may be considered a finance lease. 
 We use the IBR to determine the present value of lease payments at the commencement of a lease. In our U.S. business, the IBRs used are based upon the trading levels of our CCOH Senior Secured Notes and are extrapolated over a time horizon using the composite credit rating yield curve to adjust for the lease term. Internationally, the Company uses a portfolio approach using the U.S. business IBR to apply an interest rate parity theory, in which the resulting calculation determines the equivalent interest rate to borrow in the foreign locations based on the expected appreciation/depreciation of the currencies. An increase in the IBR would decrease the net present value of the minimum lease payments and, therefore, the value of the lease right-of-use asset and liability on the balance sheet, reducing the probability that a lease would be considered a finance lease. 
 We generally estimate the fair market value of leased property based on comparable market data as provided by third-party sources. A higher fair market value reduces the likelihood that a lease will be considered a finance lease. 
 Tax Provisions 
 Our estimates of income taxes and the significant items giving rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect our assessment of actual future taxes to be paid on items reflected in the financial statements, giving consideration to both timing and probability of these estimates. Actual income taxes could vary from these estimates due to future changes in income tax law or results from the final review of our tax returns by federal, state or foreign tax authorities. 
 We use our best and most informed judgment to determine whether it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets are reduced by valuation allowances if we believe it is more likely than not that some portion or the entire asset will not be realized. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 We also use our best and most informed judgment to determine whether it is more likely than not that we will sustain positions that we have taken on tax returns and, if so, the amount of benefit to initially recognize within our financial statements. We regularly review our uncertain tax positions and adjust our unrecognized tax benefits UTBs in light of changes in facts and circumstances, such as changes in tax law, interactions with taxing authorities and developments in case law. These adjustments to our UTBs may affect our income tax expense, and settlement of uncertain tax positions may require use of our cash. 
 Litigation Accruals 
 We are currently involved in certain legal proceedings. Based on current assumptions, we have accrued an estimate of the probable costs for the resolution of those claims for which the occurrence of loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. These estimates have been developed in consultation with counsel and are based upon an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Future results of operations could be materially affected by changes in these assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies related to these proceedings. 
 Pension Benefits 
 We estimate pension benefit obligations and costs based on actuarial valuations. The annual measurement date for our pension benefit plan is December 31. The actuarial valuations require the use of certain assumptions including discount rates, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets and expected rates of compensation increase. We determine the discount rate based on a range of factors, including a yield curve composed of rates of return on high-quality corporate bonds that have a comparable cash flow pattern to the expected payments to be made under our plans. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based upon the weighted averages of the expected long-term rates of return for the broad categories of investments held in our plans, and the expected rate of compensation increase represents average long-term salary increases. 
 Changes in these assumptions are primarily influenced by factors outside our control and could affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. A 0.25 change in the discount rate and compensation rate assumptions would have resulted in increases of the projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 of 4.3 million and 0.7 million, respectively. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risks arising from changes in market rates and prices, including movements in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and inflation, which are generally interrelated. 
 In early 2022, worldwide inflation began to increase. In response to heightened levels of inflation, central banks, including the U.S. Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank, raised interest rates significantly. Governments likely will continue to increase interest rates to combat inflation in 2023. Additionally, during 2022, the U.S. dollar strengthened against certain foreign currencies. The U.S. dollar could be further impacted depending on the extent of additional U.S. Federal Reserve changes to the federal funds rate, resulting in downstream impacts to global exchange rates. 
 During 2022, rising interest rates and inflation resulted in impairment charges in our America segment of 21.8 million on certain of our billboard permits and 0.9 million on permanent easements. Additionally, we impaired 16.9 million of goodwill allocated to our Europe-South reporting unit. Although there were no indicators of impairment as of December 31, 2022, continued increases in interest rates, continued elevated inflation or other macroeconomic issues, such as a recession, may result in additional impairment charges or have other adverse effects on our results of operations, as further described below. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We have operations in America, Europe, Singapore and Latin America. Foreign operations are measured in their local currencies, and, as a result, our financial results are affected by factors such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic conditions in the foreign markets in which we have operations. During 2022, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the local currencies of many of our foreign operations, most notably the British pound sterling and Euro, negatively impacted our reported Segment Adjusted EBITDA for our Europe-North and Europe-South segments by 15.8 million and 2.0 million, respectively. 
 In 2022, our Europe-North and Europe-South segments reported Segment Adjusted EBITDA of 103.7 million and 15.2 million, respectively. We estimate that an additional 10 increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies would have decreased Segment Adjusted EBITDA for our Europe-North and Europe-South segments by 10.4 million and 1.5 million, respectively, and a 10 decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies would have increased our Segment Adjusted EBITDA for our Europe-North and Europe-South segments by corresponding amounts. This analysis does not consider the implications that such currency fluctuations could have on the overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment in the U.S. or such foreign countries or on the results of operations of these foreign entities. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in economic or political conditions in any of the foreign countries in which we operate could result in exchange rate movement, new currency or exchange controls or other currency restrictions being imposed. For more information, please refer to the risk factor entitled, We are exposed to foreign currency exchange risks because a large portion of our revenue and cash flows is received in foreign currencies and translated to U.S. dollars for reporting purposes in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In December 2022, we purchased a 12-month foreign currency exchange option to sell Swiss Francs and purchase U.S. Dollars to hedge the anticipated proceeds from the sale of our business in Switzerland. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 A portion of our long-term debt bears interest at variable rates, and as a result, our financial results are affected by changes in interest rates. As interest rates have continued to rise this year, we have seen an increase in our weighted average cost of debt from 5.6 at December 31, 2021 to 7.1 at December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 34 of our aggregate principal amount of long-term debt bore interest at floating rates. Assuming the current level of borrowings and a 100 basis point increase in LIBOR, it is estimated that our interest expense for 2022 would have increased by 19.7 million. If further increases in interest rates materially affect interest expense, Company management may take actions to mitigate our exposure. However, due to the uncertainty of the actions that would be taken and their possible effects, the preceding interest rate sensitivity analysis assumes no such actions. Further, the analysis does not consider the effects of the change in the level of overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. 
 In connection with the phasing-out of LIBOR, which will no longer be published after June 2023, we amended our Term Loan Facility in February 2023 to replace the LIBOR reference rate with SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment. We are continuing to work with the administrative agents of our Revolving Credit Facility and Receivables-Based Credit Facility to agree on replacement rates for those agreements. At this time, we do not expect the replacement of LIBOR to result in a material impact to our financial results. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Inflation is a factor in the economies in which we do business, and we continue to seek ways to mitigate its effect. Current heightened levels of global inflation may result in higher costs and decreased margins and earnings. Inflation has affected our performance in 2022, resulting in higher costs for employees, electricity, materials and equipment. Although the exact impact of inflation is indeterminable, we believe we have partially offset these higher costs by increasing the effective advertising rates for most of our out-of-home displays, and to date, we have not suffered material impacts from the heightened levels of global inflation. In addition, our site leases, which are long-term in nature, are less impacted by short-term swings in inflation. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 56 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Loss 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 62 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements: Note 1. Description of Business 
 63 
 Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 64 
 Note 3. Segment Data 
 71 
 Note 4. Cost-Savings Initiatives 
 73 
 Note 5. Revenue 
 75 
 Note 6. Long-Term Debt 
 77 
 Note 7. Leases 
 83 
 Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies 
 84 
 Note 9. Income Taxes 
 86 
 Note 10. Property, Plant and Equipment 
 89 
 Note 11. Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 90 
 Note 12. Asset Retirement Obligations 
 91 
 Note 1 3 . Stockholders Deficit 
 92 
 Note 1 4 . Employee Benefit Plans 
 94 
 Note 1 5 . Other Information 
 99 
 Note 1 6 . Held for Sale 
 102 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of loss, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders' deficit and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)2 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets - Permits Description of the Matter As described in Notes 2 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, prior to the fourth quarter the Company accounted for its permits as indefinite lived. Management conducted its annual impairment test for indefinite-lived permits at the market level as of July 1, 2022, but also performed an interim test during the second quarter of 2022 due to events and circumstances present at that time that indicated that the carrying value of the indefinite-lived permits at certain markets may have been impaired. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company concluded that the permits should no longer have an indefinite useful life and the Company tested its permits for impairment immediately prior to the change in useful life. As a result of the interim impairment test, the Company recognized an impairment charge of 21.8 million during the second quarter of 2022. No impairments were recognized as a result of the annual impairment test or the test performed during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Auditing management s impairment tests for indefinite-lived permits was complex and highly judgmental and required the involvement of a valuation specialist due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived permits. In estimating the fair value of these assets, management made certain key assumptions that were applied to the valuation model, including the discount rate, revenue growth rates and profit margin expectations. These assumptions are sensitive to and affected by expected future market, industry or economic conditions, including the impact of COVID-19. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding of, evaluated the design of and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls that address the risk of material misstatement related to the valuation of the indefinite-lived permits. This included testing internal controls over management s development and review of key assumptions applied to the valuation model, such as testing the internal controls related to the Company s forecasting process used to develop the estimated future cash flows. We also tested internal controls over management s review of the data inputs underlying the assumptions used in the valuation model. 
 To test the estimated fair value of the Company s indefinite-lived permits, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company's selection of the valuation methodology, evaluating the methods and significant assumptions used by management, and evaluating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the significant assumptions and estimates. We compared the projected cash flows to the Company s historical cash flows and other available industry and market forecast information, including third-party industry projections for the advertising industry. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in reviewing the valuation methodology and the discount rate. We also performed sensitivity analyses of certain significant assumptions to evaluate the changes to the fair value of the indefinite-lived permits. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2005. 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses Other current assets Assets held for sale Total Current Assets PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Structures, net Other property, plant and equipment, net INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL Permits Other intangible assets, net Goodwill OTHER ASSETS Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total Assets CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current operating lease liabilities Accrued interest Deferred revenue Current portion of long-term debt Liabilities held for sale Total Current Liabilities NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES Long-term debt Non-current operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities, net Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Noncontrolling interest Common stock, par value per share: shares authorized and shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock and shares held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 ) ) Total Stockholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Operating expenses: Direct operating expenses (1) 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses (1) 
 Corporate expenses (1) 
 Depreciation and amortization Impairment charges Other operating expense (income), net ) ) Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit Consolidated net loss ) ) ) Less amount attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net loss attributable to the Company ) ) ) Net loss attributable to the Company per share of common stock basic and diluted 
 (1) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss attributable to the Company ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Reclassification adjustments ) ) ) Other adjustments to comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Less amount attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company ) ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 (In thousands, except share data) Non-controlling Interest Controlling Interest Total Common Shares Issued Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Balances at December 31, 2019 
 ) ) ) ) Adoption of ASU 2016-13, Credit Losses 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Release of stock awards and exercise of stock options ) ) Share-based compensation Payments to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Clear Media disposition ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Other ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Release of stock awards and exercise of stock options ) ) ) Share-based compensation Payments to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Release of stock awards and exercise of stock options ) ) ) Share-based compensation Payments to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Consolidated net loss ) ) ) Reconciling items: Depreciation, amortization and impairment charges Non-cash operating lease expense Loss on extinguishment of debt Deferred taxes ) ) ) Share-based compensation Amortization of deferred financing charges and note discounts Credit loss expense (reversal) ) Gain on disposal of operating and other assets, net ) ) ) Foreign exchange transaction loss (gain) ) Other reconciling items, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of Clear Media disposition: Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable ) ) Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other operating assets ) ) Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses Decrease in operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued interest ) Increase (decrease) in deferred revenue ) Decrease in other operating liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Asset acquisitions ) ) ) Net proceeds from disposal of assets Other investing activities, net ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Draws on credit facilities Payments on credit facilities ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Payments on long-term debt ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental Disclosures: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 1 
 reportable segments: Americas, which consisted of operations primarily in the United States U.S. ), and Europe, which consisted of operations in Europe and Singapore. The Company s remaining operating segments of Latin America and China (prior to its sale on April 28, 2020) did not meet the quantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments and were disclosed as Other. 
 The Company changed segments during the fourth quarter of 2022 to reflect changes in the way the business is managed and resources are allocated by the Company s chief operating decision maker CODM ). Effective December 31, 2022, the Company has reportable segments: America, which consists of operations in the U.S. excluding airports; Airports, which includes revenue from U.S. and Caribbean airports; Europe-North, which consists of operations in the United Kingdom U.K. ), the Nordics and several other countries throughout northern and central Europe; and Europe-South, which consists of operations in France, Switzerland, Spain and Italy. The Company s remaining operations in Latin America and Singapore are disclosed as Other. Refer to Note 3 for additional details. 
 Recent Developments 
 COVID-19 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization categorized coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 as a pandemic. In response, the Company took certain actions to strengthen its financial position and support the continuity of its platform and operations, as follows: 
 The Company renegotiated contracts with landlords and municipalities to better align fixed site lease expenses with reductions in revenue and also received COVID-19-related rent assistance from certain government entities. Where applicable, the Company has applied the April 2020 supplemental Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB staff guidance regarding accounting for rent concessions resulting from COVID-19. The Company recognized reductions of fixed rent payments on lease and non-lease contracts due to rent abatements of million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which was partially offset by variable rent expense. Negotiated deferrals of rent payments did not result in a reduction of rent expense. 
 In 2022, government assistance for COVID-19 relief comprised million of the total rent abatements recognized, including million provided to our U.S. airports and million provided by various government entities in Europe. 
 The Company received European governmental support and wage subsidies in response to COVID-19 of million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These subsidies have been recorded as reductions in compensation and rent costs within direct operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses as appropriate. Additionally, in 2022, the Company received million of property tax reliefs from the U.K. government, which have been recorded as a reduction in direct operating expenses. 
 The Company implemented restructuring plans to reduce headcount and incurred costs pursuant to these plans of million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Refer to Note 4 for additional details. 
 In June 2021, one of the Company s subsidiaries in Europe borrowed million, or approximately million at current exchange rates, through a state-guaranteed loan program established in response to COVID-19. Refer to Note 6 for additional details. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million based on exchange rates at the time of the agreement. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval, receipt of a customary tax ruling with respect to a transaction-related reorganization and other customary closing conditions and is expected to close in the second or third quarter of 2023, depending on satisfaction of the conditions to closing. Assets and liabilities of the Company s business in Switzerland are presented as held for sale on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 16 for additional details. 
 On April 28, 2020, the Company tendered its stake in Clear Media Limited Clear Media ), a former indirect, non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company based in China, pursuant to a voluntary conditional cash offer made by and on behalf of Ever Harmonic Global Limited Ever Harmonic ), and on May 14, 2020, the Company received million in cash proceeds from the sale of its shares in Clear Media. The Company recognized a gain on the sale of Clear Media of million, which is recorded within Other operating expense (income), net on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Loss for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 NOTE 2 

64 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, including million related to Clear Media. The Company performed its expected credit loss calculation separately by segment based on historical accounts receivable write-offs, including consideration of then-existing economic conditions and COVID-19. 
 Accounts Receivable Policies 
 Accounts receivable are recorded when the Company has an unconditional right to payment, either because it has satisfied a performance obligation prior to receiving payment from the customer or has a non-cancelable contract that has been billed in advance in accordance with the Company s normal billing terms. 
 Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount, net of allowances for credit losses. The Company evaluates the collectability of its accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. In circumstances where it is aware of a specific customer s inability to meet its financial obligations, it records a specific reserve to reduce the amounts recorded to what it believes will be collected. For all other customers, the Company applies historical write-off rates, net of recoveries, to outstanding accounts receivable balances by aging bucket to determine the expected credit loss. Credit loss expense (reversal) related to accounts receivable was million, ) million, and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The increase in credit loss expense in 2020 was primarily due to COVID-19, and we experienced a net credit loss reversal in 2021 related to our recovery from COVID-19. 
 The Company believes its concentration of credit risk is limited due to the large number and the geographic diversification of its customers. 
 to years 
 Furniture and other equipment to years 
 Buildings and improvements to years 
 Leasehold improvements shorter of economic life or lease term assuming renewal periods, if appropriate 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 t recognize any impairments on property, plant and equipment during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020, respectively. 
 Refer to Note 10 for additional disclosures about the Company's property, plant and equipment. 
 million, million, and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, driven by a combination of rising interest rates, inflation and reductions in projected cash flows related to the negative impacts of COVID-19. 
 to years depending upon the market. This change in accounting estimate resulted in million of amortization expense during the fourth quarter of 2022, resulting in a reduction of the same amount to consolidated net loss and a reduction of to net loss per share of common stock. The Company expects a similar impact in future quarters, assuming no material permit acquisitions or dispositions. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Refer to Note 11 for additional disclosures about the Company s permits. 
 . 
 The Company tests for possible impairment of other intangible assets whenever events and circumstances indicate that they might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying amounts. When a specific asset is determined to be unrecoverable, the cost basis of the asset is reduced to reflect the current fair market value. As a result of its impairment tests, the Company recorded million of impairment charges on its permanent easements during 2022. The Company did t recognize impairments on any other intangible assets during 2021 or 2020. 
 Refer to Note 11 for additional disclosures about the Company's other intangible assets. 
 million and million, respectively. These asset acquisitions included a combination of billboard structures, land, permits and permanent easements. Refer to Notes 10 and 11 for additional disclosures about these acquisitions. 
 million during 2020, representing the entire goodwill balance in the Company s Latin America reporting unit. goodwill impairment was recorded in 2022 or 2021. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, representing the entire goodwill balance allocated to the Europe-South reporting unit, excluding assets held for sale. 
 Refer to Note 11 for additional disclosures about the Company's goodwill. 
 years with options to renew, and rental payments generally escalate at a defined rate. Land leases are typically paid in advance for periods ranging up to months, although some of our international land leases are paid in advance for longer periods or in arrears. Certain of the Company's street furniture contracts also meet the definition of an operating lease. Most international street furniture display faces are operated through contracts with municipalities, which typically have terms ranging up to years. 
 Operating leases are reflected on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as Operating lease right-of-use assets, and the related short-term and long-term liabilities are included within Current operating lease liabilities and Non-current operating lease liabilities, respectively. Right-of-use ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at lease commencement based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term, and lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company s finance leases are included within Property, plant and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the related short-term and long-term liabilities are included within Current portion of long-term debt and Long-term debt, respectively. Expenditures for maintenance are charged to operations as incurred. 
 Certain of the Company s operating lease agreements include rental payments that are based on a percentage of revenue, and others include rental payments that are adjusted periodically for inflationary changes. Percentage rent contracts, in which lease expense is calculated as a percentage of advertising revenue, and payments due to changes in inflationary adjustments are included within variable rent expense, which is accounted for separately from periodic straight-line lease expense. Amounts related to insurance and property taxes in lease arrangements when billed on a pass-through basis are allocated to the lease and non-lease components of the lease based on their relative standalone selling prices. The Company is commonly assessed VAT on its international contracts, which is treated as a non-lease component. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Refer to Note 7 for additional disclosures about the Company s operating leases. 
 years, and the interest rate used to calculate the present value of such costs over the retirement period is based on an estimated risk-adjusted credit rate for the same period. 
 When the liability is recorded, the cost is capitalized as part of the related advertising structure s carrying value. Over time, accretion of the liability is recognized as an operating expense, and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the expected useful life of the related asset. 
 Refer to Note 12 for additional disclosures about the Company s asset retirement obligations. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The Company also generates revenue from production and creative services, which are distinct from the advertising display services, and related revenue is recognized at the point in time the Company installs the advertising copy at the display site. 
 The Company recognizes revenue in amounts that reflect the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods or services to customers, excluding sales taxes and other similar taxes collected on behalf of governmental authorities (the transaction price ). When this consideration includes a variable amount, the Company estimates the amount of consideration it expects to receive and only recognizes revenue to the extent that it is probable it will not be reversed in a future reporting period. Because the transfer of promised goods and services to the customer is generally within a year of scheduled payment from the customer, the Company is not typically required to consider the effects of the time value of money when determining the transaction price. Advertising revenue is reported net of agency commissions. 
 In order to appropriately identify the unit of accounting for revenue recognition, the Company determines which promised goods and services in a contract with a customer are distinct and are therefore separate performance obligations. If a promised good or service does not meet the criteria to be considered distinct, it is combined with other promised goods or services until a distinct bundle of goods or services exists. 
 For revenue arrangements that contain multiple distinct goods or services, the Company allocates the transaction price to these performance obligations in proportion to their relative standalone selling prices. The Company has concluded that the contractual prices for the promised goods and services in its standard contracts generally approximate management s best estimate of standalone selling price as the rates reflect various factors such as the size and characteristics of the target audience, market location and size, and recent market selling prices. However, where the Company provides customers with free or discounted services as part of contract negotiations, management uses judgment to determine how much of the transaction price to allocate to these performance obligations. 
 The Company receives payments from customers based on billing schedules that are established in its contracts, and deferred revenue is recorded when payment is received from a customer before the Company has satisfied the performance obligation or a non-cancelable contract has been billed in advance in accordance with the Company s normal billing terms. America and Airports contracts are generally billed monthly in advance, and contracts related to our international businesses include a combination of advance billings and billings upon completion of service. 
 Refer to Note 5 for additional disclosures about the Company s revenue. 
 Contract Costs 
 Incremental costs of obtaining a contract primarily relate to sales commissions, which are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Loss and are generally commensurate with sales. These costs are generally expensed when incurred because the period of benefit is one year or less. 
 
 Refer to Note 13 for additional disclosures about the Company s share-based compensation cost. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Refer to Note 9 for additional disclosures about the Company s income taxes. 
 
 reportable segments: America, Airports, Europe-North and Europe-South. The Company's remaining operations in Latin America and Singapore are disclosed as Other. While each segment provides out-of-home advertising to customers using various digital and traditional display types, they vary based on geographic area of operations and, in some cases, the form of display: 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Airports Europe-North Europe-South Other (1) 
 Total Capital Expenditures America Airports Europe-North Europe-South Other (1) 
 Corporate Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA America Airports Europe-North Europe-South ) ) Other (1) 
 ) Total 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Less reconciling items: Corporate expenses (2) 
 Depreciation and amortization Impairment charges Restructuring and other costs (3) 
 Other operating expense (income), net ) ) Interest expense, net Other reconciling items (4) 
 Consolidated net loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 (1) Other includes the Company's operations in Latin America, Singapore and, for periods prior to the disposition of the Company's stake in Clear Media on April 28, 2020, China. Refer to Note 1 for additional details related to this disposition. 
 (2) Corporate expenses include expenses related to infrastructure and support, including information technology, human resources, legal, finance and administrative functions of each of the Company s reportable segments, as well as overall executive, administrative and support functions. Share-based payments and certain restructuring and other costs are recorded in corporate expenses. 
 (3) The restructuring and other costs line item in this reconciliation excludes those restructuring and other costs related to corporate functions, which are included with the Corporate expenses line item. 
 (4) Other reconciling items includes Loss on extinguishment of debt and Other expense (income), net. 
 
 NOTE 4 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses Total charges, net Costs incurred (reversed) in Europe-South segment, net: Direct operating expenses ) Selling, general and administrative expenses Total charges, net 
 As of December 31, 2022, the remaining liability related to these restructuring plans was million. The Company expects to pay most of this balance by the end of the second quarter of 2023. The following table presents changes in the liability balance during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 (In thousands) America Airports Europe-North Europe-South Other Corporate Total Liability balance as of December 31, 2019 Costs incurred (1) 
 Costs paid or otherwise settled ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Liability balance as of December 31, 2020 
 Costs incurred (1) 
 Costs paid or otherwise settled ) ) ) ) ) ) Liability balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Costs incurred (reversed), net (1) 
 ) Costs paid or otherwise settled ) ) Foreign currency impact ) ) Liability balance as of December 31, 2022 

Other Restructuring Costs 
 million and million in Europe-North and Corporate, respectively; in 2021, the Company recognized additional restructuring costs of million and million in Europe-North and Corporate, respectively; and in 2020, the Company recognized additional restructuring costs of million, million and million in Europe-North, Other and Corporate, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining liability related to these cost-savings initiatives was approximately million and is expected to be paid through the first half of 2023. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 5 
 Europe (2) 
 Other (3) 
 Total Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 U.S. (1) 
 Europe (2) 
 Other (3) 
 Total Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 U.S. (1) 
 Europe (2) 
 Other (3) 
 Total 
 (1) U.S. revenue, which also includes revenue derived from airport displays in the Caribbean, is comprised of revenue from the Company s America and Airports segments. 
 (2) Europe revenue is comprised of revenue from the Company s Europe-North and Europe-South segments. Europe total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes revenue from France of million, million and million, respectively. 
 (3) Other includes the Company s businesses in Latin America, Singapore and, for periods prior to the disposition of the Company s stake in Clear Media on April 28, 2020, China. Other total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020 includes revenue from Latin America and Singapore of million. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Ending balance Deferred revenue from contracts with customers Beginning balance Ending balance 
 (1) The ending balances as of December 31, 2022 exclude accounts receivable and deferred revenue from contracts with customers that are held for sale. 
 (2) The increases in the accounts receivable and deferred revenue balances from contracts with customers in 2021 were driven by higher sales and billings related to our continued recovery from COVID-19. 
 (3) The decreases in the accounts receivable and deferred revenue balances from contracts with customers in 2020 were driven by the sale of Clear Media and lower sales and billings related to COVID-19. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively, the Company recognized million, million and million of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue from contracts with customers balance at the beginning of the respective year. 
 The Company s contracts with customers generally have terms of one year or less; however, as of December 31, 2022 , the Company expected to recognize million of revenue in future periods for remaining performance obligations from current contracts with customers that have an original expected duration greater than one year, with the majority of this amount to be recognized over the next . 
 Revenue from Leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 (1) Excludes future lease payments to be received by the Company s business in Switzerland, which is held for sale at December 31, 2022. 
 Note that the future lease payments disclosed are limited to the non-cancelable period of the lease and, for contracts that require the customer to pay a significant fee to terminate the contract such that the customer is considered reasonably certain not to exercise this option, periods beyond the termination option. Payments scheduled for periods beyond a termination option are not included for contracts that allow cancellation by the customer without a significant fee. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 6 
 Revolving Credit Facility Receivables-Based Credit Facility Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings Senior Secured Notes Due 2027 
 Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings Senior Notes Due 2028 (2) 
 Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings Senior Notes Due 2029 (3) 
 Clear Channel International B.V. Senior Secured Notes Due 2025 
 Other debt (4) 
 Original issue discount ) ) Long-term debt fees ) ) Total debt Less: Current portion Total long-term debt 
 (1) During 2022, the Company paid million of the outstanding principal on the term loan facility Term Loan Facility in accordance with the terms of the senior secured credit agreement governing the senior secured credit facilities Senior Secured Credit Facilities ), which consist of the Term Loan Facility and the revolving credit facility Revolving Credit Facility ). 
 (2) On February 17, 2021, the Company issued billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2028. On March 4, 2021, the Company used the net proceeds from this issuance to cause Clear Channel Worldwide Holdings, Inc. CCWH ), a subsidiary of the Company, to redeem million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2024 CCWH Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 
 (3) On June 1, 2021, the Company issued billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2029. On June 16, 2021, the Company used the net proceeds from this issuance to cause CCWH to redeem all of the outstanding million aggregate principal amount of its CCWH Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 
 (4) Other debt includes finance leases and various borrowings utilized for general operating purposes, including a state-guaranteed loan with a third-party lender of million, or approximately million at current exchange rates. In April 2022, as permitted under the terms of the loan agreement, the Company elected to extend the loan s maturity date to June 29, 2027, with quarterly principal repayments of million due beginning in September 2023. This loan did not originally bear interest, but effective June 29, 2022, the annual interest rate is . Additionally, in June 2022, the Company paid a fee relating to the state guarantee equal to of the outstanding amount of the loan. Effective June 29, 2022, the annual cost of the state guarantee is of the outstanding loan amount through June 29, 2024 and of the outstanding loan amount for the remainder of the loan term. 
 As a result of the CCWH Senior Notes redemptions described in the footnotes to the above table, the Company recognized debt extinguishment losses of million during 2021. 
 The aggregate market value of the Company s debt based on market prices for which quotes were available was approximately billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Under the fair value hierarchy established by ASC Section 820-10-35, the inputs used to determine the market value of the Company s debt are classified as Level 1. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
 On August 23, 2019, the Company and the guarantors thereof entered into a credit agreement (the Senior Secured Credit Agreement with Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, the syndication agent party thereto, the co-documentation agents party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and the joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners party thereto. The Senior Secured Credit Agreement governs the Company s Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of million. 
 The Company is the borrower under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. The Revolving Credit Facility includes sub-facilities for letters of credit and for short-term borrowings referred to as the swing line borrowings. In addition, the Senior Secured Credit Agreement provides that the Company may request at any time, subject to customary and other conditions, incremental term loans or incremental revolving credit commitments. The lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are not under any obligation to provide any such incremental loans or commitments, and any such addition of or increase in loans will be subject to certain customary conditions precedent and other provisions. 
 Interest Rate and Fees 
 Prior to February 20, 2023, existing borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement bore interest at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Rate (as defined therein) plus, at the Company s option, either (a) a base rate equal to the highest of: (1) the Federal Funds Rate plus , (2) the rate of interest in effect for such date as publicly announced from time to time by the administrative agent as its prime rate, and (3) the Eurocurrency rate that would be calculated as of such day in respect of a proposed Eurocurrency rate loan with a one-month interest period plus ; or (b) a Eurocurrency rate that is equal to the LIBOR rate as published by Bloomberg two business days prior to the commencement of the interest period until the end of the current interest period. 
 Effective February 20, 2023, new borrowings or the continuation of existing borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Rate (as defined therein) plus, at the Company s option, either (a) a base rate equal to the highest of: (1) the Federal Funds Rate plus , (2) the rate of interest in effect for such date as publicly announced from time to time by the administrative agent as its prime rate, and (3)(i) for borrowings under the Term Loan Facility, Term SOFR plus an adjustment (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus , or (ii) for borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Eurocurrency rate that would be calculated as of such day in respect of a proposed Eurocurrency rate loan with a one-month interest period plus ; (b) a Eurocurrency rate that is equal to the LIBOR rate as published by Bloomberg two business days prior to the commencement of the interest period; or (c) Term SOFR plus the relevant Term SOFR Adjustment (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement). 
 Amortization and Maturity 
 The term loans under the Term Loan Facility amortize in equal quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount equal to of the original principal amount of such term loans, with the balance being payable on August 23, 2026. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on August 23, 2024. 
 Prepayments 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain customary mandatory prepayments, including with respect to excess cash flow, asset sale proceeds and proceeds from certain incurrences of indebtedness. The Company may voluntarily repay outstanding loans under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities at any time after the anniversary of the closing of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities without premium or penalty, other than customary breakage costs with respect to LIBOR loans. 
 Guarantees and Security 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facilities are guaranteed by certain existing and wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of the Company. All obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the guarantees of those obligations are secured by a perfected first priority security interest in all of the Company s and the guarantors assets securing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities on a pari passu basis with the liens on such assets (other than the assets securing the Company s Receivables-Based Credit Facility) (such assets, other than accounts receivable and certain other assets, the CCOH Senior Secured Notes Priority Collateral and a perfected second priority security interest in all of the Company s and the guarantors assets securing the Receivables-Based Credit Facility on a first-priority basis (the ABL Priority Collateral and, together with the CCOH Senior Secured Notes Priority Collateral, the CCOH Senior Secured Notes Collateral ). 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 to 1.00 if the balance of the Revolving Credit Facility is greater than and undrawn letters of credit exceed million. 
 The Senior Secured Credit Agreement also includes negative covenants that, subject to significant exceptions, limit the Company s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness; create liens on assets; engage in mergers, consolidations, liquidations and dissolutions; sell assets; pay dividends and distributions or repurchase capital stock; make investments, loans, or advances; prepay certain junior indebtedness; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; enter into agreements that restrict its restricted subsidiaries ability to make distributions; and amend or waive organizational documents. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 Receivables-Based Credit Facility 
 On August 23, 2019, concurrently with the entry into the Senior Secured Credit Agreement, the Company entered into a receivables-based credit agreement (the Receivables-Based Credit Agreement with Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender and L/C issuer, the other lenders and L/C issuers party thereto, the joint lead arrangers and bookrunners party thereto and the co-documentation agents party thereto. The Receivables-Based Credit Agreement governs the Company s Receivables-Based Credit Facility. 
 The Company and certain of its subsidiaries are borrowers under the Receivables-Based Credit Facility. The Receivables-Based Credit Facility includes sub-facilities for letters of credit and for short-term borrowings referred to as the swing line borrowings. In addition, the Receivables-Based Credit Agreement provides that the Company has the right at any time, subject to customary conditions, to request incremental commitments on terms set forth in the Receivables-Based Credit Agreement. 
 Size and Availability 
 The Receivables-Based Credit Agreement provides for an asset-based revolving credit facility, with amounts available from time to time (including in respect of letters of credit) equal to the lesser of (i) the borrowing base, which equals of the eligible accounts receivable of the borrower and the subsidiary borrowers, subject to customary eligibility criteria minus any reserves, and (ii) the aggregate revolving credit commitments. The aggregate revolving credit commitments are million. 
 Interest Rate and Fees 
 Borrowings under the Receivables-Based Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Rate (as defined therein) plus, at the Company s option, either (1) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such date as publicly announced from time to time by the administrative agent as its prime rate, (c) the Eurocurrency rate that would be calculated as of such day in respect of a proposed Eurocurrency rate loan with a one-month interest period plus and (d) , or (2) a Eurocurrency rate equal to the LIBOR rate as published by Bloomberg two business days prior to the commencement of the interest period. 
 In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the Receivables-Based Credit Agreement, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the Receivables-Based Credit Agreement in respect of the unutilized revolving commitments thereunder. The Company is also required to pay a customary letter of credit fee for each issued letter of credit. 
 Maturity 
 Borrowings under the Receivables-Based Credit Agreement mature, and lending commitments thereunder terminate, on August 23, 2024. 
 Prepayments 
 If at any time, the outstanding amount under the Receivables-Based Credit Agreement exceeds the lesser of (i) the aggregate amount committed by the revolving credit lenders and (ii) the borrowing base, the Company will be required to prepay first, any protective advances, and second, any outstanding revolving loans and swing line loans and/or cash collateralize letters of credit in an aggregate amount equal to such excess, as applicable. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 to 1.00 for the most recent period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended prior to the occurrence of the Covenant Trigger Period (as defined in the Receivables-Based Credit Agreement), and will be required to continue to comply with this minimum fixed charge coverage ratio for a certain period of time until borrowing availability recovers. The fixed charge coverage ratio did not apply for the four quarters ended December 31, 2022 because a Covenant Trigger Period was not in effect. 
 The Receivables-Based Credit Agreement also includes negative covenants that, subject to significant exceptions, limit the Company s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness; create liens on assets; engage in mergers, consolidations, liquidations and dissolutions; sell assets; pay dividends and distributions or repurchase capital stock; make investments, loans, or advances; prepay certain junior indebtedness; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; enter into agreements that restrict its restricted subsidiaries ability to make distributions; and amend or waive organizational documents. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the Receivables-Based Credit Agreement. 
 CCOH Senior Secured Notes Due 2027 
 On August 23, 2019, concurrently with the entry into the Senior Secured Credit Agreement and Receivables-Based Credit Facility, the Company completed the sale of million in aggregate principal amount of CCOH Senior Secured Notes (the CCOH Senior Secured Notes ). The CCOH Senior Secured Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of August 23, 2019 (the CCOH Senior Secured Notes Indenture ), among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company acting as guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and as collateral agent. 
 The CCOH Senior Secured Notes mature on August 15, 2027 and bear interest at a rate of per annum. Interest on the CCOH Senior Secured Notes is payable to the holders thereof semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year. 
 Guarantees and Security 
 The CCOH Senior Secured Notes are guaranteed fully and unconditionally on a senior secured basis by the Company s existing and future wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries that guarantee the Company s obligations under the Term Loan Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The CCOH Senior Secured Notes and the guarantees thereof are secured on a first-priority basis by security interests in the CCOH Senior Secured Notes Priority Collateral and on a second-priority basis by security interests in the ABL Priority Collateral, in each case, other than any excluded assets and subject to intercreditor agreements. 
 The CCOH Senior Secured Notes and the guarantees are general senior secured obligations of the Company and the guarantors thereof and rank pari passu in right of payment with the Company s and the guarantors existing and future senior indebtedness, including the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, the Receivables-Based Credit Facility, the CCOH Senior Notes and the CCOH Senior Notes. 
 Redemptions 
 The Company may redeem all or a portion of the CCOH Senior Secured Notes at the redemption prices set forth in the CCOH Senior Secured Notes Indenture. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Senior Notes Due 2028 
 On February 17, 2021, the Company completed the sale of billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2028 (the CCOH Senior Notes in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and to persons outside the U.S. pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. On the same date, the Company entered into an indenture, dated as of February 17, 2021 (the CCOH Senior Notes Indenture ), by and among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company acting as guarantors party thereto (collectively, the Guarantors ), and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 The CCOH Senior Notes mature on April 15, 2028 and bear interest at a rate of per annum. Interest on the CCOH Senior Notes is payable to the holders thereof semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year. 
 Guarantees and Security 
 The CCOH Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain of the Company s wholly-owned existing and future domestic subsidiaries. The CCOH Senior Notes (i) rank pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Company; (ii) are senior in right of payment to all of the future subordinated indebtedness of the Company and the Guarantors; (iii) are effectively subordinated to all of the Company s and the Guarantors existing and future indebtedness secured by a lien, to the extent of the value of such collateral; and (iv) are structurally subordinated to any existing and future obligations of any existing or future subsidiaries of the Company that do not guarantee the CCOH Senior Notes, including all of the Company s foreign subsidiaries. 
 Redemptions 
 The Company may redeem all or a portion of the CCOH Senior Notes beginning on April 15, 2024 at the redemption prices set forth in the CCOH Senior Notes Indenture. 
 Certain Covenants 
 The CCOH Senior Notes Indenture contains covenants that limit the Company s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur or guarantee additional debt or issue certain preferred stock; (ii) redeem, purchase or retire subordinated debt; (iii) make certain investments; (iv) create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts from the Company s restricted subsidiaries that are not Guarantors; (v) enter into certain transactions with affiliates; (vi) merge or consolidate with another person, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; (vii) sell certain assets, including capital stock of the Company s subsidiaries; (viii) designate the Company s subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; (ix) pay dividends, redeem or repurchase capital stock or make other restricted payments; and (x) incur certain liens. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the CCOH Senior Notes Indenture. 
 CCOH Senior Notes Due 2029 
 On June 1, 2021, the Company completed the sale of billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2029 (the CCOH Senior Notes in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to persons outside the U.S. pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. On the same date, the Company entered into an indenture, dated as of June 1, 2021 (the CCOH Senior Notes Indenture ), by and among the Company, the Guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 The CCOH Senior Notes mature on June 1, 2029 and bear interest at a rate of per annum. Interest on the CCOH Senior Notes is payable to the holders thereof semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain of the Company s wholly-owned existing and future domestic subsidiaries. The CCOH Senior Notes (i) rank pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Company; (ii) are senior in right of payment to all of the future subordinated indebtedness of the Company and the Guarantors; (iii) are effectively subordinated to all of the Company s and the Guarantors existing and future indebtedness secured by a lien, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt; and (iv) are structurally subordinated to any existing and future obligations of any existing or future subsidiaries of the Company that do not guarantee the CCOH Senior Notes, including all of the Company s foreign subsidiaries. 
 Redemptions 
 The Company may redeem all or a portion of the CCOH Senior Notes at the redemption prices set forth in the CCOH Senior Notes Indenture. 
 Certain Covenants 
 The CCOH Senior Notes Indenture contains covenants that limit the Company s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur or guarantee additional debt or issue certain preferred stock; (ii) redeem, purchase or retire subordinated debt; (iii) make certain investments; (iv) create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts from the Company s restricted subsidiaries that are not Guarantors; (v) enter into certain transactions with affiliates; (vi) merge or consolidate with another person, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; (vii) sell certain assets, including capital stock of the Company s subsidiaries; (viii) designate the Company s subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; (ix) pay dividends, redeem or repurchase capital stock or make other restricted payments; and (x) incur certain liens. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the CCOH Senior Notes Indenture. 
 CCIBV Senior Secured Notes Due 2025 
 On August 4, 2020, Clear Channel International B.V. CCIBV ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the CCIBV Senior Secured Notes ). The CCIBV Senior Secured Notes were issued under an indenture, dated as of August 4, 2020 (the CCIBV Senior Secured Notes Indenture ), among CCIBV, the CCIBV Guarantors (as defined below), U.S. Bank National Association as trustee, paying agent, registrar, authentication agent and transfer agent, and U.S. Bank Trustees Limited as security agent. 
 The CCIBV Senior Secured Notes mature on August 1, 2025 and bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year. 
 Guarantees and Security 
 The CCIBV Senior Secured Notes are guaranteed by certain of CCIBV's existing and future subsidiaries (collectively, the CCIBV Guarantors ). The Company does not guarantee the CCIBV Senior Secured Notes. 
 The CCIBV Senior Secured Notes and certain of the guarantees (the secured guarantees are secured by pledges over (i) the capital stock and material bank accounts of CCIBV and certain of its indirect subsidiaries and (ii) the net intercompany balance by and between the parent holding company of CCIBV and CCIBV subject to certain conditions as set forth in the CCIBV Senior Secured Notes Indenture. The CCIBV Senior Secured Notes and secured guarantees rank, in right of payment, pari passu to unsubordinated indebtedness and senior to subordinated indebtedness of CCIBV and the Guarantors, as applicable, and rank, in right of security, senior to unsecured and junior lien indebtedness of CCIBV and the Guarantors, as applicable, to the extent of the value of the assets that constitute collateral. 
 Redemptions 
 CCIBV may redeem the CCIBV Senior Secured Notes at its option, in whole or part, at the redemption prices set forth in the CCIBV Senior Secured Notes Indenture. 
 Certain Covenants 
 The CCIBV Senior Secured Notes Indenture contains covenants that limit CCIBV's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) pay dividends, redeem stock or make other distributions or investments; (ii) incur additional debt or issue certain preferred stock; (iii) transfer or sell assets; (iv) create liens on assets; (v) engage in certain transactions with affiliates; (vi) create restrictions on dividends or other payments by the restricted subsidiaries; and (vii) merge, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of CCIBV's assets. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (1) 
 
 (1) Excludes original issue discount and long-term debt fees of million and million, respectively, which are amortized through interest expense over the life of the underlying debt obligations 
 Letters of Credit, Surety Bonds and Guarantees 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of letters of credit outstanding under its Revolving Credit Facility, resulting in million of remaining excess availability, and million of letters of credit outstanding under its Receivables-Based Credit Facility, resulting in million of excess availability. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 , the Company had million and million of surety bonds and bank guarantees outstanding, respectively, a portion of which was supported by million of cash collateral. These letters of credit, surety bonds and bank guarantees relate to various operational matters, including insurance, bid, concession and performance bonds, as well as other items. 
 
 NOTE 7 
 Variable lease expense 
 The following table provides the weighted-average remaining lease term and the weighted-average discount rate for the Company's operating leases as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 
 December 31, 
 2022 (1) 
 December 31, 2021 Operating lease weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Operating lease weighted-average discount rate 
 (1) Excludes operating leases of the Company s business in Switzerland, which is held for sale at December 31, 2022. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Effect of discounting ) Total operating lease liability 
 (1) Excludes future maturities of operating leases of the Company s business in Switzerland, which is held for sale at December 31, 2022. 
 Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets (1) 
 
 (1) Includes new leases entered into in each respective year presented. 
 
 NOTE 8 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 (1) Excludes future minimum payments related to the Company s business in Switzerland, which is held for sale at December 31, 2022. 
 Refer to Note 7 for the Company s future maturities of operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are involved in certain legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business and, as required, have accrued an estimate of the probable costs for the resolution of those claims for which the occurrence of loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. These estimates have been developed in consultation with counsel and are based upon an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. It is possible, however, that future results of operations for any particular period could be materially affected by changes in the Company s assumptions or the effectiveness of its strategies related to these proceedings. Additionally, due to the inherent uncertainty of litigation, there can be no assurance that the resolution of any particular claim or proceeding would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 
 Although the Company is involved in a variety of legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, a large portion of the Company s litigation arises in the following contexts: commercial disputes, employment and benefits related claims, land use and zoning, governmental fines, intellectual property claims and tax disputes. 
 China Investigation 
 former employees of Clear Media Limited, a former indirect, non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, have been convicted in China of certain crimes, including the crime of misappropriation of Clear Media funds, and sentenced to imprisonment. The Company is not aware of any litigation, claim or assessment pending against the Company in relation to this proceeding. 
 The Company advised both the SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice (the "DOJ") of the investigation of Clear Media and continues to cooperate with these agencies. Subsequent to the announcement that the Company was considering a strategic review of its stake in Clear Media, in March 2020, Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings received a subpoena from the staff of the SEC and a Grand Jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York, both in connection with the previously disclosed investigations. On April 28, 2020, the Company tendered the shares representing its stake in Clear Media to Ever Harmonic Global Limited, a special-purpose vehicle wholly owned by a consortium of investors, which includes the chief executive officer and an executive director of Clear Media, and on May 14, 2020, the Company received the final proceeds of the sale. In connection with the sale of its shares in Clear Media, the Company entered into an Investigation and Litigation Support Agreement with Clear Media and Ever Harmonic that required Clear Media, if requested by the SEC and/or the DOJ, to use reasonable efforts to timely provide relevant factual information to the SEC and/or the DOJ, among other obligations. The Investigation and Litigation Support Agreement expired in March 2022. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9) Current - state ) ) Current - foreign ) ) Total current benefit (expense) ) ) Deferred - federal Deferred - state Deferred - foreign ) Total deferred benefit Income tax benefit 
 In 2022, the Company recognized a current tax expense of million, compared to current tax benefit of million in 2021 and current tax expense of million in 2020. The current tax expense for 2022 was primarily related to increased taxable income in various foreign tax jurisdictions compared to 2021. Current taxes in 2020 were primarily attributed to the million of current tax expense related to the sale of the Company s stake in Clear Media. 
 In 2022, the Company recognized a deferred tax benefit of million, compared to million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The deferred tax benefit for 2022 was primarily driven by a partial release of the U.S valuation allowance due to the Company s assessment of its deferred tax liabilities associated with billboard permits that will reverse in the future, thereby generating future taxable income for realization of U.S deferred tax assets. Prior to 2022, permits were treated as indefinite-lived intangible assets and were not amortized for financial reporting purposes. Refer to Note 2 for more information on the change in accounting estimate related to amortization of the Company s permits. The foregoing deferred tax benefit was partially offset by million of deferred tax expense arising from the Company s execution of a definitive agreement to sell its business in Switzerland. In connection with the anticipated sale of its Swiss subsidiary, the Company recorded a U.S deferred tax liability of million and a corresponding reduction in valuation allowance of million. 
 The deferred tax benefits for 2021 and 2020 were primarily driven by impairment charges on the Company s then-indefinite-lived permits, which resulted in a reduction in the associated deferred tax liability without a corresponding change in valuation allowance. In 2020, this was partially offset by million of deferred tax expense related to the sale of the Company s stake in Clear Media. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Intangibles assets (1) 
 Fixed assets Investment in foreign subsidiaries Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets: Operating lease liabilities Net operating loss carryforwards (2) 
 Interest expense carryforwards (3) 
 Accrued expenses Stock-based compensation expense (4) 
 Credit loss provision Pension plans Other Total deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance (5) 
 Net deferred tax assets (6) 
 Net deferred tax liabilities 
 (1) The deferred tax liabilities associated with intangible assets primarily relate to the differences in the financial reporting and tax basis of permits, permanent easements and tax-deductible goodwill. The Company categorizes permanent easements and goodwill as indefinite-lived intangible assets and therefore does not amortize its financial reporting basis in these assets. As a result, the deferred tax liability associated with these indefinite-lived intangible assets will not reverse over time unless the Company recognizes future impairment charges or sells these intangible assets. 
 (2) At December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded deferred tax assets for net operating loss carryforwards (tax-effected) for federal and state income tax purposes of million. The Company s federal and certain state net operating losses carry forward indefinitely without expiration, while the remaining state net operating loss carryforwards expire in various amounts through 2042. At December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded million (tax-effected) of deferred tax assets for foreign net operating loss carryforwards, the majority of which may be carried forward without expiration. 
 (3) Section 163(j) of the Internal Revenue Code generally limits the deduction for business interest expense to of adjusted taxable income and provides that any disallowed interest expense may be carried forward indefinitely. In applying the rules under Section 163(j), the Company made the election to be considered an operator of a real property trade or business and recorded a carryforward deferred tax asset for federal and state purposes related to interest expense limitations on its non-real property assets. 
 (4) Full realization of the deferred tax assets related to stock-based compensation expense under ASC Subtopic 718-10 requires stock options to be exercised at a price equaling or exceeding the sum of the grant price plus the fair value of the option at the grant date and restricted stock to vest at a price equaling or exceeding the fair market value at the grant date. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the stock price of the Company s common stock will rise to levels sufficient to realize the entire deferred tax benefit currently reflected in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. See Note 13 for additional discussion of ASC Subtopic 718-10. 
 (5) Due to the Company s evaluation of all available evidence, including significant negative evidence of cumulative losses in the related jurisdictions, the Company continues to record valuation allowances on deferred tax assets that are not expected to be realized. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had valuation allowances of million recorded against a portion of its federal and state deferred tax assets and million recorded against its deferred tax assets in foreign jurisdictions. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Effective Tax Rate) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 State income taxes, net of federal tax effect Foreign income taxes ) ) ) ) ) ) Nondeductible items ) ) ) ) ) Changes in valuation allowance and other estimates ) ) ) ) Investment in foreign subsidiaries ) ) Other, net ) Income tax benefit 
 The Company recorded tax benefit of million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The effective tax rate of in 2022 was primarily driven by a reduction in the valuation allowance due to the classification change of permit intangible assets from indefinite-lived to finite-lived for financial reporting purposes, partially offset by deferred tax expense recorded as a result of entering into a definitive agreement to sell the Company s business in Switzerland, as previously described. 
 The effective tax rates of and in 2021 and 2020, respectively, were largely impacted by the valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets resulting from losses and interest expense carryforwards in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions due to uncertainty regarding the Company's ability to realize those assets in future periods. Additionally, during 2020, the Company recorded tax expense of million as a result of the sale of the Company s stake in Clear Media, with a net impact of million after offset of the valuation allowance. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Increases for tax position taken in the current year Increases for tax positions taken in previous years Decreases for tax position taken in previous years ) ) Decreases due to settlements with tax authorities ) ) Decreases due to lapse of statute of limitations (1) 
 ) ) Liabilities held for sale (2) 
 ) Balance at end of period 
 (1) All federal income tax matters through 2018 are closed. Substantially all material state, local, and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2007. 
 (2) Unrecognized tax benefits related to the Company s business in Switzerland have been reclassified as held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 16 for additional information. 
 The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in current income tax expense. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of interest accrued was million and million, respectively, resulting in total unrecognized tax benefits, including accrued interest and penalties, of million and million, respectively. 
 The unrecognized tax benefits, net of deposits on account with taxing authorities, are reflected on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows: million and million is included in Other long-term liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, million and million of unrecognized tax benefits are netted with the Company s deferred tax assets for its net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 and 2021 that, if recognized, would impact the effective income tax rate was million and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 10 
 Furniture and other equipment Land, buildings and improvements Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment, gross Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Asset Acquisitions 
 During 2022, the Company acquired billboard structures and land of million and million, respectively, as part of asset acquisitions. During 2021, the Company acquired billboard structures and land of million and million, respectively, as part of asset acquisitions. 
 Depreciation 
 Total depreciation expense related to property, plant and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 11 
 ) Transit, street furniture and other outdoor contractual rights ) ) Permanent easements Trademarks ) ) Other ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 (1) During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company concluded that due to changes in facts and circumstances, billboard permits, which were previously classified as indefinite-lived, are finite-lived and began to amortize permits on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. 
 Asset Acquisitions 
 During 2022, the Company acquired permits and permanent easements of million and million, respectively, as part of asset acquisitions. During 2021, the Company acquired permits, permanent easements and contractual rights of million, million and million, respectively, as part of asset acquisitions. 
 Impairment Charges 
 As described in Note 2, the Company performs its annual impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets as of July 1 of each year and more frequently as events or changes in circumstances warrant. As a result of these tests, the Company recognized total impairment charges on its then-indefinite-lived permits of million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The impairment charge in 2022 was due to rising interest rates and inflation, and the impairment charges in 2021 and 2020 were due to increases in the discount rate and expected negative financial statement impacts from COVID-19, respectively. Additionally, the Company s annual impairment test as of July 1, 2022 resulted in an impairment charge of million related to its permanent easements. The Company did t recognize impairments on any other intangible assets during 2021 or 2020. 
 Amortization 
 Total amortization expense related to finite-lived intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Foreign currency ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Held for sale ) ) Impairment ) ) Foreign currency ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 (1) 
 
 (1) The balance at December 31, 2020 is net of cumulative impairments of billion for America, million for Europe-North, million for Europe-South and million for Other. 
 Impairment Charges 
 As described in Note 2, the Company performed its annual impairment test for goodwill as of July 1, 2022, which did not result in any goodwill impairment. 
 Related to the planned disposal of the Company s business in Switzerland, the Company allocated a portion of Europe s goodwill balance to its Switzerland component based on the relative fair values of this component and the portion of the Europe reporting unit that will be retained. 
 Additionally, in conjunction with the Company s change to its reportable segments effective December 31, 2022, as described in Note 1, the Company tested its goodwill for impairment immediately before and after the segment change. The testing performed on the Company s historical reporting units prior to the reallocation of goodwill did not identify impairment; however, the testing performed on the new reporting units subsequent to the reallocation resulted in an impairment charge of million, representing the entire goodwill balance allocated to the Europe-South reporting unit, excluding assets held for sale. 
 Due to the negative financial statement impacts of COVID-19, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million during 2020, representing the entire goodwill balance in the Company's Latin America business. The Company concluded goodwill impairment was required in 2021. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 Additions and adjustments due to changes in estimates Accretion of liability Liabilities settled ) ) Foreign currency ) ) Liabilities held for sale (1) 
 ) Ending balance 
 (1) The asset retirement obligation related to the Company s business in Switzerland has been reclassified as held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 16 for additional information. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 13 
 shares available for issuance under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, assuming a 100 payout of the Company s outstanding performance stock units. 
 Share-Based Compensation Expense 
 Share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 
 Performance stock units Stock options and other Total share-based compensation expense 
 The tax benefit related to the share-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements that will vest based on service conditions. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately . 
 Restricted Stock Units and Awards 
 The Company grants both restricted stock units RSUs and restricted stock awards RSAs under its equity incentive plan. RSUs generally represent the right to receive shares upon vesting or, in some instances, may be settled in cash equal to the fair market value of the number of vested shares at the election of the compensation committee of the Board of Directors, and generally vest ratably in annual increments over a period. RSAs represent shares of common stock that contain a legend which restricts their transferability for a term of up to . Both RSUs and RSAs are forfeited, except in certain circumstances, in the event the employee terminates his or her employment or relationship with the Company prior to the lapse of the restriction or prior to vesting. 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 (1) The weighted-average grant-date fair value of the Company s RSUs and RSAs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and per share, respectively. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 performance period. If the Company achieves Relative TSR at the 90 th percentile or higher, the PSUs will be earned at of the target number of shares; if the Company achieves Relative TSR at the 60 th percentile, the PSUs will be earned at of the target number of shares; and if the Company achieves Relative TSR at the 30 th percentile, the PSUs will be earned at of the target number of shares. To the extent Relative TSR is between achievement levels, the portion of the PSUs that is earned will be determined using straight-line interpolation. PSUs, which are considered market-condition awards pursuant to ASC Topic 260, are measured at the grant-date fair value based on a Monte Carlo simulation model as of the grant date. 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 (1) The weighted-average grant-date fair value of the Company s PSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and per share, respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 The Company has historically granted options to purchase shares of its common stock to certain employees and directors of the Company and its affiliates under its equity incentive plan at no less than the fair value of the underlying stock on the date of grant. These options were granted for a term not exceeding , are generally forfeited in the event the recipient terminates his or her employment or relationship with the Company or one of its affiliates, and vest solely on continued service over a period of up to . The equity incentive plan contains anti-dilutive provisions that permit an adjustment for any change in capitalization. 
 The Company accounts for its share-based payments using the fair value recognition provisions of ASC Subtopic 718-10. The fair value of each option awarded was estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model and amortized straight-line to expense over the vesting period. The Company does not estimate forfeitures at grant date, but rather elected to account for forfeitures when they occur. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 years Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 years Exercisable years Expected to vest (1) 
 years 
 (1) The weighted-average grant date fair value of these unvested shares is per share. 
 Computation of Net Loss per Share) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Net loss attributable to the Company per share of common stock: Basic Diluted ) ) ) 
 Outstanding equity awards of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because to do so would have been anti-dilutive. 

94 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 14 
 of the employee s first of pay contributed to the plan, up to a maximum match of per year. Employees vest in these Company matching contributions based upon their years of service to the Company. The Company recorded contributions to this plan of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as a component of operating expenses. 
 The Company s international employees participate in retirement plans administered as a service by third-party administrators. The Company recorded contributions to these plans of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as a component of operating expenses. 
 Defined-Benefit Pension Plans 
 The Company also maintains defined-benefit pension plans for employees in certain of the Company s international markets. Benefits under the defined-benefit pension plans are typically based either on years of service and the employee s compensation (generally during a fixed number of years immediately before retirement) or on annual credits. The range of assumptions used for the defined-benefit pension plans reflects the different economic environments within the various countries. 
 Net Periodic Pension Cost (Benefit) 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial losses Amortization of prior service costs ) ) ) Settlement loss Curtailment/forfeiture gain (1) 
 ) ) Total net periodic pension cost (benefit) ) ) 
 (1) In 2021, some of the Company s defined-benefit pension plans were curtailed related to the Company s restructuring plan to reduce headcount in its Europe segment, resulting in a curtailment gain. 
 The service cost component of net periodic pension cost (benefit) is reported in Direct operating expenses and Selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Loss, and the remaining components of net periodic pension cost (benefit) are reported in Other income (expense), net , unless otherwise noted. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Service cost Interest cost Contributions by plan participants Actuarial gain (1) 
 ) ) Foreign exchange impact ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Plan amendments (2) 
 ) Plan curtailment/forfeitures (3) 
 ) ) Liabilities held for sale (4) 
 ) Ending balance, projected benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets: Beginning balance, fair value of plan assets Actual return (loss) on plan assets ) Foreign exchange impact ) ) Contributions by Company Contributions by plan participants Benefits paid ) ) Assets held for sale (4) 
 ) Ending balance, fair value of plan assets Under-funded status, net (5) 
 ) ) 
 (1) The actuarial gains in 2022 and 2021 represent the decrease to the projected benefit obligation resulting from changes in the actuarial assumptions used, primarily an increased discount rate. 
 (2) In 2021, the Company amended one of its defined-benefit pension plans, resulting in a decrease to the projected benefit obligation. 
 (3) In 2021, some of the Company s defined-benefit pension plans were curtailed related to the Company s restructuring plan to reduce headcount in Europe, resulting in a decrease to the projected benefit obligation. 
 (4) The projected benefit obligation and plan assets related to the Company s business in Switzerland have been reclassified as held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 16 for additional information. 
 (5) Represents the net under-funded status of the Company s defined-benefit pension plans. The related liability or asset for each plan, dependent upon whether it is under-funded or fully funded, is recorded within Other long-term liabilities or Other assets, respectively, on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, reported in Other assets. 
 The accumulated benefit obligation is the present value of benefits earned to date, assuming no future salary increases. The aggregate accumulated benefit obligation for the Company s defined-benefit pension plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate accumulated benefit obligation for the defined-benefit pension plans exceeded plan assets. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Net actuarial loss (gain) arising during the period ) Amortization of net actuarial loss ) ) ) Amortization of prior service costs Plan amendments during the period ) Other adjustments ) ) Ending balance, accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the total change in Other comprehensive income (loss) related to the impact of pensions on deferred income tax liabilities was ) million, million and ) million, respectively. 
 The following table presents the amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss that have not yet been recognized as components of net periodic pension cost (benefit): 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Unrecognized net actuarial loss Unrecognized prior service cost ) ) ) Total 
 Assumptions Used 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected long-term rates of return on plan assets - 
 - 
 - 
 Rates of compensation increase - 
 - 
 - 
 Weighted-average assumptions used to measure projected benefit obligation: Discount rates - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected long-term rates of return on plan assets - 
 - 
 - 
 Rates of compensation increase - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Discount Rates 
 The discount rate assumptions for jurisdictions for which rates are not determined by the government reflect the yields available on high-quality, fixed income debt instruments at the measurement date. A portfolio of high-quality corporate bonds is used to construct a yield curve. The cash flows from the Company s expected benefit obligation payments are then matched to the yield curve to derive the discount rates. In certain countries, where the markets for high-quality long-term bonds are not generally as well developed, a portfolio of long-term government bonds is used as a base, to which a credit spread is added to simulate corporate bond yields at these maturities in the jurisdiction of each plan, as the benchmark for developing the respective discount rates. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Credit instruments Equity securities Real estate Fixed income: Corporate bonds Insurance contracts Fair value of plan assets (In thousands) December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 (1) 
 Level 2 (2) 
 Level 3 Cash and short-term investments Credit instruments Equity securities Real estate Fixed income: Corporate bonds Insurance contracts Fair value of plan assets 
 (1) Assets categorized as Level 1 are measured at fair value using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. 
 (2) Assets categorized as Level 2 are measured at fair value using inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable for the assets, either directly or indirectly. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 (1) Excludes expected benefit payments related to the Company s business in Switzerland, which is held for sale at December 31, 2022. 
 Plan Contributions 
 It is the Company s general practice to fund amounts for pensions sufficient to meet the minimum requirements set forth in applicable employee benefits laws and local tax laws. From time to time, the Company contributes additional amounts as it deems appropriate. The Company contributed million, million and million to its defined-benefit pension plans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 15 
 Cash and cash equivalents included in Assets held for sale Restricted cash included in: Other current assets Assets held for sale Other assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in the Statements of Cash Flows 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Accrued employee compensation and benefits Accrued taxes Accrued other Total accrued expenses 
 Consolidated Statements of Loss) ) Equity in earnings of nonconsolidated affiliates Other (1) 
 ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) 
 (1) In 2021, other income was primarily comprised of gains related to our defined-benefit pension plans for employees, described further in Note 14. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, or million. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval, receipt of a customary tax ruling with respect to a transaction-related reorganization and other customary closing conditions and is expected to close in the second or third quarter of 2023, depending on satisfaction of the conditions to closing. 
 Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses Other current assets Structures, net Other property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Assets held for sale Liabilities classified as held for sale: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Liabilities held for sale 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not Applicable 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and reliability of financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any control system, however well designed, including the possibility of human error and the possible circumvention or overriding of controls. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. The design of a control system also is based in part upon assumptions and judgments made by management about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that a control will be effective under all potential future conditions. As a result, even an effective system of internal control over financial reporting can provide no more than reasonable assurance with respect to the fair presentation of financial statements and the processes under which they were prepared. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on the assessment, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on those criteria. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in this Item under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of loss, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)2 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 San Antonio, Texas 
 February 28, 2023 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not Applicable 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item with respect to our executive officers can be found under the caption Information About Our Executive Officers in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct applies to all of our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Code of Conduct is publicly available on our internet website at www.clearchanneloutdoor.com. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements of Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Conduct that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer and relates to any element of the definition of code of ethics set forth in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K by posting such information on our website, www.clearchanneloutdoor.com. 
 All other information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The following table summarizes information as of December 31, 2022 relating to our equity compensation plans pursuant to which grants of options, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other rights to acquire shares may be granted from time to time. 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Column (A) (1) 
 Weighted-Average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (2) 
 Number of Securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (A)) (1) 
 Equity Compensation Plans approved by security holders (3) 
 27,933,495 (4) 
 5.56 27,095,736 Equity Compensation Plans not approved by security holders Total 27,933,495 5.56 27,095,736 
 (1) The amounts provided in this column are based on the maximum number of securities that could be issued based on the terms of the performance awards, while the amounts presented in Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements assume a 100 payout of the performance awards granted. 
 (2) The weighted-average exercise price is calculated based solely on the exercise prices of the outstanding options and does not reflect the shares that will be issued upon the vesting of outstanding awards of RSUs or PSUs, which have no exercise price. 
 (3) Represents the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan and the 2012 Second Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan. The 2005 Stock Incentive Plan automatically terminated (other than with respect to outstanding awards) upon stockholder approval of the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 18, 2012, and, as a result, there are no shares available for grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 (4) This number includes shares subject to outstanding awards granted, of which 3,438,943 shares are subject to outstanding options, 13,149,312 shares are subject to outstanding time-based RSUs and 11,345,240 shares are subject to outstanding PSUs, assuming a maximum level of performance is achieved. This number does not include 73,222 shares subject to outstanding restricted share awards. 
 All other information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

106 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)1. Financial Statements. 
 The following consolidated financial statements are included in Item 8: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (a)2. Financial Statement Schedule. 
 The following financial statement schedule for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and related report of independent auditors is filed as part of this report and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements. 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted. 
 
 ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 (1) The Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, as of January 1, 2020, which resulted in an increase in the allowance for credit losses balance, recorded as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. 
 (2) Other primarily includes foreign currency adjustments and divestiture activity related to the sale of the Company s stake in Clear Media in 2020 and the Company s definitive agreement to sell its business in Switzerland in 2022. 
 Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 
 (In thousands) Charges Balance at to Costs, Balance Beginning Expenses at end of Description of Period and other (1) 
 Reversal (2) 
 Adjustments (3) 
 Period Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 (1) The Company has recorded valuation allowances on deferred tax assets attributable to net operating losses in certain jurisdictions due to uncertainty of its ability to utilize these assets in future periods. During 2022, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of million related to foreign deferred tax assets. 
 (2) The Company reverses valuation allowances on deferred tax assets in the period in which, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax asset will be realized. In 2022, this was primarily driven by the classification change of permit intangible assets from indefinite-lived to finite-lived for financial reporting purposes. 
 (3) The Company has adjusted certain valuation allowances as a result of changes in tax rates in certain jurisdictions, the expiration of carryforward periods for net operating loss carryforwards, and foreign exchange rate movements. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 (a)3. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended Certificate of Incorporation of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2019). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2019). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designation of Series A Perpetual Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2019). 
 3.4 Certificate of Designations of Series B Preferred Stock of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2020). 
 4.1 Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020) 
 4.2 Indenture with respect to 5.125 Senior Secured Notes due 2027, dated as of August 23, 2019, by and among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and as collateral agent, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2019). 
 4.3 Form of 5.125 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2019). 
 4.4 Indenture with respect to 6.625 Senior Secured Notes due 2025, dated as of August 4, 2020, by and among Clear Channel International B.V., the guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, paying agent, registrar, authentication agent and transfer agent, and U.S. Bank Trustees Limited, as security agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2020). 
 4.5 Form of 6.625 Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2020). 
 4.6 Indenture with respect to 7.750 Senior Notes due 2028, dated as of February 17, 2021, by and among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2021). 
 4.7 Form of 7.750 Senior Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2021). 
 4.8 Indenture with respect to 7.500 Senior Notes due 2029, dated as of June 1, 2021, by and among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2021). 
 4.9 Form of 7.500 Senior Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2021). 
 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2019, by and among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., as the borrower, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, the syndication agent party thereto, the co-documentation agents party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and the joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners for the Term B Facility and Revolving Credit Facility party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2019). 
 10.2 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2020, among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., the other loan parties thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2020). 
 10.3 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2021, among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., the other loan parties thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021). 
 10.4 Technical amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2021, among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., the lenders from time to time party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on Febr uary 24, 2022) . 
 10.5 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2023, among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., the other loan parties thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.6 First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2019, by and among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., as borrower, the subsidiaries of the borrower from time to time party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Credit Agreement Secured Parties, U.S. Bank National Association, as Notes Collateral Agent, as the Additional Collateral Agent and as Notes Trustee, and each additional authorized representative from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2019). 
 10.7 ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2019, by and among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., as the parent borrower, the subsidiaries listed therein, as borrowers, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, collateral agent, swingline lender and L/C issuer, the other lenders and L/C issuers party thereto, the joint lead arrangers and bookrunners party thereto and the co-documentation agents party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2019). 
 10.8 ABL Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2019, by and among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., as parent borrower, the grantors from time to time party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as ABL Agent and as Cash Flow Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as Notes Collateral Agent, and each additional fixed assets debt agent from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2019). 
 10.9 Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2015 Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for its 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed March 31, 2015). 
 10.10 Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2015 Supplemental Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for its 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed March 31, 2015). 
 10.11 Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the CCOH 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-181514) filed on May 18, 2012). 
 10.12 Form of Option Agreement under the CCOH 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015). 
 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the CCOH 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015). 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the CCOH 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015). 
 10.15 Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2006 Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on April 9, 2012). 
 10.16 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the CCOH 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, dated September 17, 2009, between C. William Eccleshare and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010). 
 10.17 Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement under the CCOH 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, dated as of August 11, 2011, between C. William Eccleshare and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2011). 
 10.18 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the CCOH 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, dated December 13, 2010, between C. William Eccleshare and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010). 
 10.19 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the CCOH 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, dated December 20, 2010, between C. William Eccleshare and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010). 
 10.20 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the CCOH 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, dated July 26, 2012, between C. William Eccleshare and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 27, 2012). 
 10.21 Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on April 19, 2017). 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.22 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Cliff Vesting) under the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2017). 
 10.23 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Cliff Vesting) under the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2017). 
 10.24 Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2012 Second Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for its 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on March 17, 2021). 
 10.25 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2019, by and among iHeartMedia, Inc., iHeartCommunications, Inc., iHeart Operations, Inc., Clear Channel Holdings, Inc., Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., and Clear Channel Outdoor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2019). 
 10.26 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2021, by and between Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. and C. William Eccleshare (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2021). 
 10.27 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2021, by and between Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. and Scott Wells (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2021). 
 10.28 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2019, by and between Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. and Brian D. Coleman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2019). 
 10.29 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2022, by and between Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. and Jason A. Dilger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2022). 
 10.30 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2022, by and between Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. and Lynn Feldman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2022). 
 10.31 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Clear Channel Holdings, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-228986) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2019). 
 10.32 Stock Option Agreement under the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan, by and between C. William Eccleshare and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2019). 
 10.33 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. filed on October 21, 2019). 
 10.34 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. filed on October 21, 2019). 
 10.35 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan, by and between C. William Eccleshare and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2019). 
 10.36 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Cash Settle Option) under the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. filed on October 23, 2020). 
 21 Subsidiaries. 
 23 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 
 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL). 
 _________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 This exhibit is furnished herewith and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None 

111 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 28, 2023 CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. By: /s/ Scott R. Wells 
 Scott R. Wells President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 Name Title Date /s/ Scott R. Wells 
 Scott R. Wells 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 /s/ Brian D. Coleman 
 Brian D. Coleman 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 28, 2023 /s/ Jason A. Dilger 
 Jason A. Dilger 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 28, 2023 /s/ John Dionne 
 John Dionne 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ Lisa Hammitt 
 Lisa Hammitt 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ Andrew Hobson 
 Andrew Hobson 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ Thomas C. King 
 Thomas C. King 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ Joe Marchese 
 Joe Marchese 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ W. Benjamin Moreland 
 W. Benjamin Moreland 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ Mary Teresa Rainey 
 Mary Teresa Rainey 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ Jinhy Yoon 
 Jinhy Yoon 
 Director February 28, 2023 
 112 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 exhibit105-ccoh2022.htm
 EX-10.5

exhibit105-ccoh2022 

EXECUTION VERSION THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT THIS THIRD AMENDMENT, dated as of February 20, 2023 (this Amendment ), to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2019, by and among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., as borrower (the Borrower ), the several lenders from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders ), Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as Administrative Agent Administrative Agent ), and as Collateral Agent and each other party party thereto (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2020, the Second Amendment, dated as of May 5, 2021, and as may hereafter be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement and as thereafter amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent has determined that the administrator of LIBOR (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which LIBOR will no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans (and that there is no successor administrator that will continue publication of LIBOR) (the Benchmark Replacement Statement WHEREAS, Section 3.02 of the Existing Credit Agreement provides that in the event that the Administrative Agent determines that a Benchmark Replacement Statement has been made, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall endeavor to establish an alternate rate of interest (the Alternate Rate to the Eurocurrency Rate (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) and shall enter into an amendment (the Benchmark Replacement Amendment to the Existing Credit Agreement to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such other related changes; WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have agreed to establish Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) as the Alternate Rate applicable to the Term B Loans; WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 3.02 of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Benchmark Replacement Amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to the Existing Credit Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days of the date notice of the Alternate Rate is provided to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders with respect to the Term Loans stating that such Required Lenders object to such amendment; WHEREAS, this Amendment was posted to the Lenders on February 12, 2023 (the Benchmark Replacement Notice Date NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and in reliance on the representations, warranties and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. Amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement. (a) Subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment and the Existing Credit Agreement, on and effective on and as of the Benchmark Replacement Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), (i) the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text) as set forth on Annex A hereto (the Existing Credit Agreement, as so amended, the Amended Credit Agreement and (ii) Exhibit B to the #96525782v12 Exhibit 10.1 

2 #96525782v12 Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text) as set forth on Annex B hereto (Exhibit B to the Existing Credit Agreement, as so amended, the Amended Exhibit B to Credit Agreement ). SECTION 2. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective on the date (such time and date, the Benchmark Replacement Amendment Effective Date each of the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied (or waived): 2.1 The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from the Borrower and each other Loan Party either (x) a counterpart of this Amendment signed on behalf of such party or (y) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Amendment) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Amendment; 2.2 The Administrative Agent has posted this Amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower and the Administrative Agent has not received, by 11:59 pm (New York City time) on February 17, 2023, written notice of objection to such Amendment from Lenders comprising Required Lenders with respect to the Term Loans; 2.3 The Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent all expenses due and payable on or prior to the Benchmark Replacement Amendment Effective Date (including in Section 4 hereof) to the extent invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Benchmark Replacement Amendment Effective Date (or such shorter period reasonably agreed by the Borrower). SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that (a) the Borrower has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Amendment, (b) the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment (1) are within the Borrower s corporate or other powers, (2) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action and (3) do not contravene the terms of the Borrower s organizational documents, (c) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and (d) this Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity. SECTION 4. Costs and Expenses. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that its payment obligations set forth in Section 10.04 of the Existing Credit Agreement include the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and any other documentation contemplated hereby, including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees and disbursements of Davis Polk Wardwell LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent. SECTION 5. Ratification. The Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, and the other Loan Documents remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and affirmed as of the date hereof. This Amendment shall be limited precisely as written and, except as expressly provided herein, shall not be deemed (i) to be a consent granted pursuant to, or a waiver, modification or forbearance of, any term or condition of the Existing Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the instruments or agreements referred to in any thereof or a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, whether or not known to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders, or (ii) to prejudice any right or remedy which the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders may now have or 

3 #96525782v12 have in the future against any Person under or in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein or any of the transactions contemplated thereby. SECTION 6. Reaffirmation of the Loan Parties. Each Loan Party party hereto hereby consents to the amendment of the Existing Credit Agreement effected hereby and confirms and agrees as of the date hereof that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Amendment, each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party is, and the obligations of such Loan Party contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, this Amendment or in any other Loan Document to which it is a party are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed as of the date hereof in all respects, in each case as amended by this Amendment. For greater certainty and without limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party party hereto hereby confirms that the existing guarantees and/or security interests granted by such Loan Party in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to the Loan Documents in the Collateral described therein shall continue to secure the obligations of the Loan Parties under the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as and to the extent provided in the Loan Documents. SECTION 7. Modifications. Neither this Amendment, nor any provision hereof, may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the parties hereto. SECTION 8. References. Each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference in each other Loan Document (and the other documents and instruments delivered pursuant to or in connection therewith) to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof , therein or words of like import, shall mean and be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement as modified hereby and as each may in the future be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document. SECTION 9. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed by the parties hereto individually or in combination, in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page by telecopier or electronic mail (in a .pdf format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper- based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. SECTION 10. Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. SECTION 11. Severability. If any provision of this Amendment shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or enforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions of this Amendment in any jurisdiction. 

4 #96525782v12 SECTION 12. Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN OR THEREIN). SECTION 13. Headings. Section headings in this Amendment are included for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. [The remainder of this page left blank intentionally] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC., as Borrower By: Name: Brian D. Coleman Title: Chief Financial Officer For purposes of Section 6, only: CLEAR CHANNEL ADSHEL, INC. CLEAR CHANNEL ELECTRICAL SERVICES, LLC CLEAR CHANNEL IP, LLC CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS COMPANY CANADA CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR, LLC CLEAR CHANNEL WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS, INC. EXCEPTIONAL OUTDOOR, INC. GET OUTDOORS FLORIDA, LLC IN - TER - SPACE SERVICES, INC. OUTDOOR MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. UNIVERSAL OUTDOOR, INC. 1567 MEDIA LLC CCOI HOLDCO III, LLC CCOI HOLDCO PARENT I, LLC CCOI HOLDCO PARENT II, LLC CLEAR CHANNEL METRA, LLC CLEAR CHANNEL SPECTACOLOR, LLC By: Name: Brian D. Coleman Title: Chief Financial Officer /s/ Brian D. Coleman /s/ Brian D. Coleman 

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (CCOH 2023)] DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent By: ______________________________________ Name: Title: By: ______________________________________ Name: Title: /s/ Jessica Lurario /s/ Philip Tancorra 

Annex A #96525782v12 Amended Credit Agreement See attached. 

EXECUTION VERSION ANNEX A UNOFFICIAL CONFORMED COPY (FOR REFERENCE PURPOSES ONLY) CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of August 23, 2019 as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 dated as of June 12, 2020 Amendment No. 2 dated as of May 5, 2021 Amendment No. 3 dated as of February 20, 2023 among CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. as the Borrower, DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Syndication Agent, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A and BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Co-Documentation Agents, THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., BARCLAYS BANK PLC and GOLDMAN SACHS LENDING PARTNERS, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners for the Term B Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, as Joint Bookrunner for the Term B Facility and Manager for the Revolving Credit Facility 

Table of Contents Page ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms 1 SECTION 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 6166 SECTION 1.03 Accounting Terms 6266 SECTION 1.04 Rounding 6267 SECTION 1.05 References to Agreements, Laws, Etc. 6367 SECTION 1.06 Times of Day 6367 SECTION 1.07 Timing of Payment or Performance 6367 SECTION 1.08 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents Generally 6367 SECTION 1.09 Letter of Credit Amounts 6469 SECTION 1.10 Limited Condition Transactions 6569 SECTION 1.11 Leverage Ratios 6670 SECTION 1.12 Cashless Rolls 6670 SECTION 1.13 Certain Calculations and Tests 6670 SECTION 1.14 Additional Alternative Currencies 6670 SECTION 1.15 Change of Currency 6771 SECTION 1.16 Successor Companies 6771 SECTION 1.17 Rates.. 71 ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS SECTION 2.01 The Loans 6772 SECTION 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuation of Loans. 6772 SECTION 2.03 Letters of Credit 6974 SECTION 2.04 Swingline Loans 7680 SECTION 2.05 Prepayments 7883 SECTION 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 8489 SECTION 2.07 Repayment of Loans 8590 SECTION 2.08 Interest 8590 SECTION 2.09 Fees 8691 SECTION 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 8691 SECTION 2.11 Evidence of Indebtedness 8691 SECTION 2.12 Payments Generally 8792 SECTION 2.13 Sharing of Payments 8893 SECTION 2.14 Incremental Credit Extensions 8994 SECTION 2.15 Extensions of Term Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments 9296 SECTION 2.16 Defaulting Lenders 9398 SECTION 2.17 Permitted Exchanges 95100 ARTICLE III TAXES, INCREASED COSTS PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY SECTION 3.01 Taxes 97102 SECTION 3.02 Inability to Determine Rates 100105 SECTION 3.03 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy; Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Loans 102 and SOFR Loans107 SECTION 3.04 Funding Losses 103108 -i- 

SECTION 3.05 Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation 103109 SECTION 3.06 Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances 104110 SECTION 3.07 Illegality 105111 SECTION 3.08 Survival 105111 SECTION 3.09 Benchmark Replacement Setting. 111 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS SECTION 4.01 Conditions to Initial Credit Extension 106112 SECTION 4.02 Conditions to All Credit Extensions 107114 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SECTION 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws 108115 SECTION 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention 108115 SECTION 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 108115 SECTION 5.04 Binding Effect 108115 SECTION 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 109115 SECTION 5.06 Litigation 109116 SECTION 5.07 Ownership of Property; Liens 109116 SECTION 5.08 Environmental Compliance 109116 SECTION 5.09 Taxes 110117 SECTION 5.10 Compliance with ERISA 110117 SECTION 5.11 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests 110117 SECTION 5.12 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 111117 SECTION 5.13 Disclosure 111118 SECTION 5.14 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 111118 SECTION 5.15 Solvency 111118 SECTION 5.16 Collateral Documents 111118 SECTION 5.17 Use of Proceeds 111118 SECTION 5.18 Patriot Act 112118 SECTION 5.19 Sanctioned Persons 112118 SECTION 5.20 FCPA 112119 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS SECTION 6.01 Financial Statements 112119 SECTION 6.02 Certificates; Other Information 113120 SECTION 6.03 Notices 114121 SECTION 6.04 Maintenance of Existence 115121 SECTION 6.05 Maintenance of Properties 115122 SECTION 6.06 Maintenance of Insurance 115122 SECTION 6.07 Compliance with Laws 115122 SECTION 6.08 Books and Records 115122 SECTION 6.09 Inspection Rights 115122 SECTION 6.10 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security 116123 SECTION 6.11 Use of Proceeds 118125 SECTION 6.12 Further Assurances and Post-Closing Covenants 118125 SECTION 6.13 Designation of Subsidiaries 118125 SECTION 6.14 Payment of Taxes 118125 SECTION 6.15 Maintenance of Ratings 119125 -ii- 

SECTION 6.16 Nature of Business 119125 SECTION 6.17 Fiscal Year 119126 SECTION 6.18 Lender Calls 119126 SECTION 6.19 Maintenance of REIT Status 119126 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS SECTION 7.01 Liens 119126 SECTION 7.02 Investments 123130 SECTION 7.03 Indebtedness 127133 SECTION 7.04 Fundamental Changes 130137 SECTION 7.05 Dispositions 132139 SECTION 7.06 Restricted Payments 134141 SECTION 7.07 Transactions with Affiliates 137144 SECTION 7.08 Prepayments, Etc., of Indebtedness 139146 SECTION 7.09 Financial Covenants 140147 SECTION 7.10 Amendments or Waivers of Organizational Documents 141148 SECTION 7.11 Restrictions on Subsidiaries Distributions 141148 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES SECTION 8.01 Events of Default 142149 SECTION 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 145152 SECTION 8.03 Exclusion of Immaterial Subsidiaries 145152 SECTION 8.04 Application of Funds 146152 SECTION 8.05 Right to Cure 147153 SECTION 8.06 Change of Control 148155 ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND OTHER AGENTS SECTION 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Agents 149156 SECTION 9.02 Delegation of Duties 149156 SECTION 9.03 Liability of Agents 150157 SECTION 9.04 Reliance by Agents 151158 SECTION 9.05 Notice of Default 151158 SECTION 9.06 Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by Agents 151158 SECTION 9.07 Indemnification of Agents 152159 SECTION 9.08 Agents in their Individual Capacities 152159 SECTION 9.09 Successor Agents 152159 SECTION 9.10 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding 153160 SECTION 9.11 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 154161 SECTION 9.12 Other Agents; Arrangers and Managers 156163 SECTION 9.13 Appointment of Supplemental Administrative Agents 157164 SECTION 9.14 Withholding Tax 157164 SECTION 9.15 Cash Management Obligations; Secured Hedge Agreements 158165 SECTION 9.16 [Reserved] 158165 SECTION 9.17 Certain ERISA Matters 158165 -iii- 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS SECTION 10.01 Amendments, Etc. 159166 SECTION 10.02 Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies 162169 SECTION 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 164171 SECTION 10.04 Attorney Costs and Expenses 164171 SECTION 10.05 Indemnification by the Borrower 164171 SECTION 10.06 Payments Set Aside 166173 SECTION 10.07 Successors and Assigns 166173 SECTION 10.08 Confidentiality 171178 SECTION 10.09 Setoff 172179 SECTION 10.10 Counterparts; Electronic Execution 172179 SECTION 10.11 Integration 173180 SECTION 10.12 Survival of Representations and Warranties 173180 SECTION 10.13 Severability 173180 SECTION 10.14 GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION, SERVICE OF PROCESS 173180 SECTION 10.15 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY 174181 SECTION 10.16 Binding Effect 174181 SECTION 10.17 [Reserved] 174181 SECTION 10.18 Lender Action 174181 SECTION 10.19 USA PATRIOT Act 175181 SECTION 10.20 Acceptable Intercreditor Agreements 175182 SECTION 10.21 Obligations Absolute 175182 SECTION 10.22 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 175182 SECTION 10.23 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 176183 SECTION 10.24 ABL Intercreditor Agreement; First Lien Intercreditor Agreement 176183 SECTION 10.25 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 176183 SCHEDULES 1.01A Guarantors 1.01B Excluded Subsidiaries 1.01C Unrestricted Subsidiaries 2.01 Commitments 2.03(a) Existing Letters of Credit 5.06 Litigation 5.07 Material Real Property 5.08 Environmental Compliance 5.11 Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments 6.12 Post-Closing Covenants 7.01(b) Existing Liens 7.02 Existing Investments 7.03(c) Surviving Indebtedness 7.07 Transactions with Affiliates 7.11 Restrictions on Subsidiaries Distributions 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office, Principal Office, Certain Addresses for Notices -iv- 

EXHIBITS Form of A Assignment and Assumption B Committed Loan Notice C Compliance Certificate D-1 First Lien Intercreditor Agreement D-2 Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement D-3 ABL Intercreditor Agreement E Guaranty F-1 Revolving Credit Note F-2 Term Note F-3 Swingline Note G Security Agreement H Discounted Prepayment Option Notice I Lender Participation Notice J Discounted Voluntary Prepayment Notice K United States Tax Compliance Certificates L Officer s Certificate M Holdings Covenant N Minimum Liquidity Certificate - v - 

CREDIT AGREEMENT This CREDIT AGREEMENT is entered into as of August 23, 2019, among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch DBNY ), as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender ). PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 1. The Borrower intends to (i) repay the principal, accrued and unpaid interest, fees, premium, if any, and other amounts, under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2018, among Clear Channel Outdoor, Inc., as parent borrower, the other borrowers from time to time party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified through the date hereof, the Existing Credit Facility ), and have all security interests and guarantees terminated and (ii) redeem all of (x) the Senior Unsecured Notes and (y) the CCIBV Notes (collectively, the Refinancing ). 2. The Borrower has, substantially concurrently with the entry into this Agreement, issued and sold the Senior Secured Notes, yielding up to 1,250,000,000 in gross cash proceeds and has entered into that certain ABL Credit Agreement. 3. The proceeds of the Term B Loans will be used, together with the proceeds of the Senior Secured Notes and cash on hand of the Borrower and its subsidiaries and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to consummate the Refinancing and the other Transactions. The proceeds of Revolving Credit Loans, Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including Capital Expenditures and the financing of Permitted Acquisitions. 4. The applicable Lenders have indicated their willingness to lend, and the L/C Issuer has indicated its willingness to issue Letters of Credit, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: ARTICLE I Definitions and Accounting Terms SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 2020 CCIBV Note means the Amended and Restated Loan Note, dated as of May 15, 2020, issued by Clear Channel International B.V. ABL Commitments means Commitments as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement. ABL Credit Agreement means the ABL Credit Agreement dated as of the date hereof, among the Borrower, the other borrowers named therein, the ABL Facility Administrative Agent and the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, as such agreement may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, in each case to the extent permitted hereunder and under the ABL Intercreditor Agreement and any Permitted Refinancing thereof (unless such agreement, instrument or document expressly provides that it is not intended to be and is not an ABL Credit Agreement), in each case, to the extent permitted hereunder. ABL Event of Default means Event of Default as set forth in the ABL Credit Agreement. 

ABL Facility means the collective reference to the ABL Credit Agreement, any ABL Loan Document, any notes and letters of credit issued pursuant thereto and any guarantee, security agreement, patent, trademark or copyright security agreements, mortgages, letter of credit applications and other guarantees, pledge agreements, security agreements and collateral documents, and other instruments and documents, executed and delivered pursuant to or in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, or refunded, refinanced, restructured, replaced, renewed, repaid, increased or extended from time to time, in each case to the extent permitted hereunder and under the ABL Intercreditor Agreement and any Refinancing Indebtedness thereof (unless such agreement, instrument or document expressly provides that it is not intended to be and is not an ABL Facility). ABL Facility Administrative Agent means DBNY, in its capacity as administrative agent under the ABL Credit Agreement or any successor agent under the ABL Loan Documents. ABL Financial Covenant means the covenant set forth in Section 7.09 of the ABL Credit Agreement. ABL Intercreditor Agreement means the ABL Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit D-3 among the Collateral Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent under the Senior Secured Notes, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as collateral agent under the ABL Credit Agreement, and the representatives for purposes thereof for holders of one or more other classes of Indebtedness, the Borrower and the other parties thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the requirements thereof and of this Agreement, and which shall also include any replacement intercreditor agreement entered into in accordance with the terms hereof. ABL Lenders means Lenders under the ABL Credit Agreement. ABL Loan Documents means, collectively, (i) the ABL Credit Agreement and (ii) the security documents, intercreditor agreements (including the ABL Intercreditor Agreement), guarantees, joinders and other agreements or instruments executed in connection with the ABL Facility or such other agreements, in each case, as amended, modified, supplemented, substituted, replaced, restated or refinanced, in whole or in part, from time to time including in connection with Refinancing Indebtedness of the ABL Facility. ABL Obligations means Obligations as defined in the ABL Facility. Acceptable Discount has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(d)(iii). Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement means a customary intercreditor agreement, subordination agreement, collateral trust agreement or other intercreditor arrangement (which may, if applicable, consist of a payment waterfall) in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, which shall be deemed reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders if (a) substantially in the form of the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and/or Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement or (b) it (or any material changes to any such agreement specified in clause (a) or previously entered into pursuant to clause (b)) is posted to the Platform and (i) is accepted by the Required Lenders and/or (ii) not otherwise objected to by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days of being posted. Acceptance Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(d)(ii). Accounting Changes has the meaning specified in Section 1.03(d). Acquired EBITDA means, with respect to any Acquired Entity or Business or any Converted Restricted Subsidiary for any period, the amount for such period of Consolidated EBITDA of such Acquired Entity or Business or Converted Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, all as determined on a consolidated basis for such Acquired Entity or Business or Converted Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable. 2 

Acquired Entity or Business has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Consolidated EBITDA. Additional Guarantor has the meaning specified in Section 6.10(a). Additional Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(e). Additional Revolving Credit Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Administrative Agent means, subject to Section 9.13, DBNY, in its capacity as administrative agent under the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent appointed in accordance with Section 9.09. Administrative Agent s Office means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 with respect to such currency, or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders. Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Affiliated Lender means the Borrower (or any parent entity thereof) and its Subsidiaries. After Year-End Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(i). Agent Parties has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c). Agent-Related Persons means the Agents, together with their respective Affiliates, and the partners, officers, directors, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors, other representatives and attorneys-in-fact and successors and permitted assigns of such Persons and Affiliates. Agents means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, and the Supplemental Administrative Agents (if any). Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments means the Revolving Credit Commitments of all the Revolving Credit Lenders. The amount of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments on the Closing Date is 175,000,000. Agreement means this Credit Agreement. Agreement Currency has the meaning specified in Section 1.08(f). 3 

All-In-Rate means, with respect to any Indebtedness, as of any date of determination, the sum of (i) the higher of (A) the Eurocurrency Rate (or other applicable similar rate) on such date for a deposit in U.S. Dollars with a maturity of three months and (B) the Eurocurrency Rate floor, if any, with respect thereto as of such date, (ii) the Applicable Rate (or other applicable margin) as of such date for Eurocurrency Rate Loans (or other loans that accrue interest by reference to a similar reference rate and without giving effect to any pricing step-downs) and (iii) the amount of original issue discount and upfront fees thereon (converted to yield assuming a four-year average life and without any present value discount) paid by the Borrower, but excluding the effect of any arrangement, commitment, structuring, underwriting, ticking, unused line, amendment, syndication and/or other fees payable in connection therewith by the Borrower that are, in each case, not shared generally with all lenders or holders of such Indebtedness; provided that the amounts set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above for any term loans that are not incurred under this Agreement shall be based on the applicable stated interest rate for such term loans; provided, further that the interest rate margins shall be calculated after giving effect to the then-applicable pricing level in any applicable pricing grid, which pricing level shall be determined after giving Pro Forma Effect to any Indebtedness being incurred or repaid on the date of calculation. Alternative Currency means, with respect to Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit, Euros, Canadian Dollars and Pounds Sterling, and other currencies as may be added with the consent of all Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with Section 1.14. Alternative Currency Equivalent means, with respect to an amount denominated in any Alternative Currency, such amount, and with respect to an amount denominated in Dollars or another Alternative Currency, the equivalent in such Alternative Currency of such amount determined at the Exchange Rate on the applicable Valuation Date. Anti-Corruption Laws has the meaning specified in Section 5.20. Applicable Asset Sale Proceeds has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(ii). Applicable Discount has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(d)(iii). Applicable ECF Proceeds has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(i). Applicable Lending Office means for any Lender, such Lender s office, branch or affiliate designated for Eurocurrency Rate Loans, SOFR Loans, Base Rate Loans, L/C Advances or Letters of Credit, as applicable, as notified to the Administrative Agent, any of which offices may be changed by such Lender. Applicable Percentage means, at any time (a) with respect to any Lender with a Commitment of any Class, the percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is the amount of such Lender s Commitment of such Class at such time and the denominator of which is the aggregate amount of all Commitments of such Class of all Lenders (and with respect to any Letters of Credit issued or participations purchased therein by any Revolving Credit Lender or any participations in any Swingline Loans purchased by any Revolving Credit Lender, as the context requires, the percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is the amount of such Revolving Credit Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment at such time and the denominator of which is the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Revolving Credit Lenders) (provided that (i) in the case of Section 2.16 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable Percentage with respect to any Revolving Credit Facility shall be determined by disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment under such Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) if the Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Credit Facility have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages of the Lenders under such Revolving Credit Facility shall be determined based upon the Revolving Credit Commitments most recently in effect) and (b) with respect to the Loans of any Class, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s Outstanding Amount of the Loans of such Class and the denominator of which is the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans of such Class. 4 

5 > 4.50:1.00 Applicable Rate means a percentage per annum equal to: (a) (i) on the Closing Date, (A) for Eurocurrency Rate Loans that are Term B Loans, 3.50 and (B) for Base Rate Loans that are Term B Loans, 2.50 and (ii) thereafter, (1) if the public corporate rating of the Borrower then in effect from S P is B or higher and if the public corporate family rating then in effect of the Borrower from Moody s is B2 or higher, in each case with a stable outlook or better, then (A) for Eurocurrency RateSOFR Loans that are Term B Loans, 3.25 and (B) for Base Rate Loans that are Term B Loans, 2.25 and (2) at all other times (including if the Borrower does not have a public corporate family rating from either S P or Moody s, other than as a result of the second paragraph below), (A) for Eurocurrency RateSOFR Loans that are Term B Loans, 3.50 and (B) for Base Rate Loans that are Term B Loans, 2.50 . Each change in the Applicable Rate for Term B Loans resulting from a publicly announced change in the ratings above (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of S P or Moody s) shall be effective during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof by the rating agency making such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If either the rating system of S P or Moody s shall change in a manner that directly and materially impacts the pricing set forth above, or if both S P and Moody s shall cease to be engaged in the business of rating debt, then in either such case the Borrower, Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend the references to either rating above to reflect such changed rating system or to replace such rating system with an alternative measurement scheme, as applicable, and pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the ratings of such rating agency (or both rating agencies, if applicable) most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation shall be employed in determining the Applicable Rate. (b) (i) until delivery of financial statements and a related Compliance Certificate for the first full fiscal quarter commencing after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.01, (A) for Eurocurrency Rate Loans that are Revolving Credit Loans, 3.50 , (B) for Base Rate Loans that are Revolving Credit Loans, 2.50 and (C) for Letter of Credit fees pursuant to Section 2.03(g), 3.50 per annum and (ii) thereafter, in connection with Revolving Credit Loans and Letter of Credit fees, the percentages per annum set forth in the table below, based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(a): Applicable Rate for Revolving Credit Loans 3.50 Letter of Credit Fees 2.50 3.50 Base Rate for Revolving Credit Loans II Eurocurrency Rate for Revolving Credit Loans 4.50:1.00 Pricing Level 3.25 2.25 3.25 I Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate pursuant to clause (b) above resulting from a change in the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a); provided, that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered within the time frame set forth in Section 6.02(a), the Applicable Rate set forth in Pricing Level I, in the applicable table, shall apply commencing with the first Business Day immediately following such date and continuing until the first Business Day immediately following the delivery of such Compliance Certificate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable Rate in respect of any Class of Additional Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and any Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans made pursuant to any Additional Revolving Credit Commitments First Lien Leverage Ratio 

or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be the applicable percentages per annum set forth in the relevant Incremental Facility Amendment or Extension Offer. Appropriate Lender means, at any time, (a) with respect to Loans of any Class, the Lenders of such Class, (b) with respect to any Letters of Credit, (i) the relevant L/C Issuer and (ii) the relevant Revolving Credit Lenders and (c) with respect to the Swingline Loans, (i) the Swingline Lender and (ii) the Revolving Credit Lenders. Approved Bank means a commercial bank with a consolidated combined capital and surplus of at least 5,000,000,000. Approved Currency means Dollars and any Alternative Currency. Approved Foreign Bank has the meaning specified in the definition of Cash Equivalents. Approved Fund means, with respect to any Lender, any Fund that is administered, advised or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) an Affiliate of such Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages such Lender. Asset Sale Percentage means, as of any date of determination (a) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than 4.25:1.00, 100 , (b) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 4.25:1.00 and greater than 3.75:1.00, 50 , and (c) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 3.75:1.00, 0 ; provided that, to the extent the Asset Sale Percentage is being calculated in connection with a Disposition that is a REIT Conversion Transaction, if the Total Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 5.50:1.00, the Asset Sale Percentage shall be 0 ; it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of this definition as it applies to the determination of the amount of Net Cash Proceeds required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans under Section 2.05(b) for any fiscal year, the First Lien Leverage Ratio or the Total Leverage Ratio, as applicable, shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis on the scheduled date of prepayment (after giving effect to any cash pay-down or reductions made after year-end and on or prior to the required prepayment date and the amount of Net Cash Proceeds applied as a prepayment on such date but without netting the cash proceeds of the applicable Asset Sale). Assignees has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(b)(i). Assignment and Assumption means (a) an Assignment and Assumption substantially in the form of Exhibit A and (b) in the case of any assignment of Term Loans in connection with a Permitted Exchange conducted in accordance with Section 2.17, such form of assignment (if any) as may have been requested by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.17(a)(viii) or, in each case, any other form (including electronic documentation generated by Clearpar or other electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. Attorney Costs means and includes all reasonable and documented fees, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external legal counsel. Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2018. Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii). 6 

Available Amount means, at any time (the Available Amount Reference Time ), without duplication, an amount (which shall not be less than zero) equal to the sum of: (a) the greater of (x) 275,000,000 and (y) 45.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, plus: (b) 50 of Consolidated Net Income for the period from the first day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower during which the Closing Date occurred to and including the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower prior to the Available Amount Reference Time (the amount under this clause (b), the Growth Amount provided that the Growth Amount shall not be less than zero; plus (c) the amount of any capital contributions (including mergers or consolidations that have a similar effect, with the amount of any non-cash contributions made in connection therewith being determined based on the fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) thereof) or Net Cash Proceeds from any Permitted Equity Issuance (or issuance of debt securities that have been converted into or exchanged for Qualified Equity Interests) (other than any Cure Amount, Cure Amount (as defined in the ABL Facility), or any other capital contributions or equity or debt issuances to the extent utilized in connection with other transactions permitted pursuant to Section 7.02, Section 7.03, Section 7.06 or Section 7.08) received by or made to the Borrower during the period from and including the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Available Amount Reference Time; plus (d) the aggregate amount of Retained Declined Proceeds and Specified Asset Sale Proceeds during the period from the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Available Amount Reference Time; plus (e) to the extent not (i) already included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) already reflected as a return of capital or deemed reduction in the amount of such Investment pursuant to clauses (f), (g), (h) or (i) of this definition or any other provision of Section 7.02, the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and other cash distributions received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any Unrestricted Subsidiary, JV Entity or minority Investment during the period from the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Available Amount Reference Time; plus (f) to the extent not (i) already included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, (ii) already reflected as a return of capital or deemed reduction in the amount of such Investment pursuant to clauses (e), (g), (h) or (i) of this definition or any other provision of Section 7.02, or (iii) used to prepay Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(b)(ii), the aggregate amount of all cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with (x) the sale, transfer or other disposition of its direct or indirect ownership interest (including Equity Interests) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary, JV Entity or minority Investment or (y) the sale, transfer or other disposition of any assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary, JV Entity or minority Investment, in each case, from the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Available Amount Reference Time; plus (g) to the extent not (i) already included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) already reflected as a return of capital or deemed reduction in the amount of such Investment pursuant to clauses (e), (f), (h) or (i) of this definition or any other provision of Section 7.02, the aggregate amount of all cash or Cash Equivalent interest, returns of principal, cash repayments and similar payments received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any Unrestricted Subsidiary, JV Entity or minority Investment, from the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Available Amount Reference Time in respect of Loans or advances made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to such Unrestricted Subsidiary, JV Entity or minority Investment; plus 7 

(h) to the extent not (i) already included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) already reflected as a return of capital or deemed reduction in the amount of such Investment pursuant to clauses (e), (f), (g) or (i) of this definition or any other provision of Section 7.02, (1) an amount equal to any returns in cash and Cash Equivalents (including dividends, interest, distributions, returns of principal, sale proceeds, repayments, income and similar amounts) actually received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of any Investments pursuant to Section 7.02; provided that with respect to Investments made under Section 7.02(n), in no case shall such amount exceed the amount of such Investment made using the Available Amount pursuant to Section 7.02(n) and (2) the fair market value of any Unrestricted Subsidiary which is re-designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or merged, liquidated, consolidated or amalgamated into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, from the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Available Amount Reference Time; minus (i) the aggregate amount of (i) any Investments made pursuant to Section 7.02(n) (net of any return of capital in respect of such Investment or deemed reduction in the amount of such Investment, including, without limitation, upon the redesignation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or the sale, transfer, lease or other disposition of any such Investment), (ii) the initial principal amount of any Indebtedness incurred prior to such time pursuant to Section 7.03(v) (net of any forgiveness of principal of such Indebtedness by the lender thereof), (iii) any Restricted Payment made pursuant to Section 7.06(k) and (iv) any payments made pursuant to Section 7.08(a)(iii)(B), in each case, during the period commencing on the Closing Date through and including the Available Amount Reference Time (and, for purposes of this clause (i), without taking account of the intended usage of the Available Amount at such Available Amount Reference Time). Available Amount Reference Time has the meaning specified in the definition of Available Amount. Availability Period means, with respect to any Revolving Credit Facility, the period from the Closing Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date for such Revolving Credit Facility and the date of termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments under such Revolving Credit Facility in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.10(d). Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended. 8 

Barclays means Barclays Bank PLC. Base Rate means (i) with respect to any Revolving Credit Loans, a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the highest of: (a) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by DBNY as its prime rate (b) of 1.00 per annum above the Federal Funds Rate; (c) 0.00 per annum; and (d) the Eurocurrency Rate for Dollar deposits for a one month Interest Period on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1.00 ; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Eurocurrency Rate for any day shall be based on the Bloomberg screen page at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time on such day (without any rounding). (ii) with respect to any Term B Loan, a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the highest of: (a) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by DBNY as its prime rate (b) of 1.00 per annum above the Federal Funds Rate; (c) 0.00 per annum; and (d) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00 . Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, respectively. The prime rate is a rate set by DBNY based upon various factors including DBNY s costs, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by DBNY shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Base Rate. Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . Benchmark means, with respect to any Term Loan or Term Borrowing, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.9(a). Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event or Other Benchmark Rate Election, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: (a) the sum of (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) 0.26161 ; or 9 

(b) the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark, for any Term Loan or Term Borrowing with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark with respect to any SOFR Loan or Term Borrowing: (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date; or (c) in the case of an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Other Benchmark Rate Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Other Benchmark Rate Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Other Benchmark Rate Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event means, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark with respect to Term Loans or Term Borrowings: 10 

(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Term Loan or Term Borrowing, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.10 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.09. Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning specified in Section 10.25(b). Billboard means any outdoor display used to advertise products and services, including all billboards, transit displays, mall displays, parking garage displays, electronic displays and related structures and any ownership or leasehold interests in any of the foregoing. Billboard Collateral means all of the Borrower and any Loan Party s interest in and to any Billboard, including any such interest which is or becomes so related to any real property that an interest in any such Billboard arises under the real property law of the state in which such Billboard is situated. 11 

Bona Fide Lending Affiliate means, with respect to any Competitor, any debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated lending entity (in each case, other than a Person separately identified to the Lead Arrangers in writing on or prior to August 1, 2019) that is (i) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and (ii) managed, sponsored or advised by any Person that is controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Competitor or Affiliate thereof, as applicable, but only to the extent that no personnel involved with the investment in such Competitor or affiliate thereof, as applicable, (x) makes (or has the right to make or participate with others in making) investment decisions on behalf of such debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated lending entity or (y) has access to any information (other than information that is publicly available) relating to the Borrower or any entity that forms a part of its businesses (including any of its Subsidiaries or parent entities). Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. Borrowing means Loans of the same Class, Type and currency, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. Borrowing Minimum means (a) with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, 1,000,000 and (b) with respect to Base Rate Loans, 100,000. Borrowing Multiple means 100,000. Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the state where the Administrative Agent s office is located are authorized or required by law to remain closed, or are in fact closed; provided that when used in connection with a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollar deposits in the London interbank market. Canadian Dollars means the lawful money of Canada. Capital Expenditures means, for any period, the aggregate of, without duplication, (a) all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including Capitalized Research and Development Costs and Capitalized Software Expenditures) by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be included as additions during such period to property, plant or equipment reflected in the consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (b) Capitalized Lease Obligations incurred by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period. Capitalized Lease Obligation means, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a Capitalized Lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) prepared in accordance with GAAP. Capitalized Leases means all leases that are required to be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases; provided that for all purposes hereunder the amount of obligations under any Capitalized Lease shall be the amount thereof accounted for as a liability in accordance with GAAP; provided that all obligations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are or would be characterized as an operating lease as determined in accordance with GAAP as in effect on December 15, 2018 (whether or not such operating lease was in effect on such date) shall continue to be accounted for as an operating lease (and not as a Capitalized Lease) for purposes of this Agreement regardless of any change in GAAP following December 15, 2018 (or any change in the implementation in GAAP for future periods that are contemplated as of December 15, 2018) that would otherwise require such obligation to be recharacterized as a Capitalized Lease. 12 

Capitalized Research and Development Costs means research and development costs that are required to be, in accordance with GAAP, capitalized. Capitalized Software Expenditures means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by a Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of purchased software or internally developed software and software enhancements that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be reflected as capitalized costs on the consolidated balance sheet of a Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Cash Collateral Account means a deposit account at a commercial bank selected by the Administrative Agent in the name of the Administrative Agent and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, and otherwise established in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Cash Collateralize or Backstop means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer (as applicable) and the Revolving Credit Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of Revolving Credit Lenders to fund participations in respect thereof, cash or deposit account balances denominated, in the case of collateral for L/C Obligations, in the Approved Currency in which the applicable Letter of Credit was issued, or, if the applicable L/C Issuer benefiting from such collateral agrees in its reasonable discretion, other credit support (including by backstopping with other letters of credit), in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) the applicable L/C Issuer and (c) the Borrower (which documents are hereby consented to by the Lenders). Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. Cash Equivalents means any of the following types of Investments, to the extent owned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary: (1) (a) Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Euros, or any national currency of any member state of the European Union or (b) any other foreign currency held by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (2) securities issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian governments, a member state of the European Union or, in each case, any agency or instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of such country or such member state is pledged in support thereof), having maturities of not more than two years from the date of acquisition; (3) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers acceptances with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition, with any domestic or foreign commercial bank having capital and surplus of not less than 500,000,000 in the case of U.S. banks and 100,000,000 (or the Dollar Equivalent as of the date of determination) in the case of non-U.S. banks; (4) repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (2), (3) and (7) of this definition entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (3) above; (5) commercial paper rated at least P-2 by Moody s or at least A-2 by S P, and in each case maturing within twenty-four (24) months after the date of creation thereof and Indebtedness or preferred stock issued by Persons with an Investment Grade Rating from S P or Moody s, with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition; (6) marketable short-term money market and similar securities having a rating of at least P-2 or A-2 from either Moody s or S P, respectively (or, if at any time neither Moody s nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating 13 

agency selected by the Borrower) and in each case maturing within twenty-four (24) months after the date of creation or acquisition thereof; (7) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof having an Investment Grade Rating from Moody s or S P with maturities of twenty-four (24) months or less from the date of acquisition; (8) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any foreign government or any political subdivision or public instrumentality thereof, in each case having an Investment Grade Rating from Moody s or S P with maturities of twenty-four (24) months or less from the date of acquisition; (9) Investments with average maturities of twelve (12) months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated within the top three ratings category by S P or Moody (10) with respect to any Foreign Subsidiary: (i) obligations of the national government of the country in which such Foreign Subsidiary maintains its chief executive office and principal place of business; provided such country is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, in each case maturing within one year after the date of investment therein, (ii) certificates of deposit of, bankers acceptances of, or time deposits with, any commercial bank which is organized and existing under the laws of the country in which such Foreign Subsidiary maintains its chief executive office and principal place of business; provided such country is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, and whose short-term commercial paper rating from S P is at least A-1 or the equivalent thereof or from Moody s is at least P-1 or the equivalent thereof (any such bank being an Approved Foreign Bank ), and in each case with maturities of not more than 270 days from the date of acquisition and (iii) the equivalent of demand deposit accounts which are maintained with an Approved Foreign Bank; (11) bills of exchange issued in the United States, Canada, a member state of the European Union or Japan eligible for rediscount at the relevant central bank and accepted by a bank (or any dematerialized equivalent); (12) Cash Equivalents of the types described in clauses (1) through (11) above denominated in Dollars; and (13) investment funds investing at least 90 of their assets in Cash Equivalents of the types described in clauses (1) through (12) above. Cash Management Agreement means any agreement to provide cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, netting services, cash pooling arrangements, credit or debit card, purchasing card, electronic funds transfer, foreign exchange facilities and other cash management arrangements. Cash Management Obligations means the obligations owed by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any Cash Management Bank under any Cash Management Agreement entered into by and between the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and any Cash Management Bank; provided that in no event shall any Cash Management Agreement constitute a Cash Management Obligation hereunder to the extent that obligations of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary under such Cash Management Agreement constitute ABL Obligations. Cash Management Bank means any Person that, is a Lender, Lead Arranger, an Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender, Lead Arranger, or an Agent (x) on the Closing Date, with respect to Cash Management Agreements existing on the Closing Date or (y) at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement, in each case, in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management Agreement (regardless of whether such Person subsequently ceases to be a Lender, Lead Arranger or Agent or an Affiliate of the foregoing). 14 

Casualty Event means any event that gives rise to the receipt by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any improvements thereon) to replace or repair such equipment, fixed assets or real property. CDOR Rate means, with respect to each day during an Interest Period pertaining to a Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, the interest rate per annum which is the rate based on the average rate applicable to Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances, for a term comparable to such Interest Period, appearing on the applicable Bloomberg screen page at approximately 10:00 a.m. (Toronto, Ontario time) on the first day of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent), or if such date is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day; provided that to the extent a comparable or successor rate is approved by the Administrative Agent in connection with any rate set forth in this definition, the approved rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided, further that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower; provided, further that in no event shall the CDOR Rate be less than 0.00 . CCIBV Notes means Clear Channel International B.V. s 8.75 Senior Notes due 2021. CCOH Preferred Stock means the 45,000 shares of Series A Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share, issued by the Borrower to the holders thereof. CFC means a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code. Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. Change of Control means, subject to Section 8.06, (i) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13(d)-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of all shares of the capital stock of the Borrower entitled to vote generally in elections of directors, (ii) after the consummation of a transaction described in clause (a) of Section 8.06, Holdings ceases to own, directly or indirectly through any one or more wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiaries, 100 of the voting Equity Interests of the Borrower and (iii) a Change of Control (or similar event) shall occur under the Senior Secured Notes, the Stepped Up Notes, the ABL Credit Agreement or any Permitted Refinancings thereof. Class (a) when used with respect to Lenders, refers to whether such Lenders hold a particular Class of Commitments or Loans, (b) when used with respect to Commitments, refers to whether such Commitments are Revolving Credit Commitments, Term B Commitments, Extended Revolving Credit Commitments that are designated as an additional Class of Commitments, Additional Revolving Credit Commitments that are designated as an additional Class of Commitments or commitments in respect of any Incremental Term Loans that are designated as an additional Class of Term Loans and (c) when used with respect to Loans or a Borrowing, refers to whether such Loans, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Credit Loans, Term B Loans, Extended Term Loans that are designated as an additional Class of Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans that are designated as an additional Class of Term Loans and any Loans made pursuant to any other Class of Commitments. 15 

Closing Date means the date all of the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01. Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Adjusted Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 3.03 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent and the Borrower decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower determine that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent and the Borrower decide is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Collateral means all the Collateral (or similar term) as defined in the Collateral Documents and all other property of whatever kind and nature pledged, charged or in which a Lien is granted or purported to be granted under any Collateral Document, and shall include the Mortgaged Properties; provided that, Collateral shall not include any Excluded Property. Collateral Agent means DBNY, in its capacity as collateral agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor collateral agent appointed in accordance with Section 9.09. Collateral and Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, the requirement that: (a) the Collateral Agent shall have received each Collateral Document required to be delivered on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 4.01(a) or any time after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.10 or Section 6.12 duly executed by each Loan Party that is a party thereto; (b) all Obligations shall have been unconditionally guaranteed (the Guarantees ), jointly and severally, by (i) the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) including as of the Closing Date those that are listed on Schedule 1.01A hereto, (ii) [reserved] and (iii) with respect to (x) all Obligations (other than its own Obligations) and (y) the payment and performance by each Specified Loan Party of its obligations under its Guaranty with respect to all Swap Obligations, the Borrower (each, a Guarantor (c) (i) the Obligations and the Guarantees shall have been secured pursuant to the Security Agreement or other applicable Collateral Document by a first-priority security interest in all Equity Interests (other than Excluded Equity) held directly by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors, subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens and the Collateral Agent shall have received, to the extent the relevant Equity Interests are certificated, certificates or other instruments representing all such Equity Interests, together with undated stock powers or other instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank and (ii) all Indebtedness owing to any Loan Party that is evidenced by a promissory note or other instrument with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of 25,000,000 shall have been delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement or other applicable Collateral Documents (provided that any promissory notes issued to employees, officers and directors of any of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall not be required to be delivered) together with undated instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank, and all intercompany loans shall have been 16 

pledged to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement or other applicable Collateral Documents; (d) except to the extent otherwise provided hereunder or under any Collateral Document, the Obligations and the Guarantees shall have been secured by a perfected security interest in, and mortgages on, substantially all tangible and intangible assets of the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor (including, without limitation, accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, investment property, United States intellectual property, intercompany receivables, other general intangibles (including contract rights), owned (but not leased) real property and proceeds of the foregoing), in each case, to the extent, and with the priority, required by the Collateral Documents; provided that security interests in real property (excluding for the avoidance of doubt, Billboard Collateral) shall be limited to the Mortgaged Properties; (e) none of the Collateral shall be subject to any Liens other than Permitted Liens; (f) the Collateral Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of a Mortgage with respect to each Material Real Property that is not Excluded Property required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.10 and/or Section 6.12, as applicable, duly executed and delivered by the record owner of such property, (ii) a title insurance policy for such Mortgaged Property (or marked-up title insurance commitment having the effect of a title insurance policy) (the Mortgage Policies insuring the Lien of each such Mortgage as a valid first priority Lien on the property described therein, in an amount not less than 100 of the fair market value of the real property covered thereby and free of any other Liens except Permitted Liens, together with such endorsements, coinsurance and reinsurance as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and to the extent available in each applicable jurisdiction, (iii) a Survey with respect to each Mortgaged Property, provided, however, that a Survey shall not be required to the extent that (A) an existing survey together with an affidavit of no change satisfactory to the Title Company is delivered to the Collateral Agent and the Title Company and (B) the Title Company removes the standard survey exception and provides reasonable and customary survey-related endorsements and other coverages in the applicable Mortgage Policy, (iv) a completed Life-of-Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency standard flood hazard determination with respect to each Mortgaged Property (together with a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance duly executed by the Borrower), (v) [reserved], (vi) an opinion of local counsel addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent with respect to the enforceability and perfection of each Mortgage, and (vii) any existing abstracts and appraisals and other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to any such Mortgaged Property; and (g) except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or any Collateral Document, all certificates, agreements, documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements and filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office, required by the Collateral Documents or applicable Law to create the Liens on the Collateral intended to be created by the Collateral Documents and perfect such Liens to the extent required by, and with the priority required by, the Collateral Documents and the other provisions of the term Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, shall have been filed, registered or recorded or delivered to the Collateral Agent for filing, registration or recording. The foregoing definition shall not require the creation or perfection of pledges of or security interests in, or the obtaining of the title insurance or surveys with respect to, particular assets if and for so long as the Administrative Agent and the Borrower agree in writing that the cost of creating or perfecting such pledges or security interests in such assets or obtaining title insurance or surveys in respect of such assets shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom. The Administrative Agent may grant extensions of time for the perfection of security interests in or the obtaining of title insurance and surveys with respect to particular assets (including extensions beyond the Closing Date for the perfection of security interests in the assets of the Loan Parties on such date) required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement where it reasonably determines, in consultation with the Borrower, that 17 

perfection cannot be accomplished without undue effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition or anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary: (A) Liens required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to exceptions and limitations set forth in this Agreement and the Collateral Documents and, to the extent appropriate in the applicable jurisdiction, as agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; (B) the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall not apply to any Excluded Property; (C) no deposit account control agreement, securities account control agreement or other control agreements or control arrangements shall be required with respect to any deposit account or securities account; (D) other than with respect to Non-U.S. Discretionary Guarantors (for which actions shall be reasonably agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower), no actions in any jurisdiction outside of the United States or required by the Laws of any jurisdiction outside of the United States, shall be required in order to create any security interests in assets located, titled, registered or filed outside of the United States, or to perfect such security interests (it being understood that there shall be no security agreements, pledge agreements, or share charge (or mortgage) agreements governed under the Laws of any jurisdiction outside of the United States; and (E) no stock certificates evidencing Excluded Equity shall be required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent. Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Mortgages, each of the collateral assignments, Security Agreement Supplements, security agreements, intellectual property security agreements, pledge agreements or other similar agreements delivered to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 4.01, as applicable, Section 6.10 or Section 6.12, and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien or Guarantee in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. Commitment means a Term B Commitment, a Revolving Credit Commitment, an Extended Revolving Credit Commitment, an Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment, a Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitment, a commitment in respect of any Incremental Term Loans, or a commitment in respect of any Extended Term Loans or any combination thereof, as the context may require. Commitment Fee has the meaning provided in Section 2.09(a). Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Term Borrowing, (b) a Revolving Credit Borrowing, (c) a Swingline Borrowing, (d) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (e) a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or such other form as may be reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. Compensation Period has the meaning specified in Section 2.12(c)(ii). 18 

Competitor means a competitor of, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C. Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense means, with respect to any Person for any period, the total amount of depreciation and amortization expense, including the amortization of deferred financing fees or costs, capitalized expenditures, customer acquisition costs and incentive payments, conversion costs and contract acquisition costs, the amortization of original issue discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than par and amortization of favorable or unfavorable lease assets or liabilities, of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period on a consolidated basis and otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated EBITDA means, with respect to any Person for any period, the Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period: (a) increased (without duplication) by the following: (i) provision for taxes based on income or profits or capital, including, without limitation, state franchise, excise and similar taxes, property taxes and foreign withholding taxes of such Person paid or accrued during such period, including any penalties and interest relating to any tax examinations, deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income; plus (ii) (w) consolidated interest expense of such Person for such period, (x) net losses or any obligations under any Swap Contracts or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate, currency or commodities risk, (y) bank fees and (z) costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities, to the extent the same were deducted (and not added back) in calculating such Consolidated Net Income; plus (iii) Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense of such Person for such period to the extent the same were deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income; plus (iv) any other non-cash charges, write-downs, expenses, losses or items reducing Consolidated Net Income for such period including any impairment charges or the impact of purchase accounting, (excluding any such non-cash charge, write-down or item to the extent it represents an accrual or reserve for a cash expenditure for a future period) or other items classified by the Borrower as special items less other non-cash items of income increasing Consolidated Net Income (excluding any such non-cash item of income to the extent it represents a receipt of cash in any future period); plus (v) without duplication of any amounts added back pursuant to clause (xiii) below, the amount of any minority interest expense consisting of Subsidiary income attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; plus (vi) the amount of pro forma adjustments, including pro forma run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions, and other synergies (in each case net of amounts actually realized) related to acquisitions, dispositions and other Specified Transactions, or related to restructuring initiatives, cost savings initiatives, entry into new contracts and other initiatives that are reasonably identifiable, factually supportable and projected by the Borrower in good faith to result from actions that have either been taken, with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or that are expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) within twenty-four (24) months after the date of consummation of such acquisition, disposition or other 19 

Specified Transaction or the initiation of such restructuring initiative, cost savings initiative or other initiatives (including any entry into new contracts); plus (vii) cash receipts (or any netting arrangements resulting in reduced cash expenditures) not representing Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Net Income in any period to the extent non-cash gains relating to such income were deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to paragraph (b) below for any previous period and not added back; plus (viii) any net loss included in Consolidated Net Income attributable to non-controlling interests pursuant to the application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810-10-45; plus (ix) realized foreign exchange losses resulting from the impact of foreign currency changes on the valuation of assets or liabilities on the balance sheets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; plus (x) net realized losses from Swap Contracts or embedded derivatives that require similar accounting treatment and the application of Accounting Standard Codification Topic 815 and related pronouncements; plus (xi) the amount of any charges, expenses, costs or other payments in respect of (x) facilities no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, (y) abandoned, closed, disposed or discontinued operations and (z) any losses on disposal of abandoned, closed or discontinued operations; plus (xii) any non-cash losses realized in such period in connection with adjustments to any Plan due to changes in actuarial assumptions, valuation or studies; plus (xiii) any net pension or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of the initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 715, and any other items of a similar nature; plus (xiv) costs and expenses associated with the REIT Election or a REIT Conversion Transaction (including, without limitation, planning and advisory costs related to the foregoing); and (b) decreased (without duplication) by the following: (i) non-cash gains increasing Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period, excluding any non-cash gains to the extent they represent the reversal of an accrual or cash reserve for a potential cash item that reduced Consolidated EBITDA in any prior period and any non-cash gains with respect to cash actually received in a prior period so long as such cash did not increase Consolidated EBITDA in such prior period; plus (ii) realized foreign exchange income or gains resulting from the impact of foreign currency changes on the valuation of assets or liabilities on the balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; plus (iii) any net realized income or gains from any obligations under any Swap Contracts or embedded derivatives that require similar accounting treatment and the application of Accounting Standard Codification Topic 815 and related pronouncements; plus 20 

(iv) any amount included in Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period attributable to non-controlling interests pursuant to the application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810-10-45; plus (v) any gains on disposal of abandoned, closed or discontinued operations; (c) increased or decreased (without duplication) by, as applicable, any adjustments resulting from the application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 460 or any comparable regulation; and (d) increased or decreased (to the extent not already included in determining Consolidated EBITDA) by any Pro Forma Adjustment. There shall be included in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period, without duplication, (A) the Acquired EBITDA of any Person, property, business or asset acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during such period (but not the Acquired EBITDA of any related Person, property, business or assets to the extent not so acquired), to the extent not subsequently sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary during such period (each such Person, property, business or asset acquired and not subsequently so disposed of, an Acquired Entity or Business ), and the Acquired EBITDA of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that is converted into a Restricted Subsidiary during such period (each a Converted Restricted Subsidiary ), based on the actual Acquired EBITDA of such Acquired Entity or Business or Converted Restricted Subsidiary for such period (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such acquisition) and (B) an adjustment in respect of each Acquired Entity or Business equal to the amount of the Pro Forma Adjustment with respect to such Acquired Entity or Business for such period (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such acquisition) as specified in a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer and delivered to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. For purposes of determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period, there shall be excluded the Disposed EBITDA of any Person, property, business or asset (other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary) sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, closed or classified as discontinued operations by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during such period (each such Person, property, business or asset so sold or disposed of, a Sold Entity or Business and the Disposed EBITDA of any Restricted Subsidiary that is converted into an Unrestricted Subsidiary during such period (each a Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary ), based on the actual Disposed EBITDA of such Sold Entity or Business or Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary for such period (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such sale, transfer or disposition). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Consolidated EBITDA shall be, at any time of determination occurring on or after the Closing Date, 148,399,000, 203,364,000 and 88,874,000 and 166,803,000 for the fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2018, December 31, 2018, March 31, 2019 and June 30, 2019, respectively, in each case after giving pro forma effect to the Transactions and any adjustment set forth above. Any adjustments in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income shall be without duplication of any adjustment to Consolidated EBITDA, and any adjustments to Consolidated EBITDA shall be without duplication of any adjustments to Consolidated Net Income. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Consolidated EBITDA shall refer to the Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Consolidated First Lien Debt means, as to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date that (a) is secured by a Lien on the Collateral, other than Liens that are subordinated or junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding principal amount of loans under the ABL Facility) and (b) is not expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations. Consolidated Interest Expense means, as of any date for the applicable period ending on such date with respect to any Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the amount payable as cash interest expense (including that attributable to capital lease), net of cash interest income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, including financing and net cash costs (less net cash payments) under any Swap Contract, all commissions, discounts and other cash fees and charges owed with respect to letter of credit and bankers acceptance and the cash interest expense of Indebtedness for which the proceeds are held in Escrow (except, excluding the interest expense in respect thereof that is covered by such proceeds held in Escrow), but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) 21 

any non-cash interest expense and any capitalized interest, whether paid or accrued, (b) the amortization of original issue discount resulting from the issuance of indebtedness at less than par, (c) amortization of deferred financing costs, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses, (d) any expenses resulting from discounting of indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization accounting or purchase accounting, (e) penalties or interest related to taxes and any other amounts of non-cash interest resulting from the effects of acquisition method accounting or pushdown accounting, (f) the accretion or accrual of, or accrued interest on, discounted liabilities (other than Indebtedness) during such period, (g) non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement of the mark-to-market valuation of obligations under Swap Contracts or other derivative instruments pursuant to ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, (h) any one-time cash costs associated with breakage in respect of hedging agreements for interest rates, (i) any payments with respect to make whole premiums or other breakage costs of any Indebtedness, (j) all non-recurring interest expense consisting of liquidated damages for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations, all as calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and (k) expensing of bridge, arrangement, structuring, commitment, amendment or other financing fees. For purposes of this definition, interest on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Consolidated Interest Expense shall refer to the Consolidated Interest Expense of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Consolidated Net Income means, with respect to any Person for any period, the net income (loss) of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis on the basis of GAAP; provided, however, that there will not be included in such Consolidated Net Income: (1) any net income (loss) of any Person if such Person is not a Restricted Subsidiary, except that the Borrower s equity in the net income of any such Person for such period will be included in such Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents actually distributed (or, so long as such Person is an Unrestricted Subsidiary, that (as reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower) could have been distributed by such Person during such period to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) as a dividend or other distribution or return on investment, subject, in the case of a dividend or other distribution or return on investment to a Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitations contained in clause (2) below; (2) solely for the purpose of determining the Available Amount, any net income (loss) of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Guarantor) if such Subsidiary is subject to restrictions, directly or indirectly, on the payment of dividends or the making of distributions by such Restricted Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to the Borrower or a Guarantor by operation of the terms of such Restricted Subsidiary s charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute or governmental rule or regulation applicable to such Restricted Subsidiary or its shareholders (other than (a) restrictions that have been waived or otherwise released and (b) restrictions pursuant to the Loan Documents), except that the Borrower s equity in the net income of any such Restricted Subsidiary for such period will be included in such Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents actually distributed or that could have been distributed by such Restricted Subsidiary during such period to the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary as a dividend or other distribution (subject, in the case of a dividend to another Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitation contained above in this clause (2)); (3) any net gain (or loss) from disposed, abandoned or discontinued operations and any net gain (or loss) on disposal of disposed, discontinued or abandoned operations; (4) any net gain (or loss) realized upon the sale or other disposition of any asset (including pursuant to any sale/leaseback transaction) which is not sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business (as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer or the board of directors of the Borrower); 22 

(5) any extraordinary, exceptional, unusual or nonrecurring gain, loss, charge or expense (including relating to the Transaction Expenses), or any charges, expenses or reserves in respect of any restructuring, relocation, redundancy or severance expense, new product introductions or one-time compensation charges; (6) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles; (7) any (i) non-cash compensation charge or expense arising from any grant of stock, stock options or other equity based awards and any non-cash deemed finance charges in respect of any pension liabilities or other provisions and (ii) income (loss) attributable to deferred compensation plans or trusts; (8) all deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid or other expenses incurred directly in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness and any net gain (loss) from any write-off or forgiveness of Indebtedness; (9) any unrealized gains or losses in respect of any obligations under any Swap Contracts or any ineffectiveness recognized in earnings related to hedge transactions or the fair value of changes therein recognized in earnings for derivatives that do not qualify as hedge transactions, in each case, in respect of any obligations under any Swap Contracts; (10) any unrealized foreign currency translation gains or losses in respect of Indebtedness of any Person denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of such Person and any unrealized foreign exchange gains or losses relating to translation of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies; (11) any unrealized foreign currency translation or transaction gains or losses in respect of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; (12) any recapitalization accounting or purchase accounting effects including, but not limited to, adjustments to inventory, property and equipment, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenue in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries), as a result of any consummated acquisition, or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof (including any write-off of in process research and development); (13) any impairment charge, write-down or write-off, including impairment charges, write-downs or write-offs relating to goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets, investments in debt and equity securities or as a result of a change in law or regulation; (14) any effect of income (loss) from the early extinguishment or cancellation of Indebtedness or any obligations under any Swap Contracts or other derivative instruments; (15) accruals and reserves that are established within twelve (12) months after the Closing Date that are so required to be established as a result of the Transactions in accordance with GAAP; (16) any net unrealized gains and losses resulting from Swap Contracts or embedded derivatives that require similar accounting treatment and the application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815 and related pronouncements; (17) any non-cash expenses, accruals or reserves related to adjustments to historical tax exposures and any deferred tax expense associated with tax deductions or net operating losses arising as a result of the Transactions, or the release of any valuation allowances related to such item; 23 

(18) any unrealized or realized gain or loss due solely to fluctuations in currency values and the related tax effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, (19) effects of adjustments to accruals and reserves during a period relating to any change in the methodology of calculating reserves for returns, rebates and other chargebacks, (20) the amount of board fees to any director of the Borrower or any parent entity or any Restricted Subsidiary, (21) the amount of loss or discount on sale of Securitization Assets, Receivables Assets and related assets in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing, (22) any expenses or charges (other than depreciation or amortization expense) related to any equity offering, Investment, acquisition, disposition or recapitalization or the incurrence of Indebtedness (including a refinancing thereof) (in each case, whether or not successful), including (A) such fees, expenses or charges (including rating agency fees and related expenses) related to the offering or incurrence of the Loans and any other credit facilities or the offering or incurrence of any debt securities and any securitization related fees and expenses (including any Securitization Fees) and (B) any amendment or other modification of this Agreement, any Securitization Facility and any other credit facilities or any other debt securities, in each case, deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income, (23) (A) the amount of any restructuring charge, accrual or reserve (and adjustments to existing reserves), integration cost or other business optimization expense or cost (including charges directly related to the implementation of cost-savings initiatives) that is deducted (and not added back) in such period in computing Consolidated Net Income, including any one-time costs incurred in connection with acquisitions or divestitures after the Closing Date, including those related to any severance, retention, signing bonuses, relocation, recruiting and other employee related costs, internal costs in respect of strategic initiatives and curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employment benefit plans (including any settlement of pension liabilities), systems development and establishment costs, future lease commitments and costs related to the opening and closure and/or consolidation of facilities and to exiting lines of business and consulting fees incurred with any of the foregoing and (B) fees, costs and expenses associated with acquisition related litigation and settlements thereof, (24) (x) any costs or expense incurred by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, to the extent that such cost or expenses are non-cash costs or expenses and/or otherwise funded with cash proceeds contributed to the capital of the Borrower or Net Cash Proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of the Borrower and (y) the amount of expenses relating to payments made to option holders of the Borrower in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution being made to equityholders in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution being made to equityholders of such Person, which payments are being made to compensate such option holders as though they were equityholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution, to the extent permitted under this Agreement, (25) earnout and contingent consideration obligations (including to the extent accounted for as bonuses or otherwise) and adjustments thereof and purchase price adjustments, (26) costs related to the implementation of operational and reporting systems and technology initiatives, and (27) any costs or expenses associated with the Transactions. In addition, to the extent not already excluded (or included, as applicable) from the Consolidated Net Income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 24 

foregoing, Consolidated Net Income shall, without duplication, (1) be increased by business interruption insurance in an amount representing the earnings for the applicable period that such proceeds are intended to replace (whether or not received so long as such Person in good faith expects to receive the same within the next four fiscal quarters (it being understood that to the extent not actually received within such fiscal quarters, such proceeds shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal quarters)) and (2) not include (i) any expenses and charges that are reimbursed by indemnification or other reimbursement provisions in connection with any investment or any sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of assets permitted hereunder or other contractual reimbursement obligations of a third party, (ii) to the extent covered by insurance (including business interruption insurance) and actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Borrower has made a determination that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer and only to the extent that such amount is (A) not denied by the applicable carrier in writing within 180 days and (B) in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such evidence (with a deduction for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within such 365 days), expenses with respect to liability or casualty events or business interruption, (iii) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles during such period, (iv) any net after-tax income or loss (less all fees and expenses or charges relating thereto) attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, (v) any non cash charges resulting from mark to market accounting relating to Equity Interests, (vi) any unrealized net gain or loss resulting from currency translation or unrealized transaction gains or losses impacting net income (including currency remeasurements of Indebtedness) and any unrealized foreign currency translation or transaction gains or losses shall be excluded, including those resulting from intercompany Indebtedness and any unrealized net gains and losses resulting from obligations in respect of any Swap Contracts in accordance with GAAP or any other derivative instrument pursuant to the application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging and (vii) any non-cash impairment charges resulting from the application of ASC Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other and the amortization of intangibles including those arising pursuant to ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations, and, provided, further that solely for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow and the Available Amount, the income or loss of any Person accrued prior to the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person or is merged into or consolidated with such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person or the date that such other Person s assets are acquired by such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person, in each case, shall be excluded in calculating Consolidated Net Income. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Consolidated Net Income shall refer to the Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Consolidated Secured Debt means, as to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date that (a) is secured by a Lien on the Collateral and (b) is not expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations. Consolidated Total Assets means, as to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at any date of determination, all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the applicable Person at such date. Consolidated Total Debt means, as to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of all third party Indebtedness for borrowed money, Capitalized Leases and purchase money Indebtedness (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, undrawn letters of credit, banker s acceptances and/or bank guarantees); provided that Consolidated Total Debt shall be calculated (i) net of the Unrestricted Cash Amount, (ii) excluding any obligation, liability or indebtedness of any such Person if, upon or prior to the maturity thereof, such Person has irrevocably deposited with the proper Person in trust or escrow the necessary funds (or evidences of indebtedness) for the payment, redemption or satisfaction of such obligation, liability or indebtedness, and thereafter such funds and evidences of such obligation, liability or indebtedness or other security so deposited are not included in the calculation of Unrestricted Cash Amount and (iii) based on the initial stated principal amount of any Indebtedness that is issued at a discount to its initial stated principal amount without giving effect to any such discounts; provided that Consolidated Total Debt shall not include (w) Indebtedness in respect of any Qualified Securitization Financing, (x) Letters of Credit (or other letters of credit, bankers acceptances and bank guarantees), except to the extent of Unreimbursed Amounts (or unreimbursed amounts) thereunder, (y) obligations under Swap Contracts entered into and (z) Indebtedness incurred in advance of, and the proceeds of which are to be applied in connection with, the consummation of a 25 

transaction solely to the extent and for so long as the proceeds thereof are and continue to be held in an Escrow and are not otherwise made available to the relevant Person (it being understood that in any event, any such proceeds subject to such Escrow shall be deemed to constitute restricted cash for purposes of cash netting) (provided that such Escrow is secured only by proceeds of such Indebtedness and the proceeds thereof shall be promptly applied to satisfy and discharge such Indebtedness if the definitive agreement for such transaction is terminated prior to the consummation thereof). Consolidated Working Capital means, at any date, the excess of (a) all amounts (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total current assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at such date, excluding the current portion of current and deferred income taxes over (b) the sum of all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total current liabilities (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis on such date, but excluding, without duplication, (i) the current portion of any Funded Debt or other long-term liabilities, (ii) all Indebtedness consisting of loans under the ABL Facility, revolving loans and letter of credit obligations to the extent otherwise included therein, (iii) the current portion of interest, (iv) the current portion of current and deferred income taxes, (v) the current portion of any Capitalized Lease Obligations, (vi) deferred revenue arising from cash receipts that are earmarked for specific projects, (vii) the current portion of deferred acquisition costs and (viii) current accrued costs associated with any restructuring or business optimization (including accrued severance and accrued facility closure costs). Contract Consideration has the meaning specified in the definition of Excess Cash Flow. Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. Control has the meaning specified in the definition of Affiliate. Converted Restricted Subsidiary has the meaning specified in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA. Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary has the meaning specified in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA. Covered Entity has the meaning specified in Section 10.25(b). Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 10.25(a). Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. Cure Amount has the meaning specified in Section 8.05(a). Cure Right has the meaning specified in Section 8.05(a). Customary Term A Loans means any term loans that contain provisions customary for term A loans, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent, that are syndicated primarily to Persons regulated as banks in the primary syndication thereof and that do not mature prior to the Maturity Date of the Revolving Credit Facility. Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not 26 

administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. DBNY has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. Declined Proceeds has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(v). Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default (other than any event or condition that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would become an Event of Default solely as a result of Section 8.01(e)). Default Rate means an interest rate equal to (a) with respect to any overdue principal for any Loan, the applicable interest rate for such Loan plus 2.00 per annum (provided that with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans and SOFR Loans, the determination of the applicable interest rate is subject to Section 2.02(c) to the extent that Eurocurrency Rate Loans and SOFR Loans, as applicable, may not be converted to, or continued as, Eurocurrency Rate Loans and SOFR Loans, as applicable, pursuant thereto) and (b) with respect to any other overdue amount, including overdue interest, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans that are Term Loans plus 2.00 per annum, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Default Right has the meaning specified in Section 10.25(b). Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.16(e), any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans required to be funded by it, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loan required to be funded by it or (iii) pay over to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans), unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, Swingline Lender or any other Lender in writing that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Administrative Agent s, L/C Issuer s, the Swingline Lender s or Lender s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent entity that has, in any such case (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity and/or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that, in the case of clause (d), a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent entity thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Government 27 

Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.16(e)) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender and each other Lender promptly following such determination. Delaware Divided LLC means a Delaware LLC which has been formed upon the consummation of a Delaware LLC Division. Delaware LLC means any limited liability company organized or formed under the laws of the State of Delaware. Delaware LLC Division means the statutory division of any Delaware LLC into two or more Delaware LLCs pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. Discount Range has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(d)(ii). Discounted Prepayment Option Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(d)(ii). Discounted Voluntary Prepayment has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(d)(i). Discounted Voluntary Prepayment Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(d)(v). Disposed EBITDA means, with respect to any Sold Entity or Business or any Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary for any period, the amount for such period of Consolidated EBITDA of such Sold Entity or Business or such Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary, all as determined on a consolidated basis for such Sold Entity or Business or such Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary. Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including (a) any Sale Leaseback and any sale of Equity Interests and (b) any disposition of property to a Delaware Divided LLC pursuant to a Delaware LLC Division) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith; provided that Disposition and Dispose shall not be deemed to include any issuance by the Borrower of any of its Equity Interests to another Person. Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests and/or cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests), in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Equity Interests are issued; provided that (x) an Equity Interest in any Person that would constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest but for terms thereof giving holders thereof the right to require such Person to redeem or purchase such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of an asset sale, a change of control or similar event shall not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest if any such requirement becomes operative only after repayment in full of the Loans and all other Loan Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments and all outstanding Letters of Credit (or the cash collateralization or backstop thereof in a manner permitted hereunder) and (y) if an Equity Interest in any Person is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) or any of the Subsidiaries, or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interest shall not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest solely because it may be required 28 

to be repurchased by the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent entity thereof) or any of the Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations of such Person. Disqualified Lenders means (i) such Persons (or related funds of such Persons) that have been specified by name in writing to the Administrative Agent prior to August 1, 2019, (ii) Competitors that have been specified by name in writing to the Administrative Agent from time to time and (iii) in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), any of their Affiliates (other than, in the case of clause (ii), Affiliates that are Bona Fide Lending Affiliates) that are (A) specified by name in writing to the Administrative Agent from time to time or (B) reasonably identifiable on the basis of such Affiliate s name; it being understood, that any subsequent designation of a Disqualified Lender shall not apply retroactively to disqualify any person that has been assigned any Loans or any participation therein in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. Dollar Equivalent means, on any date of determination, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any Alternative Currency or any other currency, the equivalent in Dollars of such amount, determined at the Exchange Rate on the applicable Valuation Date. In making the determination of the Dollar Equivalent for purposes of determining the aggregate available Revolving Credit Commitments on any date of any Credit Extension, the Administrative Agent or a relevant L/C Issuer, as applicable, pursuant to Section 1.08 shall use the Exchange Rate in effect at the date on which the Borrower requests the Credit Extension for such date or as otherwise provided pursuant to the provisions of such Section. Domestic Foreign Holding Company means any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower that owns no material assets (held directly or indirectly through one or more disregarded entities) other than capital stock (or capital stock and/or debt and/or other instrument treated as equity) of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs and/or Domestic Foreign Holding Companies. Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia. EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent; EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. Eligible Assignee means any Assignee permitted by and consented to in accordance with Section 10.07(b) and/or Section 10.07(l) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.07). For the avoidance of doubt, (x) any Disqualified Lender is subject to Section 10.07(l) and (y) any Affiliated Lender may be an Eligible Assignee, including as a result of non-pro rata open market purchases, subject to compliance with the provisions of Section 10.07. 29 

Environment means air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, soil, surface and subsurface strata, and natural resources such as wetlands, flora and fauna. Environmental Laws means any and all applicable Laws relating to pollution, the protection of the Environment, the generation, transport, storage, use, treatment, Release or threat of Release of any Hazardous Materials or, to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous Materials, human health and safety. Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities) directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage or treatment of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure of any Person to any Hazardous Materials or (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the Environment, including, in each case, any such liability which any Loan Party has retained or assumed either contractually or by operation of Law. Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares, interests, rights, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests or units in) such Person and all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase, acquisition or exchange from such Person of any of the foregoing (including through convertible securities). ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is under common control with any Loan Party and is treated as a single employer within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA. ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA with respect to a Pension Plan, whether or not waived, or a failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (d) a complete or partial withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan, notification of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or in endangered or critical status, within the meaning of Section 305 of ERISA; (e) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate; (h) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is expected to be, in at-risk status (within the meaning of Section 303(i)(4)(A) of ERISA or Section 430(i)(4)(A) of the Code); (i) the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) with respect to any Pension Plan maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party which would reasonably be expected to result in liability to any Loan Party; (j) the filing pursuant to Section 431 of the Code or Section 304 of ERISA of an application for the extension of any amortization period; or (k) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan. Escrow means an escrow, trust, collateral or similar account or arrangement holding proceeds of Indebtedness solely for the benefit of an unaffiliated third party. 30 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. Euro or means the single currency of the European Union as constituted by the Treaty on European Union and as referred to in the legislative measures of the European Union for the introduction of, changeover to or operation of the Euro in one or more member states, being in part legislative measures to implement the European and Monetary Union as contemplated in the Treaty on European Union. Eurocurrency Rate means, for any Interest Period with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan, (I) in relation to a Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Rate, (II) in relation to a Loan denominated in another LIBOR Quoted Currency, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or a comparable or successor rate which rate is approved by the Administrative Agent, as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for deposits in the relevant currency (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period and (III) in relation to an Alternative Currency that is not a LIBOR Quoted Currency, the rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 1.14(a); provided that to the extent a comparable or successor rate is approved by the Administrative Agent in connection with any rate set forth in this definition, the approved rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided, further that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Eurocurrency Rate at any date of determination is less than 0.00 then such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 per annum. Eurocurrency Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Eurocurrency Rate. Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01. Excess Cash Flow means, for any Excess Cash Flow Period, an amount equal to the excess of: (a) the sum, without duplication, of: (i) Consolidated Net Income for such Excess Cash Flow Period; (ii) an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash charges (including depreciation and amortization) to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income but excluding any non-cash charge to the extent that it represents an accrual or reserve for potential cash charge in any future Excess Cash Flow Period or amortization of a prepaid cash gain that was paid in a prior Excess Cash Flow Period, in each case, for such Excess Cash Flow Period; (iii) decreases in Consolidated Working Capital for such applicable period (other than any such decreases arising from acquisitions by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries completed during such Excess Cash Flow Period or the application of purchase accounting); (iv) an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash loss on Dispositions by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income; and 31 

(v) cash receipts in respect of Swap Contracts during such Excess Cash Flow Period to the extent not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income; over (b) the sum, without duplication, of: (i) an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash credits included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income and cash charges to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income (excluding any non-cash gain to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for a potential cash item that reduced Consolidated Net Income in any prior Excess Cash Flow Period); (ii) without duplication of amounts subtracted pursuant to clause (x) below in prior Excess Cash Flow Periods, the amount of Capital Expenditures or acquisitions made in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period, except to the extent that such Capital Expenditures or acquisitions were financed with the proceeds of an incurrence or issuance of long-term Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than revolving Indebtedness); (iii) the aggregate amount of all principal payments of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including (A) the principal component of Capitalized Lease Obligations and (B) the amount of repayments of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.07(a) and any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii) to the extent required due to a Disposition that resulted in an increase to such Consolidated Net Income and not in excess of the amount of such increase but excluding (X) all other prepayments of Term Loans, (Y) all prepayments under any Revolving Credit Facility and (Z) all prepayments in respect of any other revolving credit facility, except, in the case of clause (Z), to the extent there is an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereunder) made during such Excess Cash Flow Period in cash, except to the extent financed with the proceeds of an incurrence or issuance of other long-term Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than revolving Indebtedness); (iv) an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash gain on Dispositions by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income; (v) increases in Consolidated Working Capital for such Excess Cash Flow Period (other than any such increases arising from acquisitions by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries completed during such Excess Cash Flow Period or the application of purchase accounting); (vi) cash payments by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period in respect of long-term liabilities of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries other than long-term Indebtedness (including such Indebtedness specified in clause (b)(iii) above); (vii) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (xi) below in prior Excess Cash Flow Periods, the amount of Investments and acquisitions made during such Excess Cash Flow Period in each case in cash pursuant to Section 7.02 (other than Section 7.02(a), (d), (f) or (n)) except to the extent that such Investments and acquisitions were financed with the proceeds of an incurrence or issuance of long-term Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than revolving Indebtedness); (viii) the amount of Restricted Payments paid in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period pursuant to Section 7.06 (other than Section 7.06(b) and (c)) except to the extent that such 32 

Restricted Payments were financed with the proceeds of an incurrence or issuance of long-term Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than revolving Indebtedness); (ix) the aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payments actually paid in cash by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period that are required to be made in connection with any prepayment of Indebtedness except to the extent that such amounts were financed with the proceeds of an incurrence or issuance of long-term Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than revolving Indebtedness); (x) the aggregate amount of expenditures actually made by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period (including expenditures for the payment of financing fees) to the extent that such expenditures are not expensed during such Excess Cash Flow Period and were not financed with the proceeds of an incurrence or issuance of long-term Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than revolving Indebtedness); (xi) without duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in prior Excess Cash Flow Periods, the aggregate consideration required to be paid in cash by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts (the Contract Consideration entered into prior to or during such Excess Cash Flow Period relating to Permitted Acquisitions, Capital Expenditures or acquisitions to be consummated or made during the Excess Cash Flow Period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower following the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period except to the extent intended to be financed with the proceeds of an incurrence or issuance of other long-term Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than revolving Indebtedness); provided that to the extent the aggregate amount utilized to finance such Permitted Acquisitions, Capital Expenditures or acquisitions during such Excess Cash Flow Period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters is less than the Contract Consideration, the amount of such shortfall, shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters; (xii) the amount of cash taxes and Tax Distributions (including penalties and interest) paid or tax reserves set aside or payable (without duplication) in such period to the extent they exceed the amount of tax expense deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such Excess Cash Flow Period; and (xiii) cash expenditures in respect of Swap Contracts during such Excess Cash Flow Period to the extent not deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income. Excess Cash Flow Percentage means, as of any date of determination (a) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than 4.25:1.00, 50 , (b) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 4.25:1.00 and greater than 3.75:1.00, 25 , and (c) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 3.75:1.00, 0 ; it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of this definition as it applies to the determination of the amount of Excess Cash Flow that is required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans under Section 2.05(b)(i) for any fiscal year, the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis on the scheduled date of prepayment (after giving effect to all voluntary prepayments, Permitted Acquisitions, Investments and Capital Expenditures described in Section 2.05(b)(i)(1), (2), (3) and (4) for such Excess Cash Flow Period and including any such applicable After Year-End Transactions as of the date of such prepayment). Excess Cash Flow Period means each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the first full fiscal year ending after the Closing Date). 33 

Excess Cash Flow Threshold means the greater of 50,000,000 and 8.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Exchange Rate means, for a currency, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, to be the rate quoted by the Person acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the purchase (or in the case of such Person being DBNY or any of its Affiliates, the sale) by such Person of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two (2) Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made; provided that the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer if the Person acting in such capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency; and provided, further that the L/C Issuer may use such spot rate quoted on the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency. Excluded Equity means Equity Interests (i) of any Unrestricted Subsidiary, (ii) of a Foreign Subsidiary or a Subsidiary that is a Domestic Foreign Holding Company of the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, in each case, other than 65 of the issued and outstanding voting (and 100 of the non-voting) Equity Interests of a First Tier Foreign Subsidiary or any Subsidiary that is a Domestic Foreign Holding Company; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Excluded Equity shall not include any non-voting Equity Interests of any such Foreign Subsidiary or Domestic Foreign Holding Company, (iii) of a Subsidiary of any Person described in clause (ii), (iv) of any Immaterial Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor, (v) of any Subsidiary with respect to which the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have determined in their reasonable judgment and agreed in writing that the costs of providing a pledge of such Equity Interests or perfection thereof is excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Secured Parties therefrom, (vi) Equity Interests in any Person other than the Borrower and wholly-owned Subsidiaries to the extent not permitted to be pledged by the terms of such Person s Organization Documents, shareholder agreement or joint venture documents after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable law and other than proceeds thereof; (vii) of any captive insurance companies, not-for-profit Subsidiaries, special purpose entities (including any Securitization Subsidiary used solely to effect a Qualified Securitization Financing), (viii) that constitute margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U), (ix) of any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, the pledge of which is prohibited by applicable Laws after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable law and (x) of any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment subject to assumed secured Indebtedness permitted hereunder not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder if such Equity Interests are pledged as security for such Indebtedness pursuant to a Lien that is a permitted Lien and if and for so long as the terms of such Indebtedness (not entered into in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition of Investment) prohibit the creation of any other Lien on such Equity Interests after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable law; provided, however, that Excluded Equity shall not include any proceeds, substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Equity referred to in clauses (i) through (x) (unless such proceeds, substitutions or replacements would constitute Excluded Equity referred to in clauses (i) through (x)). Excluded Property means (i) any (x) fee-owned real property other than Material Real Property, (y) fee-owned real property located in a special flood hazard area (as determined by the Borrower or any Revolving Credit Lender) and (z) all leasehold interests in real property, including the requirement to deliver landlord waivers, estoppels or collateral access letters, but excluding, in the case of this clause (i), all Billboard Collateral or other interests in Billboards, the Lien on which may be perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement in the jurisdiction of organization of the relevant Loan Party, (ii) motor vehicles and other assets subject to certificates of title, (iii) letter of credit rights to the extent a Lien thereon cannot be perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement, (iv) commercial tort claims with a value of less than 25,000,000, (v) assets for which a pledge thereof or a security interest therein is prohibited by applicable Laws after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code and other applicable law, (vi) other than to the extent the ABL Facility is outstanding, any cash and cash equivalents, deposit accounts and securities accounts (including securities entitlements and related assets held in a securities account) (it being understood that this exclusion shall not affect 34 

the grant of the Lien on proceeds of Collateral and all proceeds of Collateral shall be Collateral), (vii) any lease, license or other agreements, or any property subject to a purchase money security interest, Capitalized Lease Obligation or similar arrangements, in each case to the extent permitted under the Loan Documents, to the extent that a pledge thereof or a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement, purchase money, Capitalized Lease or similar arrangement, or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment clauses of the Uniform Commercial Code and applicable Laws, other than the proceeds and receivables thereof the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under applicable Laws notwithstanding such prohibition, (viii) any assets to the extent a security interest in such assets would result in material adverse tax consequences to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries (other than on account of any non-income taxes payable in connection with filings, recordings, registrations, stampings and any similar actions in connection with the creation or perfection of Liens), as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with (but without the consent of) the Administrative Agent, but for the avoidance of doubt, including the assets and properties of any Domestic Foreign Holding Company or any Foreign Subsidiary, (ix) any intent-to-use trademark application in the United States prior to the filing and acceptance of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto, to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant, attachment, or enforcement of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability, or result in the voiding, of such intent-to-use trademark application or any registration issuing therefrom under applicable Federal law, (x) any Securitization Assets, Receivables Assets and/or related assets to the extent Disposed of or pledged in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing, (xi) any segregated funds held in escrow for a the benefit of an unaffiliated third party (including such funds in Escrow), (xii) Excluded Equity and (xiii) those assets as to which the Administrative Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree that the cost of obtaining such a security interest or perfection thereof is excessive in relation to the benefit to the Lenders of the security to be afforded thereby; provided, however, that Excluded Property shall not include any proceeds, substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Property referred to each of the clauses above (unless such proceeds, substitutions or replacements would constitute Excluded Property referred to in such clauses). Excluded Subsidiary means (a) each Subsidiary of the Borrower listed on Schedule 1.01B hereto, (b) any Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable Law or by any contractual obligation existing on the Closing Date or at the time such Subsidiary is acquired and not incurred in contemplation of such acquisition, as applicable, from guaranteeing the Obligations or which would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to provide a Guarantee unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received, or any Subsidiary of the Borrower for which the provision of a guarantee would result in a material adverse tax consequence to the Borrower or its subsidiaries or direct or indirect parent companies (as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent), (c) any Foreign Subsidiary, (d) any Domestic Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a CFC, (e) any Domestic Foreign Holding Company, (f) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (g) captive insurance companies, (h) not-for-profit Subsidiaries, (i) special purpose entities, (j) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, (k) any non-Wholly-Owned joint venture, (l) any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, (m) any Subsidiary of the Borrower acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder that, at the time of such Permitted Acquisition or other Investment, has assumed secured Indebtedness permitted hereunder not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or other Investment, and each Restricted Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary thereof that guarantees such Indebtedness at the time of such Permitted Acquisition, in each case, to the extent such secured Indebtedness prohibits such Subsidiary from becoming a Guarantor (provided that such prohibition was not entered into in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or Investment, and each such Subsidiary shall cease to be an Excluded Subsidiary under this clause (m) if such secured Indebtedness is repaid or becomes unsecured, if such Restricted Subsidiary ceases to be an obligor with respect to such secured Indebtedness or such prohibition no longer exists, as applicable) and (n) any other Subsidiary in circumstances where the Borrower and the Administrative Agent reasonably agree that the cost or burden of providing a Guaranty outweighs the benefit afforded thereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Subsidiary shall be an Excluded Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary is an Excluded Subsidiary under (and as defined in) the ABL Credit Agreement and the Senior Secured Notes. For avoidance of doubt, none of the Borrowers (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) shall be an Excluded Subsidiary hereunder. Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and solely to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest pursuant to the Collateral Documents to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is 35 

or becomes illegal or unlawful under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant (determined after giving effect to any applicable keep well, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor and any and all Guarantees of such Guarantor s Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest would otherwise have become effective with respect to such related Swap Obligation but for such Guarantor s failure to constitute an eligible contract participant at such time. If a Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement governing more than one Swap Contract, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swap Contracts for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition. Excluded Taxes means, with respect to any Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document (each, a Recipient ), (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, that are Other Connection Taxes or otherwise imposed by any jurisdiction as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office in or maintaining an Applicable Lending Office in such jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof), (b) any U.S. federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to a Recipient pursuant to a law in effect at the time such Recipient becomes a party to this Agreement (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 3.06) or changes its Applicable Lending Office; provided that, this clause (b) shall not apply to the extent that (x) the indemnity payments or additional amounts any Recipient would be entitled to receive (without regard to this clause (b)) do not exceed the indemnity payment or additional amounts that the Recipient s assignor (if any) was entitled to receive immediately prior to the assignment to such Recipient, or that such Recipient was entitled to receive immediately prior to its change in Applicable Lending Office, as applicable, (c) any Tax resulting from a failure of such Recipient to comply with Section 3.01(f) or Section 3.01(g), as applicable, and (d) any withholding Tax imposed pursuant to FATCA. Existing Credit Facility has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. Existing Letters of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a)(i). Extended Revolving Credit Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a)(i). Extended Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a)(ii). Extension has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a). Extension Offer has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a). Expiring Credit Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(f). Facility means a Class of Term Loans or the Revolving Credit Facility, as the context may require. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (and any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) or any current or future Treasury regulations with respect thereto or other official administrative interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version described above) and any intergovernmental agreements (and any related laws, regulations or official administrative guidance) implementing the foregoing. FCPA has the meaning specified in Section 5.20. 36 

Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1 charged to DBNY on such day on such transactions as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent; provided that in no event shall the Federal Funds Rate at any time be less than 0.00 per annum. Financial Covenant means the covenant set forth in Section 7.09(a). First Amendment means that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, among the Administrative Agent, Borrower, the Loan Parties party thereto and the Revolving Credit Lenders party thereto. First Amendment Effective Date means June 12, 2020. First Lien Intercreditor Agreement means the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2, among the Collateral Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent under the Senior Secured Notes, and the representatives for purposes thereof for holders of one or more other classes of Indebtedness, the Borrower and the other parties thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the requirements thereof and of this Agreement, and which shall also include any replacement intercreditor agreement entered into in accordance with the terms hereof. First Lien Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated First Lien Debt as of the last day of such Test Period to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period. First Tier Foreign Subsidiary means a Foreign Subsidiary whose Equity Interests are directly owned by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor. Fixed Amounts has the meaning specified in Section 1.13. Fixed Incremental Amount means (i) the greater of 610,000,000 and 100 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period minus (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Incremental Facilities, Incremental Equivalent Debt and/or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.03(r)(ii)(A), in each case incurred or issued in reliance on this definition. Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.00 . Foreign Plan means any employee benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement maintained or contributed to by, or entered into with, any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to employees outside the United States. Foreign Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. Fronting Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h). Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 37 

Funded Debt means all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for borrowed money that matures more than one year from the date of its creation or matures within one year from such date that is renewable or extendable, at the option of such Person, to a date more than one year from such date or arises under a revolving credit or similar agreement that obligates the lender or lenders to extend credit during a period of more than one year from such date, including Indebtedness in respect of the Loans. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, as in effect from time to time; provided that (A) if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that it requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Closing Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith, (B) at any time after the Closing Date, the Borrower may elect, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, to apply IFRS accounting principles in lieu of GAAP and, upon any such election, references herein to GAAP shall thereafter be construed to mean IFRS (except as otherwise provided herein), including as to the ability of the Borrower or the Required Lenders to make an election pursuant to clause (A) of this proviso, (C) any election made pursuant to clause (B) of this proviso, once made, shall be irrevocable, (D) any calculation or determination in this Agreement that requires the application of GAAP for periods that include fiscal quarters ended prior to the Borrower s election to apply IFRS shall remain as previously calculated or determined in accordance with GAAP and (E) the Borrower may only make an election pursuant to clause (B) of this proviso if it also elects to report any subsequent financial reports required to be made by the Borrower, including pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b), in IFRS. Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Lending Partners. Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state, provincial, country, territorial or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). Granting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(h). Guarantee Obligations means, as to any Person, without duplication, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien); provided that the term Guarantee Obligations shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case in the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee Obligation is made 38 

or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. Guarantees has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. Guarantors has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. Guaranty means, collectively, (a) the Guaranty substantially in the form of Exhibit E and (b) each other guaranty and guaranty supplement delivered pursuant to Section 6.10. Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes, and all other chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law due to their hazardous, toxic, dangerous or deleterious characteristics, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, friable asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas and toxic mold. Hedge Bank means any Person that is a Lender, Lead Arranger or Agent or an Affiliate of the foregoing (x) at the time it enters into (including by way of novation) a Swap Contract (regardless of whether such Person subsequently ceases to be a Lender, Lead Arranger or Agent or an Affiliate of the foregoing) or (y) as of the Closing Date (regardless of whether such Person subsequently ceases to be a Lender, Lead Arranger or Agent or an Affiliate of the foregoing) and that is a party to a Swap Contract in existence on the Closing Date a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, in its capacity as a counterparty to such Swap Contract. Holdings has the meaning specified in Section 8.06(a)(ii). Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i). IBA has the meaning specified in Section 3.02(b). IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the European Union. Immaterial Subsidiary means, at any date of determination, each Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that has been designated by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent as an Immaterial Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement (and not redesignated as a Material Subsidiary as provided below), provided that (a) for purposes of this Agreement, at the time of such designation the Consolidated Total Assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries (other than Foreign Subsidiaries and Unrestricted Subsidiaries) at the last day of the most recent Test Period shall not equal or exceed 5.0 of the Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries at such date, (b) the Borrower shall not designate any new Immaterial Subsidiary if such designation would not comply with the provisions set forth in clause (a) above, and (c) if the Consolidated Total Assets of all Restricted Subsidiaries so designated by the Borrower as Immaterial Subsidiaries (and not redesignated as Material Subsidiaries shall at any time exceed the limits set forth in clause (a) above, then all such Restricted Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be Material Subsidiaries unless and until the Borrower shall redesignate one or more Immaterial Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries, in each case in a written notice to the Administrative Agent, and, as a result thereof, the Consolidated Total Assets of all Restricted Subsidiaries still designated as Immaterial Subsidiaries do not exceed such limits; and provided, further that the Borrower may designate and re-designate a Restricted Subsidiary as an Immaterial Subsidiary at any time, subject to the terms set forth in this definition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Subsidiary shall be an Immaterial Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary is an Immaterial Subsidiary under (and as defined in) the ABL Credit Agreement and the Senior Secured Notes. For avoidance of doubt, none of the Borrowers (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) shall be an Immaterial Subsidiary hereunder. Impacted Loans has the meaning specified in Section 3.02(a). 39 

Incremental Cap means (a) the Fixed Incremental Amount, plus (b) (i) the amount of any optional prepayment of any Term Loan in accordance with Section 2.05(a) and/or the amount of any permanent reduction of any Initial Revolving Credit Commitment and (ii) the amount paid in Cash in respect of any reduction in the outstanding amount of any Term Loan resulting from any assignment of such Term B Loan to (and/or purchase of such Term B Loan by) the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, and/or application of any yank-a-bank provisions, so long as, in the case of any such optional prepayment, assignment and/or purchase, the relevant prepayment or assignment and/or purchase was not funded with the proceeds of any long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving indebtedness), plus (c) an unlimited amount so long as, in the case of this clause (c), after giving effect to the relevant Incremental Facility, (i) if such Incremental Facility is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien securing the Obligations on a first lien basis, the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed 5.00:1.00 (or, to the extent such Incremental Facility is incurred in connection with any acquisition or similar investment not prohibited by this Agreement, the greater of 5.00:1.00 and the First Lien Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period), (ii) if such Incremental Facility is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien securing the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Security Agreement) that are secured on a first lien basis, the Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed 5.25:1.00 (or, to the extent such Incremental Facility is incurred in connection with any acquisition or similar investment not prohibited by this Agreement, the greater of 5.25:1.00 and the Secured Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period) or (iii) if such Incremental Facility is unsecured, either at the Borrower s option (A) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 8.25:1.00 (or, to the extent such Incremental Facility is incurred in connection with any acquisition or similar investment not prohibited by this Agreement, the greater of 8.25:1.00 and the Total Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period) or (B) the Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than 2.00:1.00, for the most recently ended Test Period (or, to the extent such Incremental Facility is incurred in connection with any acquisition or similar investment not prohibited by this Agreement, the lesser of 2.00:1.00 and the Interest Coverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period), in each case described in this clause (c), calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, including the application of the proceeds thereof (without netting the cash proceeds of the applicable Incremental Facility on the consolidated statement of financial position of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries), and in the case of any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, assuming a full drawing of such Incremental Revolving Commitments; provided that: (x) Incremental Facilities and Incremental Equivalent Debt may be incurred under one or more of clauses (a) through (c) of this definition as selected by the Borrower in its sole discretion, (y) if Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt are intended to be incurred under clause (c) of this definition and any other clause of this definition in a single transaction or series of related transactions, (A) incurrence of the portion of such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred under clause (c) of this definition shall first be calculated without giving effect to any Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred under all other clauses of this definition, but giving full pro forma effect to the use of proceeds of all such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt and related transactions, and (B) thereafter, incurrence of the portion of such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred under such other applicable clauses of this definition shall be calculated, and (z) any portion of Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred under clauses (a) and (b) of this definition may be reclassified, as the Borrower elects from time to time, as incurred under clause (c) of this definition if such portion of Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt could at such time be incurred under clause (c) of this definition on a pro forma basis; provided, that upon delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01 following the initial incurrence of such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt under clauses (a) and (b) of this definition, if such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt could, based on any such financial 40 

statements, have been incurred under clause (c) of this definition, then such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt shall automatically be reclassified as incurred under the applicable provision of clause (c) above. Once such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt is reclassified in accordance with the preceding sentence, it shall not further be reclassified as incurred under the original basket pursuant to which such item was originally incurred. Incremental Equivalent Debt means Indebtedness incurred by the Loan Parties in the form of senior secured or unsecured notes or loans or junior secured or unsecured notes or loans and/or commitments in respect of any of the foregoing issued, incurred or implemented in lieu of loans under an Incremental Facility; provided that: (a) the aggregate outstanding amount thereof shall not exceed the Incremental Cap (as in effect at the time of determination, including giving effect to any reclassification on or prior to such date of determination), (b) except as otherwise agreed by the lenders or holders providing such notes or loans, no Event of Default exists immediately prior to or after giving effect to such notes or loans, (c) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity applicable to such notes or loans (other than Inside Maturity Loans) is no shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the then-existing Term B Loans (without giving effect to any prepayments thereof), (d) the final maturity date with respect to such notes or loans (other than Inside Maturity Loans) is no earlier than the Latest Maturity Date on the date of the issuance or incurrence, as applicable, thereof, (e) subject to clauses (c) and (d), may otherwise have an amortization schedule as determined by the Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Equivalent Debt, (f) in the case of any such Indebtedness in the form of Qualifying Term Loans incurred in reliance on clause (c) of the Incremental Cap, the MFN Provision shall apply, (g) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt is secured, such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, (h) such Indebtedness shall either (i) be in compliance with Section 2.14(b)(v) as if such Indebtedness were incurred thereunder or (ii) be on then market terms (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), and (i) no such Indebtedness may be (x) guaranteed by any Person which is not a Loan Party or (y) secured by any assets other than the Collateral (provided that, in the case of any Incremental Equivalent Debt that is funded into Escrow, such Incremental Equivalent Debt may be secured by the applicable funds and related assets held in Escrow (and the proceeds thereof until such Incremental Equivalent Debt is released from Escrow)). Incremental Facilities has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). Incremental Facility Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(e). Incremental Facility Closing Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(e). Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). Incremental Revolving Increase Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(e). 41 

Incremental Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). Incurrence Based Amounts has the meaning specified in Section 1.13. Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP: (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments to the extent the same would appear as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding footnotes thereto) of such Person in accordance with GAAP; (b) the maximum amount (after giving effect to any prior drawings or reductions which may have been reimbursed) of all letters of credit (including standby and commercial), banker s acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds and similar instruments issued or created by or for the account of such Person; (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract (with the amount of such net obligations being deemed to be the aggregate Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date); (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any earn-out obligation until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and if not paid within thirty (30) days after becoming due and payable, (iii) any other obligation that appears in the liabilities section of the balance sheet of such Person, to the extent (A) such Person is indemnified for the payment thereof by a solvent Person reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or (B) amounts to be applied to the payment therefor are in escrow and (iv) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits); (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements and mortgage, industrial revenue bond, industrial development bond and similar financings), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; (f) all Attributable Indebtedness; (g) all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests; and (h) all Guarantee Obligations of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. provided that (i) in no event shall any obligations under any Swap Contracts be deemed Indebtedness for any calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Interest Coverage Ratio or any other financial ratio under this Agreement, (ii) the amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith and (iii) the Indebtedness of any person shall, except for purposes of calculating the Interest Coverage Ratio to the extent the interest expense in respect thereof is not covered by proceeds held in Escrow or in connection with any test date of any Limited Condition Transaction or any test related to a subsequent transaction, exclude Indebtedness incurred in advance of, and the proceeds of which are to be applied in connection with, the consummation of a transaction solely to the extent the proceeds thereof are and continue to be held in an Escrow and are not otherwise made available to such person. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall (A) include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation, company, or limited liability 42 

company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, except to the extent such Person s liability for such Indebtedness is otherwise limited and only to the extent such Indebtedness would be included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt, (B) in the case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, exclude intercompany liabilities arising from their cash management, tax, and accounting operations and intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll-over or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (C) exclude (i) deferred or prepaid revenue, (ii) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller, (iii) Indebtedness of any parent entity appearing on the balance sheet of the Borrower solely by reason of push down accounting under GAAP and (iv) exclude obligations under or in respect of any Qualified Securitization Financing. Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning specified in Section 10.05. Indemnified Taxes means (a) all Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or in respect of any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise included in (a), Other Taxes. Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.05. Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.08. Initial Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01. Initial Lenders means the Lead Arrangers and their respective affiliates who are party to this Agreement as Lenders on the Closing Date. Inside Maturity Loans means (i) any customary bridge facility, so long as the long-term debt into which any customary bridge facility is to be converted satisfies any maturity and weighted average life limitations, (ii) any Customary Term A Loans and/or (iii) other Indebtedness under this clause (iii) in the aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 150,000,000 and (y) 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. Interest Coverage Ratio shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (i) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then last ended to (ii) the Consolidated Interest Expense (which, solely for purposes of issuances of Disqualified Equity Interests pursuant to Section 7.03(r)(ii)(z), Section 7.03(r)(iii)(z), Section 7.03(aa) or clause (c) of the Incremental Cap as Incremental Equivalent Debt, shall (i) also include the sum of all cash dividend payments (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) to fund any series of Disqualified Equity Interests of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such Test Period and (ii) shall include the dividends on the CCOH Preferred Stock to the extent required to be paid in cash) for such Test Period. Interest Payment Date means (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made; provided that if any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan exceeds three (3) months, the respective dates that fall every three (3) months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made. Interest Period means, as to (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Rate Loan and ending on the date one (1), two (2), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter (in each case, subject to availability) as selected by the Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice, or such other period that is twelve (12) months, less than one month or such other period as may be requested by the Borrower and in each case, consented to by all the Lenders of such Eurocurrency Rate Loan; provided that: 43 

(a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; (b) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower may select an initial Interest Period for the Term B Loans ending on the date that is no more than three (3) months after the Closing Date that is, subject to clause (a) of this definition of Interest Period, the first Business Day of the first fiscal quarter following the Closing Date.; and (ii) any SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date of such SOFR Loan or SOFR Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability thereof), as specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice; provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period, (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Commitment Termination Date and (iv) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 3.09(d) shall be available for specification in such Committed Loan Notice. For purposes hereof, the date of a SOFR Loan or SOFR Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such SOFR Loan or SOFR Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Loan or Borrowing. Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests or debt or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee Obligation with respect to any Obligation of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person (excluding, in the case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, intercompany loans, advances, or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll-over or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business) or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the property and assets or business of another Person or assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of such Person. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment, but in each case, without duplication of any adjustments to the amount of Investments permitted under Section 7.02 (other than Section 7.02(y)), net of any return in respect thereof, including dividends, interest, distributions, returns of principal, profits on sale, repayments, income and similar amounts. Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S P, or an equivalent rating by S P, or an equivalent rating by Fitch, Inc. IP Rights has the meaning specified in Section 5.14. ISDA CDS Definitions has the meaning specified in Section 10.01. 44 

ISP means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). JPMorgan means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Junior Debt means any third party Indebtedness for borrowed money (excluding any intercompany Indebtedness) that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations with an outstanding principal amount in excess of the greater of (x) 50,000,000 and (y) 8.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. For the avoidance of doubt, Junior Debt shall not include the ABL Facility and/or the Stepped Up Notes. Junior Debt Documents means the agreements governing any Junior Debt. Judgment Currency has the meaning specified in Section 1.08(f). JV Entity means any joint venture of either the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is not a Subsidiary. L/C Advance means, with respect to each Revolving Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility, such Lender s funding of its participation in any relevant L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. L/C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the applicable Honor Date or refinanced as a Revolving Credit Borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility. L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. L/C Commitment means, as to any L/C Issuer, its commitment to issue Letters of Credit, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, pursuant to Section 2.03, in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed (a) in the case of any L/C Issuer party hereto as of the Closing Date, the amount set forth opposite such L/C Issuer s name on Schedule 2.01 under the heading Letter of Credit Commitments and (b) in the case of any Revolving Lender that becomes a L/C Issuer hereunder thereafter, that amount which shall be set forth in the written agreement by which such Lender shall become an L/C Issuer, in each case as the maximum outstanding amount of Letters of Credit to be issued by such L/C Issuer, as such commitment may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof or with the agreement in writing of such Lender, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and, in the event such commitment is decreased, the other L/C Issuers. The aggregate L/C Commitments of all the L/C Issuers shall be less than or equal to the Letter of Credit Sublimit at all times. L/C Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the undrawn portion of the Outstanding Amount of all Letters of Credit at such time and (b) the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Borrowings in respect of Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The L/C Exposure of (i) any L/C Issuer under the Revolving Credit Facility shall be the aggregate L/C Exposure in respect of all Letters of Credit issued by that L/C Issuer (other than for purposes of determining such aggregate L/C Exposure for purposes of determining such L/C Issuer s unused L/C Commitment, net of any participations by other Revolving Credit Lenders in such Letters of Credit) and (ii) any Revolving Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility at any time shall be the aggregate amount of all participations by that Lender in the aggregate L/C Exposure at such time which shall be in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate L/C Exposure at such time. L/C Issuer means, initially, DBNY, MS, JPMorgan, Barclays, Goldman Sachs and Wells Fargo in their respective capacities as issuers of Letters of Credit hereunder and each other Revolving Credit Lender reasonably acceptable to each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that has entered into a letter of credit issuer agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, in 45 

each case, in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, together with their respective permitted successors and assigns in such capacity. Each L/C Issuer may arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such L/C Issuer, in which case the L/C Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. In the event that there is more than one L/C Issuer at any time, references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the L/C Issuer shall be deemed to refer to the L/C Issuer in respect of the applicable Letter of Credit or to all L/C Issuers, as the context requires. L/C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate maximum amount then available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts in respect of Letters of Credit, including all L/C Borrowings in respect thereof. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.09. For all purposes under this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.13 or 3.14 of the ISP, article 29 of the UCP, or any similar provision under the applicable law or the express terms of the Letter of Credit, the Outstanding Amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the amount so remaining available to be drawn. Latest Maturity Date means, at any date of determination, the latest Maturity Date applicable to any Loan or Commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity date of any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment, Additional Revolving Credit Commitment, Extended Term Loan or Incremental Term Loan, in each case as extended in accordance with this Agreement from time to time. Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state, provincial and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority. LCT Election has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(a). LCT Provisions means the provisions of Section 1.10. LCT Test Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(a). Lead Arrangers means Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC and Goldman Sachs Lending Partners, each in its capacity as Lead Arranger under this Agreement and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, in its capacity as a manager under the Revolving Credit Facility, and each of the forgoing, in its capacity as a joint bookrunner under this Agreement. Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement and, as the context requires (including, without limitation, for purposes of Sections 3.03 and 10.22), includes any L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender, and its successors and assigns as permitted hereunder, each of which is referred to herein as a Lender. Lender Participation Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(d)(iii). Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued hereunder (including, in the case of any Existing Letter of Credit, deemed to be issued hereunder). Each Letter of Credit shall be a standby letter of credit. Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the relevant L/C Issuer. 46 

Letter of Credit Facility Expiration Date means, for Letters of Credit under the Revolving Credit Facility, the day that is five (5) Business Days prior to the scheduled Maturity Date then in effect for the Revolving Credit Facility (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 125,000,000 and (b) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facilities. LIBOR has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate . LIBOR Quoted Currency means each of the following currencies: Dollars; Euro; Sterling; Yen; and Swiss Franc; in each case as long as there is a published LIBOR rate with respect thereto. Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, assignment (by way of security or otherwise), deemed trust, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any Capitalized Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). Limited Condition Acquisition means any acquisition, including by way of merger, amalgamation or consolidation, by one or more of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries of any assets, business or Person, the consummation of which is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party acquisition financing. Limited Condition Transaction means (i) a Limited Condition Acquisition or (ii) any redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of indebtedness requiring irrevocable notice in advance of such redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment. Liquidity means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Unrestricted Cash Amount of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on such date plus (ii) the excess of Revolving Credit Commitments over Revolving Credit Exposure on such date plus (iii) Excess Availability (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof) on such date; provided that the amounts in clauses (ii) and (iii) shall be added only if the conditions precedent to borrowing (other than the delivery of a borrowing notice) shall be satisfied on such date. Liquidity Covenant means the covenant set forth in Section 7.09(b)(i). Liquidity Covenant Trigger Date has the meaning specified in Section 8.05(d). Liquidity Cure Period has the meaning specified in Section 8.05(d). Liquidity Testing Period means the period commencing on the first date of the Relief Period and ending on the date of delivery of the Compliance Certificate with respect to the period ended March 31, 2022. Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Term Loan or a Revolving Credit Loan (including any Incremental Term Loans, any Extended Term Loans, loans made pursuant to any Additional Revolving Credit Commitment, loans made pursuant to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments) or a Swingline Loan. Loan Documents means, collectively, (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Notes, (iii) each Guaranty, (iv) the Collateral Documents and (v) any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement that is entered into, in each case as amended. 47 

Loan Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party or other Subsidiary arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, fees and other amounts that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, fees and other amounts are allowed or allowable in such proceeding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Loan Obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents (and of any of their Subsidiaries to the extent they have obligations under the Loan Documents) include (a) the obligation (including guarantee obligations) to pay principal, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, reimbursement obligations, charges, expenses, fees, Attorney Costs, indemnities and other amounts, in each case, payable by any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Agent or Lender, in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary. Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor. Local Time means local time in New York City. Losses has the meaning specified in Section 10.05. Market Capitalization means an amount equal to (i) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock or common equity interests of the Borrower or its direct or indirect parent on the date of the declaration of a Restricted Payment multiplied by (ii) the arithmetic mean of the closing prices per share of such common stock or common equity interests on the principal securities exchange on which such common stock or common equity interests are traded for the thirty (30) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of declaration of such Restricted Payment. Master Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Swap Contract. Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on the (a) ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their payment obligations under any Loan Document to which any of the Loan Parties is a party or (b) rights and remedies of the Agents (acting on behalf of the Lenders) under any Loan Document. Material Real Property means any fee owned real property of a Loan Party as of the Closing Date and/or acquired by any Loan Party after the Closing Date and located in the United States with a book value in excess of 25,000,000 (as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith as of the Closing Date or, if acquired thereafter, as of the date of such acquisition, as applicable). Material Subsidiary means, at any date of determination, each Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not an Immaterial Subsidiary (but including, in any case, any Restricted Subsidiary that has been designated as a Material Subsidiary as provided in, or has been designated as an Immaterial Subsidiary in a manner that does not comply with, the definition of Immaterial Subsidiary ). Maturity Date means (a)(x) with respect to each Revolving Credit Facility, the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date and (y) with respect to any Additional Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, the maturity date applicable to such Additional Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with the terms hereof and (b)(x) with respect to Term B Loans, the seventh year anniversary of the Closing Date (the Term B Loan Maturity Date or (y) with respect to any (i) Extended Term Loan, the maturity date applicable to such Extended Term Loan in accordance with the terms hereof or (ii) Incremental Term Loan, the maturity date applicable to such Incremental Term Loan in accordance with the terms hereof; provided that if any such day is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately preceding such day. 48 

Maximum Tender Condition has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(b). MFN Provision has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(b). Minimum Extension Condition has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b). Minimum Liquidity Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 7.09(b)(ii). Minimum Tender Condition has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(b). Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. Mortgage means, collectively, the deeds of trust, trust deeds, deeds of hypothecation, security deeds, and mortgages creating and evidencing a Lien on a Mortgaged Property made by the Loan Parties in favor or for the benefit of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, and any other mortgages executed and delivered pursuant to Section 6.10 and/or Section 6.12, as applicable. Mortgage Policies has the meaning specified in paragraph (f) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. Mortgaged Property means each real property owned by any Loan Party, if any, which shall be subject to a Mortgage delivered pursuant to Section 6.10 and/or Section 6.12, as applicable. Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the immediately preceding six (6) years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. MS means Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. Net Cash Proceeds means: (a) with respect to the Disposition of any asset by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any Casualty Event, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event (including any cash or Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received and, with respect to any Casualty Event, any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of such Casualty Event actually received by or paid to or for the account of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (excluding any business interruption insurance proceeds)) over (ii) the sum of (A) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness that is secured by the asset subject to such Disposition or Casualty Event and that is required to be repaid (and is timely repaid) in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents and Indebtedness that is secured by Liens ranking junior to or pari passu with the Liens securing Indebtedness under the Loan Documents), (B) the out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including attorneys fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees) actually incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event, (C) taxes and Tax Distributions paid or reasonably estimated to be actually payable in connection therewith (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any income, withholding and other taxes payable as a result of the distribution of such proceeds to the Borrower), (D) [reserved] and (E) any reserve for adjustment in respect of (x) the sale price of such asset or assets established in accordance with GAAP and (y) any liabilities associated with such asset or assets and retained by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after such sale or other disposition thereof, including pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or with respect to any indemnification obligations associated with such transaction, it being 49 

understood that Net Cash Proceeds shall include (i) any cash or Cash Equivalents received upon the Disposition of any non-cash consideration by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in any such Disposition and (ii) upon the reversal (without the satisfaction of any applicable liabilities in cash in a corresponding amount) of any reserve described in clause (E) above or if such liabilities have not been satisfied in cash and such reserve is not reversed within 365 days after such Disposition or Casualty Event, the amount of such reserve; provided that no net cash proceeds calculated in accordance with the foregoing realized in a single transaction or series of related transactions shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds under this clause (a) unless such net cash proceeds shall exceed the greater of (x) 25,000,000 and (y) 4.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period for such individual transaction until the aggregate amount of all such net cash proceeds in such fiscal year that are excluded shall exceed the greater of (x) 50,000,000 and (y) 8.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period (and thereafter only net cash proceeds in excess of such amount shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds under this clause (a)); and (b) (i) with respect to the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, the excess, if any, of (x) the sum of the cash received in connection with such incurrence or issuance over (y) the investment banking fees, underwriting discounts, commissions, costs and other out-of-pocket expenses and other customary expenses incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary (or, in the case of taxes, any member thereof) in connection with such incurrence or issuance and, in the case of Indebtedness of any Foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower, deductions in respect of withholding taxes that are or would otherwise be payable in cash if such funds were repatriated to the United States and (ii) with respect to any Permitted Equity Issuance by any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, the amount of cash from such Permitted Equity Issuance contributed to the capital of the Borrower. Net Short Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.01. Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 3.06(d). Non-Extending Lender has the meaning specified in Section 3.06(d). Non-Loan Party means any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Loan Party. Non-extension Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii). Non-U.S. Discretionary Guarantor has the meaning specified in Section 6.10(a)(i). Non-Expiring Credit Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(f). Note means a Term Note, a Revolving Credit Note or Swingline Note as the context may require. Obligations means all (x) Loan Obligations, (y) obligations of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary arising under any Secured Hedge Agreement and (z) Cash Management Obligations; provided that the Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations. OFAC has the meaning specified in Section 5.19. Offered Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(d)(iii). Organization Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation or company, the certificate or articles of incorporation, the memorandum and articles of association, any certificates of change of name and/or the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); and (c) 50 

with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and any agreement, declaration, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. Other Benchmark Rate Election means the occurrence of: (a) a notification by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed), in lieu of a SOFR-based rate, an alternative benchmark rate as a benchmark rate, and (b) the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and the Borrower jointly elect to trigger a fallback from the then-current Benchmark and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Borrower and the Lenders. Other Pari Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(i). Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary Taxes and any other property, intangible, recording or similar Taxes which arise from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, excluding, in each case, any such Tax that is an Other Connection Tax resulting from an Assignment and Assumption or transfer or assignment (other than an assignment pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 3.06). Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to any Loan on any date, the outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments thereof (including any refinancing of outstanding Unreimbursed Amounts under Letters of Credit or L/C Borrowings as a Revolving Credit Borrowing) occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, Unreimbursed Amount, L/C Borrowing or L/C Obligations on any date, the outstanding amount thereof on such date after giving effect to any related L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes thereto as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements of outstanding Unreimbursed Amounts under related Letters of Credit (including any refinancing of outstanding Unreimbursed Amounts under related Letters of Credit or related L/C Credit Extensions as a Revolving Credit Borrowing) or any reductions in the maximum amount available for drawing under related Letters of Credit taking effect on such date. Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate reasonably determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in the applicable Alternative Currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of DBNY in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency to major banks in such interbank market. Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(e). 51 

Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(e). PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate or to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding six (6) years. Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . Permitted Acquisition has the meaning specified in Section 7.02(j). Permitted Exchange has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(a). Permitted Exchange Securities has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(a). Permitted Exchange Offer has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(a). Permitted Equity Issuance means any sale or issuance of any Qualified Equity Interests. Permitted Liens means any Liens permitted by Section 7.01. Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Person, any modification (other than a release of such Person), refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any Indebtedness of such Person; provided that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other reasonable amounts paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, and as otherwise permitted under Section 7.03, (b) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(f), such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension (other than any Inside Maturity Loans) has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, (c) to the extent such Indebtedness being so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is secured by a Lien on the Collateral, (i) the Lien securing such Indebtedness as modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended shall not be senior in priority to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended unless such Lien is otherwise permitted under any basket or exception under Section 7.01 (with such amounts constituting utilization of the applicable basket or exception under Section 7.01) and/or an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement is entered into and (ii) shall not be secured by any additional assets that do not constitute Collateral unless such additional assets substantially concurrently become Collateral or a Lien on such assets is otherwise permitted under any basket or exception under Section 7.01 (with such amounts constituting utilization of the applicable basket or exception under Section 7.01), (d) to the extent such Indebtedness being so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is guaranteed by a Guarantee, such Indebtedness as modified, refinanced, renewed or extended shall not have any additional guarantees unless such additional guarantees are substantially simultaneously provided in respect of the Loans and Commitments under this Agreement and (e) if such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(c), (i) to the extent such Indebtedness being so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Obligations, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, (ii) the terms and conditions of such Indebtedness (excluding pricing, call protection, premiums and prepayment or redemption terms 52 

or covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the maturity date of the Loans being refinanced) shall be either, taken as a whole, no more favorable to the lenders providing such Indebtedness, in their capacity as such or be on market terms at the time of the establishment of such Indebtedness (in each case, as reasonably determined by the Borrower) (except for (x) covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the latest maturity date of the relevant Loans being refinanced or (y) to the extent any more restrictive covenant or provision is added for the benefit of (A) with respect to any such Indebtedness incurred as term B loans, such covenant or provision is also added for the benefit of each Facility remaining outstanding after the incurrence or issuance of such Indebtedness or (B) with respect to any revolving facility or Customary Term A Loans, such covenant or provision (except to the extent only applicable after the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility) is also added for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Facility to the extent it remains outstanding after the incurrence of such Indebtedness; it being understood and agreed that in each such case, no consent of the Administrative Agent and/or any Lender shall be required in connection with adding such covenant or provision); provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement, shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such five Business Day period that it disagrees with such determination (including a reasonable description of the basis upon which it disagrees) and (iii) such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension is incurred by a Person who is the obligor of the Indebtedness being so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended. Permitted Sale Leaseback means any Sale Leaseback consummated by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date for an aggregate amount for all such Sale Leasebacks not to exceed the greater of (x) 60,000,000 and (y) 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; provided that any such Sale Leaseback not between (x) a Loan Party and another Loan Party or (y) a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party and another Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party must be, in each case, consummated for fair value as determined at the time of consummation in good faith by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary (which such determination may take into account any retained interest or other Investment of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with, and any other material economic terms of, such Sale Leaseback). Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than a Foreign Plan, established or maintained by any Loan Party or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. Plan of Reorganization has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(l)(iii). Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. Post-Acquisition Period means, with respect to any Permitted Acquisition or the conversion of any Unrestricted Subsidiary into a Restricted Subsidiary, the period beginning on the date such Permitted Acquisition or conversion is consummated and ending on the last day of the fourth full consecutive fiscal quarter immediately following the date on which such Permitted Acquisition or conversion is consummated. Pounds Sterling means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. Prepayment Asset Sale means a Disposition under Sections 7.05(l), 7.05(m) and/or 7.05(v). Principal Office means, for each of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and each L/C Issuer, such Person s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02, or such other address 53 

or account as such Person may from time to time notify in writing to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuers. Proceeding has the meaning specified in Section 10.05. Pro Forma Adjustment means, for any Test Period that includes all or any part of a fiscal quarter included in any Post-Acquisition Period, with respect to the Acquired EBITDA of the applicable Acquired Entity or Business or Converted Restricted Subsidiary or the Consolidated EBITDA, (a) the pro forma increase or decrease in such Acquired EBITDA or such Consolidated EBITDA, as the case may be, that is expected to have a continuing impact and (b) additional good faith pro forma adjustments arising out of cost savings initiatives attributable to such transaction and additional costs associated with the combination of the operations of such Acquired Entity or Business or Converted Restricted Subsidiary with the operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case being given pro forma effect, which actions (i) have been taken or (ii) will be taken or implemented within the succeeding twenty-four (24) months following such transaction and, in each case, including, but not limited to, (w) reduction in personnel expenses, (x) reduction of costs related to administrative functions, (y) reductions of costs related to leased or owned properties and (z) reductions from the consolidation of operations and streamlining of corporate overhead) taking into account, for purposes of determining such compliance, the historical financial statements of the Acquired Entity or Business or Converted Restricted Subsidiary and the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, assuming such Permitted Acquisition or conversion, and all other Permitted Acquisitions or conversions that have been consummated during the period, and any Indebtedness or other liabilities repaid in connection therewith had been consummated and incurred or repaid at the beginning of such period (and assuming that such Indebtedness to be incurred bears interest during any portion of the applicable measurement period prior to the relevant acquisition at the interest rate which is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination); provided that, so long as such actions are initiated during such Post-Acquisition Period or such costs are incurred during such Post-Acquisition Period, as applicable, for purposes of projecting such pro forma increase or decrease to such Acquired EBITDA or such Consolidated EBITDA, as the case may be, it may be assumed that such cost savings will be realizable during the entirety of such Test Period, or such additional costs, as applicable, will be incurred during the entirety of such Test Period; provided, further that at the election of the Borrower, such Pro Forma Adjustment shall not be required to be determined for any Acquired Entity or Business or Converted Restricted Subsidiary to the extent the aggregate consideration paid in connection with such acquisition was less than 25,000,000. Pro Forma Basis and Pro Forma Effect mean, with respect to compliance with any test hereunder for an applicable period of measurement, that (A) to the extent applicable, the Pro Forma Adjustment shall have been made and (B) all Specified Transactions and the following transactions in connection therewith that have been made during the applicable period of measurement or, except for determining the Applicable Rate and for determining actual compliance with the Financial Covenant, subsequent to such period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation is made shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable period of measurement (as of the last date in the case of a balance sheet item) in such test: (a) income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Specified Transaction, (i) in the case of a Disposition of all or substantially all Equity Interests in any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower or any division, product line, or facility used for operations of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, shall be excluded, and (ii) in the case of a Permitted Acquisition or Investment described in the definition of Specified Transaction, shall be included, (b) any retirement of Indebtedness, and (c) any Indebtedness incurred or assumed by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection therewith and if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate which is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination; provided that, (1) without limiting the application of the Pro Forma Adjustment pursuant to clause (A) above, the foregoing pro forma adjustments may be applied to any such test solely to the extent that such adjustments are consistent with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA and give effect to events (including cost savings, synergies and operating expense reductions) that are (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) (i) (x) directly attributable to such transaction, (y) expected to have a continuing impact on the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (z) factually supportable or (ii) otherwise consistent with the definition of Pro Forma Adjustment and (2) in connection with any Specified Transaction that is the incurrence of Indebtedness in respect of which compliance with any specified leverage ratio test is by the terms of this Agreement 54 

required to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, (I) the proceeds of such Indebtedness shall not be netted from Indebtedness in the calculation of the applicable leverage ratio test and (II) subject to Section 1.11, if such Indebtedness is a revolving facility, (other than in respect of actual compliance with the Financial Covenant) the incurrence or repayment of any indebtedness in respect of such revolving facility (including the Revolving Credit Facility) included in such financial covenant ratio or incurrence test calculation immediately prior to or simultaneously with the incurrence of such indebtedness for which the pro forma calculation of such ratio or test is being made and/or any drawing under any revolving facilities used to finance working capital needs of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), shall be disregarded but, for avoidance of doubt, shall thereafter be included in any future calculations after giving effect to any prepayments or other Specified Transactions with respect thereto. Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(d)(ii). PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. Public Company Costs means, as to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, costs associated with, or in anticipation of, or preparation for, compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith and costs relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act or any other comparable body of laws, rules or regulations, as companies with listed equity, directors compensation, fees and expense reimbursement, costs relating to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders, directors and officers insurance and other executive costs, legal and other professional fees, and listing fees, in each case to the extent arising by virtue of the listing of the Borrower s or its direct or indirect parent s equity or issuance by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries of public debt securities. Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. Public Offer has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(a)(ii). QFC has the meaning specified in Section 10.25(b). QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified in Section 10.25. Qualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interests of the Borrower that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. Qualified Securitization Financing means any Securitization Facility that is non-recourse to the Borrower or any Subsidiaries (other than Standard Securitization Undertakings) other than a Securitization Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of 175 million and 30 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period that meets the following conditions: (i) the Borrower shall have determined in good faith that such Securitization Facility is in the aggregate economically fair and reasonable to Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries, (ii) all sales of Securitization Assets and related assets by Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to the Securitization Subsidiary or any other Person are made for fair consideration (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) and (iii) the financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions thereof shall be fair and reasonable terms (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) and may include Standard Securitization Undertakings. Qualifying Lenders has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(d)(iv). Qualifying Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(d)(iv). Qualifying Term Loans means term loans that are (i) effective prior to the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date, (ii) denominated in Dollars in the form of syndicated term loans (other than customary bridge loans or Customary Term A Loans), secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Term 55 

B Loans in right of payment and with respect to security, (iii) the maturity of which is prior to the date one year after the Term B Loan Maturity Date and (iv) is in an aggregate original principal amount for all term loans incurred with respect to the applicable provision, in excess of the greater of (x) 100,000,000 and (y) 16.5 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. Refinancing has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments means Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments that are designated by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments in a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date of incurrence. Refinancing Term Loans means Incremental Term Loans that are designated by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as Refinancing Term Loans in a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date of incurrence. Refunded Swingline Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(c)(i). Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(d). Regulated Bank means an Approved Bank that is (i) a U.S. depository institution the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; (ii) a corporation organized under section 25A of the U.S. Federal Reserve Act of 1913; (iii) a branch, agency or commercial lending company of a foreign bank operating pursuant to approval by and under the supervision of the Board under 12 CFR part 211; (iv) a non-U.S. branch of a foreign bank managed and controlled by a U.S. branch referred to in clause (iii); or (v) any other U.S. or non-U.S. depository institution or any branch, agency or similar office thereof supervised by a bank regulatory authority in any jurisdiction. REIT means a real estate investment trust as defined under Sections 856 860 of the Code. REIT Conversion Transaction means any of the following transactions entered into in connection with, or in contemplation of, a REIT Election: (i) a Disposition in accordance with Section 7.05(v), (ii) the payment of any dividends or distributions in accordance with Section 7.06(g)(viii) and (iii) any other transaction consummated in connection with, or in contemplation of, a REIT Election. REIT Conversion Transaction Requirement means, after giving effect to the relevant REIT Conversion Transaction, (a) there is no Default or Event of Default and (b) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 5.50:1.00, as calculated on a Pro Forma Basis. REIT Election means an election by the Borrower (or its applicable parent entity) to be treated as a REIT; provided that, (x) the Borrower (or its applicable parent entity) has publicly announced its intention to become a REIT and (y) as of such election, on a Pro Forma Basis, after giving effect to all related REIT Conversion Transactions the REIT Conversion Transaction Requirement is satisfied. Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. Rejection Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(v). Release means any release, spill, emission, discharge, disposal, leaking, pumping, pouring, dumping, emptying, injection or leaching of Hazardous Materials into or through the Environment or into, from or through any building, structure or facility. 56 

Relief Period has the meaning specified in Section 7.09. Relief Period Termination Date has the meaning specified in Section 7.09. Reorganization means any reorganization of any of the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries implemented in order to optimize the tax position of such entities or any parent thereof (as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith) so long as such reorganization does not materially impair any Guarantee or security interests of the Lenders and is otherwise not materially adverse to the Lenders in their capacity as such, taken as a whole, and after giving effect to such restructuring, the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries otherwise comply with the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and Section 6.10. Replacement CCOH Preferred Stock has the meaning specified in Section 7.06(s). Reportable Event means, with respect to any Pension Plan, any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, other than events for which the thirty (30) day notice period has been waived. Repricing Event means with respect to the Term B Loans (i) any prepayment or repayment of Term B Loans with the proceeds of, or any conversion of Term B Loans into, any new or replacement tranche of term loans secured on a pari passu basis with the Term B Loans that is broadly syndicated bearing interest with an All-In-Rate less than the All-In-Rate applicable to the Term B Loans prepaid, repaid or replaced and (ii) any amendment (including pursuant to a replacement term loan as contemplated by Section 10.01 and any assignment of Term B Loans pursuant to Section 3.06) to the Term B Loans which reduces the All-In-Rate applicable to any Term B Loans, but in each case of clauses (i) and (ii) excluding in connection with (x) a Transformative Transaction or (y) a Change of Control; provided that in the cases of clauses (i) and (ii), the primary purpose of such prepayment, repayment or amendment is to reduce the All-In Rate. Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application and (c) with respect to a Swingline Loan, a Committed Loan Notice. Required Debt Terms shall mean in respect of any Indebtedness, (a) other than in the case of Indebtedness of non-Loan Parties, either (i) compliance with Section 2.14(b)(v) or (ii) incurrence on then current market terms (as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith), (b) other than in the case of Inside Maturity Loans, compliance with Sections 2.14(b)(iii) and (iv), in each case, as if such Indebtedness were incurred thereunder and (c) solely in the case of Qualifying Term Loans and only to the extent incurred in reliance on clause (c) of the Incremental Cap, Section 7.03(r)(ii)(B)(x) or Section 7.03(r)(iii)(x), compliance with the MFN Provisions. Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders holding more than 50 of the sum of the (a) Total Outstandings (with the aggregate Outstanding Amount of each Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition), (b) aggregate unused Term Commitments and (c) aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that the unused Term Commitment and unused Revolving Credit Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for all purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. Required Revolving Credit Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50.0 in the aggregate of the Revolving Credit Commitments plus after the termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Credit Facility, the Revolving Credit Exposure under such Revolving Credit Facility of all Lenders; provided that the Revolving Credit Commitment and the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for all purposes of making a determination of Required Revolving Credit Lenders. 57 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller or other similar officer of a Loan Party and, as to any document delivered on a Closing Date, any secretary or assistant secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. Restricted Casualty Event has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(vi). Restricted Disposition has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(vi). Restricted Group means, collectively, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interest in the Borrower, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the holders of Equity Interests of the Borrower. Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary; it being agreed that, unless otherwise specified, Restricted Subsidiary shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary of Borrower. Retained Declined Proceeds has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(v). Revolving Credit Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of Revolving Credit Loans of the same Class, Type and currency, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. Revolving Credit Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Credit Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit, expressed as an amount representing the maximum possible aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06 and (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.14. The initial amount of each Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment on the Closing Date is set forth on Schedule 2.01 under the caption Revolving Credit Commitment, or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving Credit Commitment, as the case may be. The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments on the Closing Date is 175,000,000. Revolving Credit Commitment Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time for any Lender, the sum of (a) the Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Loans of such Lender outstanding at such time, (b) the L/C Exposure of such Lender at such time and (c) such Lender s (including the Swingline Lender s) Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swingline Loans. Revolving Credit Facility means the Revolving Credit Commitments and the extension of credit made thereunder. 58 

Revolving Credit Lender means a Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment or, if the Revolving Credit Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with Revolving Credit Exposure. Revolving Credit Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(b). Revolving Credit Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Revolving Credit Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit F-1 hereto with appropriate insertions, evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Revolving Credit Lender resulting from the Revolving Credit Loans made by such Revolving Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility. S P means Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary S P Global Inc. Sale Leaseback means any transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of any property, real or personal, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and (b) as part of such transaction, thereafter rents or leases such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold, transferred or disposed. Sanctions has the meaning specified in Section 5.19. SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement means an intercreditor agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the requirements thereof and of this Agreement, and which shall also include any replacement intercreditor agreement entered into in accordance with the terms hereof. Secured Hedge Agreement means any Swap Contract permitted hereunder that is entered into by and between (a) any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (or any Person that merges into or becomes a Restricted Subsidiary) designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, and (b) any Hedge Bank; provided that (a) a single notice of a specified Master Agreement shall be deemed to designate all swaps under such Master Agreement as a Secured Hedge Agreement and (b) any such designation of a Secured Hedge Agreement shall be irrevocable unless the relevant Hedge Bank consents in writing to such revocation; provided, further that in no event shall any Swap Contract constitute a Secured Hedge Agreement hereunder to the extent that obligations of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary under such Swap Contract constitute ABL Obligations. Secured Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Secured Debt as of the last day of such Test Period to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period. Secured Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arrangers, the Lenders, L/C Issuers, the Hedge Banks, the Cash Management Banks, the Supplemental Administrative Agent and each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.01(c). Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933. Securitization Asset means (a) any accounts receivable, mortgage receivables, loan receivables, receivables or loans relating to the financing of insurance premiums, royalty, patent or other revenue streams and other rights to payment or related assets and the proceeds thereof and any properties, assets (including Billboards) and revenue streams associated with the Americas Outdoor Advertising segment of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (b) all collateral securing such receivable or asset, all contracts and contract rights, guarantees or other obligations in respect of such receivable or asset, lockbox accounts and records with respect to such account 59 

or asset and any other assets customarily transferred (or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted) together with accounts or assets in connection with a securitization, factoring or receivable sale transaction. Securitization Facility means any of one or more securitization, financing, factoring or sales transactions, and/or receivables purchase agreements, in each case, as amended, supplemented, modified, extended, renewed, restated or refunded from time to time, pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries sells, transfers, pledges or otherwise conveys any Securitization Assets (whether now existing or arising in the future) to a Securitization Subsidiary or any other Person. Securitization Fees means distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any Securitization Asset or participation interest therein issued or sold in connection with, and other fees and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel) paid in connection with, any Qualified Securitization Financing. Securitization Repurchase Obligation means any obligation of a seller of Securitization Assets or Receivables Assets in a Qualified Securitization Financing to repurchase or otherwise make payments with respect to Securitization Assets arising as a result of a breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or otherwise, including as a result of a receivable or portion thereof becoming subject to any asserted defense, dispute, offset or counterclaim of any kind as a result of any action taken by, any failure to take action by or any other event relating to the seller. Securitization Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower in each case formed for the purpose of and that solely engages in one or more Qualified Securitization Financings and other activities reasonably related thereto or another Person formed for this purpose. Security Agreement means, collectively, the Security Agreement executed by the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Collateral Agent on the Closing Date substantially in the form of Exhibit G, as supplemented by any Security Agreement Supplement executed and delivered pursuant to Section 6.10. Security Agreement Supplement has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. Senior Secured Notes means 5.125 senior secured notes due 2027 issued by the Borrower, as Issuer, on the Closing Date. Senior Unsecured Notes means (i) those certain 6.50 Series A Notes due 2022 issued by Clear Channel Worldwide Holdings, Inc. on November 19, 2012 pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of November 19, 2012, by and among Clear Channel Worldwide Holdings, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and (ii) those certain Series B Notes due 2022 issued by Clear Channel Worldwide Holdings, Inc. on November 19, 2012 pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of November 19, 2012, by and among Clear Channel Worldwide Holdings, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. Step-Down Date means September 30, 2022; provided that if a Specified Event shall have occurred, the Step-Down Date shall be the later of (x) June 30, 2021 and (y) the last day of the fiscal quarter ended after the date on which such Specified Event shall have occurred. Stepped Up Notes means those certain 9.25 Notes due 2024 issued in an aggregate principal amount of 2,235,000,000 pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of February 12, 2019, by and among Clear Channel Worldwide Holdings, Inc., the Borrower, Clear Channel Outdoor, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. Similar Business means (a) any businesses, services or activities engaged in by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date, (b) any businesses, services and activities engaged in by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries that are related, complementary, incidental, ancillary or similar to any of the foregoing or are extensions or developments of any thereof and/or (c) a Person conducting a business, service or activity specified in 60 

clauses (a) and (b), and/or any Subsidiary thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, any Person that invests in or owns Equity Interests or Indebtedness of another Person that is engaged in a Similar Business shall be deemed to be engaged in a Similar Business. SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. SOFR Loan means any Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (ii)(d) of the definition of Base Rate . Sold Entity or Business has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Consolidated EBITDA. Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (i) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of debts and liabilities, contingent, subordinated or otherwise, of such Person, (ii) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (iii) such Person will be able to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as they become absolute and matured and (iv) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital; provided that the amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. SPC has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(h). Specified Asset Sale Proceeds means the Net Cash Proceeds of any Prepayment Asset Sale not required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans, which Net Cash Proceeds have not otherwise been reinvested in accordance with Section 2.05(b)(ii) or used to prepay any Other Pari Indebtedness (excluding any Net Cash Proceeds of Prepayment Asset Sales that constitute Specified Asset Sale Proceeds solely as a result of compliance with a Total Leverage Ratio of 5.50:1.00 as specified in the proviso to the definition of Asset Sale Percentage). Specified Event has the meaning specified in Section 7.09. Specified Event of Default means any Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), Section 8.01(f) or Section 8.01(g). Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution has the meaning specified in Section 8.05(d). Specified Loan Party means any Loan Party that is not an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined prior to giving effect to any applicable keep well, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor and any and all Guarantees of such Guarantor s Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties). Specified Transaction means any Investment, Disposition (including any Disposition that results in a Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower or, any asset sale of a business unit, line of business or division), incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, Restricted Payment, Subsidiary designation, Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments that by the terms of this Agreement requires such test to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis or after giving Pro Forma Effect . 61 

Standard Securitization Undertakings means representations, warranties, covenants, guarantees and indemnities entered into by Holdings or any Subsidiary of Holdings which the Borrower has determined in good faith to be customary in a non recourse Securitization Facility, including those relating to the servicing of the assets of a Securitization Subsidiary, it being understood that any Securitization Repurchase Obligation related to the foregoing shall be deemed to be a Standard Securitization Undertaking or, in the case of a factoring facility, a non-credit related recourse account receivable factoring arrangement. Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, company, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or, the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. Subsidiary Guarantor means, collectively, the Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are Guarantors. Successor Company has the meaning specified in Section 7.04(d). Supplemental Administrative Agent has the meaning specified in Section 9.13(a) and Supplemental Administrative Agents shall have the corresponding meaning. Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 10.25. Survey means a survey of any Mortgaged Property (and all improvements thereon) which is (a) (i) prepared by a surveyor or engineer licensed to perform surveys in the jurisdiction where such Mortgaged Property is located, (ii) dated (or redated) not earlier than six months prior to the date of delivery thereof unless there shall have occurred within six months prior to such date of delivery any exterior construction on the site of such Mortgaged Property or any easement, right of way or other interest in the Mortgaged Property has been granted or become effective through operation of law or otherwise with respect to such Mortgaged Property which, in either case, can be depicted on a survey, in which events, as applicable, such survey shall be dated (or redated) after the completion of such construction or if such construction shall not have been completed as of such date of delivery, not earlier than 20 days prior to such date of delivery, or after the grant or effectiveness of any such easement, right of way or other interest in the Mortgaged Property, (iii) certified by the surveyor (in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Title Company, (iv) complying in all respects with the minimum detail requirements of the American Land Title Association as such requirements are in effect on the date of preparation of such survey, (v) sufficient for the Title Company to remove all standard survey exceptions from the Mortgage Policy relating to such Mortgaged Property and issue the endorsements of the type required by paragraph (f) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (vi) otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 62 

Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark to market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined by the Hedge Bank (or the Borrower, if no Hedge Bank is party to such Swap Contract) in accordance with the terms thereof and in accordance with customary methods for calculating mark-to-market values under similar arrangements by the Hedge Bank (or the Borrower, if no Hedge Bank is party to such Swap Contract). Swingline Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swingline Loan. Swingline Commitment means the commitment of the Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.04, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 under the heading Swingline Commitments as the maximum outstanding principal amount of Swingline Loans to be made by the Swingline Lender, as such commitment may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof or with the agreement in writing of the Swingline Lender, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. The Swingline Commitment of the Swingline Lender shall be less than or equal to the Swingline Sublimit at all times. Swingline Lender means DBNY, in its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder or any successor swingline lender hereunder. Swingline Loan means a loan made by the Swingline Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.04(b). Swingline Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to the Swingline Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit F-3 hereto, evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrower to the Swingline Lender resulting from the Swingline Loans made by the Swingline Lender from time to time. Swingline Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 50,000,000 and (b) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments. The Swingline Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility. Tax Distributions mean the Restricted Payment permitted pursuant to Section 7.06(g)(i). Taxes means all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges, and all liabilities (including additions to tax, penalties and interest) with respect thereto. Term B Loan Maturity Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Maturity Date. Term B Commitments means, as to each Term B Lender, its obligation to make a Term B Loan to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 under the caption Term B Commitment or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Term B Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The initial aggregate amount of the Term B Commitments is 2,000,000,000. Term B Facility means the Term B Commitments and the extension of credit made thereunder. 63 

64 0.11448 Interest Period Three months Percentage 0.26161 Term B Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a Term B Commitment or a Term B Loan at such time. Term B Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(a). Term Borrowing means a Borrowing in respect of a Class of Term Loans. Term Commitments means a Term B Commitment or a commitment in respect of any Incremental Term Loans or any combination thereof, as the context may require. Term Lenders means the Term B Lenders, the Lenders with Incremental Term Loans and the Lenders with Extended Term Loans. Term Loans means the Term B Loans, the Incremental Term Loans and the Extended Term Loans. Term Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Term Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit F-2 hereto with appropriate insertions, evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Term Lender resulting from any Class of Term Loans made by such Term Lender. Term SOFR means, (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan that is a Term Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate SOFR Determination Day. Term SOFR Adjustment means, for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, a percentage per annum as set forth below for the applicable Interest Period therefor: Six months 0.42826 One month 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Test Period means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ending on or prior to such date for which financial statements have been or are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(b). Third Amendment shall mean the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2019, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the lenders party thereto and the other parties thereto. Third Amendment Effective Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Third Amendment. Threshold Amount means 100,000,000. Title Company means any title insurance company as shall be retained by Borrower to issue the Mortgage Policies and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Total Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Debt as of the last day of such Test Period to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period. Total Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations. Total Revolving Outstandings means, as at any date of determination, the Dollar Equivalent, as applicable, of the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans, Swingline Loans and L/C Obligations. Transaction Expenses means any fees or expenses incurred or paid by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the Transactions, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby in connection therewith. Trade Date has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(l). Transactions means, collectively, (a) the funding of the Term B Loans and, if applicable, the deemed issuance of the Existing Letters of Credit on the Closing Date, (b) the Refinancing, (c) any Credit Extension made on the Closing Date under the Revolving Credit Facility, (d) borrowings under the ABL Facility on the Closing Date, (e) the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes, (f) the consummation of any other transactions in connection with the foregoing and (g) the payment of Transaction Expenses. Transformative Transaction means any acquisition, disposition or investment by the Restricted Group that either (a) is not permitted by the terms of the Loan Documents immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction or (b) if permitted by the terms of the Loan Documents immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition, would not provide the Restricted Group with adequate flexibility under the Loan Documents for the continuation and/or expansion of their combined operations following such consummation, as determined by the Borrower acting in good faith. 65 

Type means, with respect to a Loan denominated in Dollars, its character as a Base Rate Loan or, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan. UCP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unaudited Financial Statements means unaudited interim consolidated financial statements for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2019 and June 30, 2019. Uniform Commercial Code or UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may from time to time be in effect in the State of New York or the Uniform Commercial Code (or similar code or statute) of another jurisdiction, to the extent it may be required to apply to any item or items of Collateral. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. United States Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01. Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i). Unrestricted Cash Amount means, as to any Person on any date of determination, the amount of (a) unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of such Person whether or not held in an account pledged to the Collateral Agent and (b) Cash and Cash Equivalents of such Person restricted in favor of the Facilities (which may also include Cash and Cash Equivalents securing other Indebtedness secured by a Lien on any Collateral along with the Facilities), in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP; it being understood and agreed that proceeds subject to Escrow shall be deemed to constitute restricted cash for purposes of the Unrestricted Cash Amount. Unrestricted Subsidiary means (i) each Subsidiary of the Borrower listed on Schedule 1.01C, (ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower designated by the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.13 subsequent to the date hereof and (iii) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Subsidiary shall be an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary is an Unrestricted Subsidiary under (and as defined in) the ABL Credit Agreement and Senior Secured Notes. For avoidance of doubt, none of the Borrowers (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) shall be an Unrestricted Subsidiary hereunder. U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 10.25. 66 

USA PATRIOT Act means The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended or modified from time to time. Valuation Date means (a) with respect to any Loan, each of the following: (i) each date of a Borrowing of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of a continuation of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency pursuant to Section 2.02, and (iii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of an amendment of any such Letter of Credit having the effect of increasing the amount thereof, (iii) each date of any payment by a L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (iv) in the case of all Existing Letters of Credit denominated in Alternative Currencies, the Closing Date, and (v) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or a L/C Issuer shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (i) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (b) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (ii) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. Wells Fargo means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. Wholly-Owned means, with respect to a Subsidiary of a Person, a Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Equity Interests of which (other than (x) director s qualifying shares and (y) shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Law) are owned by such Person and/or by one or more wholly-owned Subsidiaries of such Person. Withdrawal Liability means the liability to a Multiemployer Plan, as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write- down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. SECTION 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: (a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. (b) The words herein, hereto, hereof and hereunder and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. 67 

(c) Article, Section, Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Loan Document in which such reference appears. (d) The term including is by way of example and not limitation. (e) The term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. (f) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including. (g) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. SECTION 1.03 Accounting Terms. (a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, for purposes of determining compliance with any test contained in this Agreement with respect to any period during which any Specified Transactions occur or, other than for determining the Applicable Rate or for determining actual compliance with the Financial Covenant, subsequent to such period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation is made, the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Interest Coverage Ratio and Consolidated EBITDA and any other financial calculation (other than the calculation of Excess Cash Flow) shall be calculated with respect to such period and such Specified Transactions on a Pro Forma Basis and shall be calculated for the applicable period of measurement (which may, at the Borrower s election, be the most recently ended twelve months) for which quarterly or fiscal year-end financial statements are internally available, as determined by the Borrower, immediately preceding the date of such event. (c) Where reference is made to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or similar language, such consolidation shall not include any Subsidiaries of the Borrower other than Restricted Subsidiaries. (d) In the event that the Borrower (or any parent entity) elects to prepare its financial statements in accordance with IFRS and such election results in a change in the method of calculation of financial covenants, standards or terms (collectively, the Accounting Changes in this Agreement, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree to enter into good faith negotiations in order to amend such provisions of this Agreement (including the levels applicable herein to any computation of the Total Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio and the First Lien Leverage Ratio) so as to reflect equitably the Accounting Changes with the desired result that the criteria for evaluating the Borrower s financial condition shall be substantially the same after such change as if such change had not been made. Until such time as such an amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, all financial covenants, standards and terms in this Agreement shall continue to be calculated or construed in accordance with GAAP (as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower) (it being agreed that the reconciliation between GAAP and IFRS used in such determination shall be made available to Lenders) as if such change had not occurred. SECTION 1.04 Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other 68 

component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). SECTION 1.05 References to Agreements, Laws, Etc. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references to Organization Documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are permitted by any Loan Document; and (b) references to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. SECTION 1.06 Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). SECTION 1.07 Timing of Payment or Performance. When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Interest Period or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day. SECTION 1.08 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents Generally. (a) The Administrative Agent or each relevant L/C Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Exchange Rates as of each Valuation Date to be used for calculating Alternative Currency Equivalent and Dollar Equivalent amounts of Credit Extensions and amounts outstanding hereunder denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Exchange Rates shall become effective as of such Valuation Date and shall be the Exchange Rates employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Valuation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by the Borrower hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such currency as so determined by the Administrative Agent (or, where applicable, each relevant L/C Issuer) at the Exchange Rate as of any Valuation Date. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Loans and Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Administrative Agent and each relevant L/C Issuer may at periodic intervals (no more frequently than monthly (for both the Administrative Agent and such relevant L/C Issuer), or more frequently during the continuance of an Event of Default) recalculate the aggregate exposure under such Loans and Letters of Credit to account for fluctuations in the Exchange Rate affecting the Alternative Currency in which any such Loans and/or Letters of Credit are denominated. If, as a result of such recalculation (i) the Total Revolving Outstandings exceed an amount equal to 105 of the Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect, the Borrower will prepay Revolving Credit Loans and, if necessary, Cash Collateralize or Backstop the outstanding amount of Letters of Credit in the amount necessary to eliminate the excess over the Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect or (ii) the aggregate L/C Obligations exceeds an amount equal to 105 of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, the Borrower will repay Revolving Credit Loans and, if necessary, Cash Collateralize or Backstop the outstanding amount of Letters of Credit in the amount necessary to eliminate such excess over the Letter of Credit Sublimit. (c) Whenever in this Agreement in connection with a borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such borrowing, Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 or a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or each relevant L/C issuer, as the case may be. 69 

(d) For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, except as expressly provided herein, all interest and fees shall accrue and be payable thereon based on the actual amount outstanding in such Alternative Currency (without any translation into the Dollar Equivalent thereof). (e) If at any time on or following the Closing Date all of the Participating Member States that had adopted the Euro as their lawful currency on or prior to the Closing Date cease to have the Euro as their lawful national currency unit, then the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders will negotiate in good faith to amend the Loan Documents to (a) follow any generally accepted conventions and market practice with respect to redenomination of obligations originally denominated in Euro and (b) otherwise appropriately reflect the change in currency. (f) If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be the Exchange Rate. The obligation of each Loan Party in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent from such Loan Party in the Agreement Currency, such Loan Party each agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or the Person to whom such obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent in such currency, the Administrative Agent agrees to return the amount of any excess to such Loan Party (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). (g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with Sections 7.01, 7.02 and 7.03 with respect to any amount of Indebtedness or Investment in a currency other than Dollars, no Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of exchange occurring after the time such Lien, Indebtedness or Investment is incurred; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.08 shall otherwise apply to such Sections, including with respect to determining whether any Indebtedness or Investment may be incurred at any time under such Sections. (h) For purposes of determining compliance under the covenants herein, any amount in a currency other than Dollars will be converted to Dollars in a manner consistent with that used in calculating net income in the Borrower s annual financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a); provided, however, that the foregoing shall not be deemed to apply to the determination of whether Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred hereunder (which shall be subject to clause (i) below). (i) For purposes of determining compliance with any restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the Dollar Equivalent of the principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed, in the case of revolving credit debt; provided that if such Indebtedness is incurred to extend, replace, refund, refinance, renew or defease other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such extension, replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance would cause the applicable restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such extension, replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance, such restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed or defeased plus accrued amounts, and any costs, fees and premiums paid in connection therewith. SECTION 1.09 Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Letter of Credit Application related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases 70 

in the amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount at such times. SECTION 1.10 Limited Condition Transactions. (a) In connection with any action being taken in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of (i) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement which requires the calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Total Leverage Ratio, the Interest Coverage Ratio or any other financial ratio; or (ii) testing availability under baskets set forth in this Agreement (including baskets measured as a percentage of Consolidated Total Assets or Consolidated EBITDA, if any), in each case, at the option of the Borrower (the Borrower s election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election ), the date of determination of whether any such transaction is permitted hereunder shall be deemed to be the date (the LCT Test Date ), (x) the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is entered into (or, in respect of any transaction described in clause (ii) of the definition of Limited Condition Transaction, delivery of irrevocable notice, declaration of dividend or similar event), and not at the time of consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction or (y) solely in connection with an acquisition to which the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers applies (or similar law in another jurisdiction), the date on which a Rule 2.7 announcement of a firm intention to make an offer (or equivalent announcement in another jurisdiction) (a Public Offer in respect of a target of such acquisition, and if, after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent test period ending prior to the LCT Test Date, the Borrower could have taken such action on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such ratio or basket, such ratio or basket shall be deemed to have been complied with. (b) For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower has made an LCT Election and any of the ratios or baskets for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date are exceeded as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio or basket, including due to fluctuations in Consolidated Total Assets or Consolidated EBITDA on a consolidated basis or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction, at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such baskets or ratios will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of such fluctuations solely for purposes of determining whether the relevant transaction or action is permitted to be consummated or taken; provided that if such ratios or baskets improve as a result of such fluctuations, such improved ratios and/or baskets may be utilized. If the Borrower has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio or basket availability with respect to the incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens, or the making of Restricted Payments, mergers, the conveyance, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, the prepayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or other satisfaction of Indebtedness, or the designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary on or following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated or expires (or, if applicable, the irrevocable notice, declaration of dividend or similar event is terminated or expires or, as applicable, the offer in respect of a Public Offer for, such acquisition is terminated) without consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition, any such ratio or basket shall be tested by calculating the availability under such ratio or basket on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith have been consummated (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and any associated Lien and the use of proceeds thereof; provided that Consolidated Interest Expense for purposes of the Interest Coverage Ratio will be calculated using an assumed interest rate based on the indicative interest margin contained in any financing commitment documentation with respect to such Indebtedness or, if no such indicative interest margin exists, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith). (c) In connection with any action being taken in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement which requires that no Default, Event of Default or Specified Event of Default, as applicable, has occurred, is continuing or would result from any such action, as applicable, such condition shall, at the option of the Borrower, be deemed satisfied, so long as no Default, Event of Default or Specified Event of Default, as applicable, exists on the date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower 71 

has exercised its option under this Section 1.10, and any Default, Event of Default or Specified Event of Default occurs following the date the definitive agreements for the applicable Limited Condition Transaction were entered into and prior to the consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such Default, Event of Default or specified Event of Default shall be deemed to not have occurred or be continuing for purposes of determining whether any action being taken in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction is permitted hereunder. SECTION 1.11 Leverage Ratios. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for purposes of calculating any leverage ratio herein in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness, (a) there shall be no netting of the cash proceeds proposed to be received in connection with the incurrence of such Indebtedness and (b) to the extent the Indebtedness to be incurred is revolving Indebtedness, such incurred revolving Indebtedness (or if applicable, the portion (and only such portion) of the increased commitments thereunder) shall be treated as fully drawn. SECTION 1.12 Cashless Rolls. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, to the extent that any Lender extends the maturity date of, or replaces, renews or refinances, any of its then-existing Loans with Incremental Term Loans, any Extended Term Loans, loans made pursuant to any Additional Revolving Credit Commitment, loans made pursuant to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or loans incurred under a new credit facility, in each case, to the extent such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing is effected by means of a cashless roll by such Lender, such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing shall be deemed to comply with any requirement hereunder or any other Loan Document that such payment be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, in cash or any other similar requirement. SECTION 1.13 Certain Calculations and Tests. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of the same section of any Loan Document that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, pro forma compliance with Section 7.09(a) hereof (but not actual compliance therewith), any Interest Coverage Ratio, any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Secured Leverage Ratio test and/or any Total Leverage Ratio test) (any such amounts, the Fixed Amounts substantially concurrently with any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of the same section of any Loan Document that requires compliance with any such financial ratio or test (any such amounts, the Incurrence Based Amounts ), it is understood and agreed that, for purposes of this Agreement, the Fixed Amounts under such section and any substantially concurrent borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility (and any cash proceeds thereof) shall be disregarded in the calculation of the financial ratio or test applicable to the Incurrence Based Amounts in connection with such substantially concurrent incurrence. SECTION 1.14 Additional Alternative Currencies. (a) The Borrower may from time to time request that Revolving Credit Loans be made and/or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency; provided that such requested currency is a lawful currency (other than Dollars). In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Revolving Credit Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Credit Lenders; and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers. (i) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, each L/C Issuer, in its or their sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining to Revolving Credit Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Credit Lender thereof; and in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each L/C Issuer thereof. Each Revolving Credit Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Revolving Credit Loans) or each L/C Issuer (in the case of a request pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m., ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the 72 

making of Revolving Credit Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the case may be, in such requested currency. (ii) Any failure by a Revolving Credit Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Revolving Credit Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to permit Revolving Credit Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Revolving Credit Lenders consent to making Revolving Credit Loans in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Borrowings of Revolving Credit Loans; and if the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.14, the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Borrower. SECTION 1.15 Change of Currency. Each obligation of the Borrower to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption. If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the London interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency; provided that if any Borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect, with respect to such Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period. Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro. Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency. SECTION 1.16 Successor Companies. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any reference herein to the Borrower, such reference shall automatically be deemed to refer to any Successor Company that assumes the obligations of such Person in accordance with this Agreement. SECTION 1.17 Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, the administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Base Rate, SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR) or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including any Benchmark Replacement), including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 3.09, will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate (or component thereof) used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate 73 

(or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. ARTICLE II The Commitments and Credit Extensions SECTION 2.01 The Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein: (a) The Term B Borrowings. Each Term B Lender severally agrees to make to the Borrower (including by way of conversion) a single loan denominated in Dollars in a principal amount equal to such Term B Lender s Term B Commitment on the Closing Date. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(a) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term B Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency RateSOFR Loans, as further provided herein. (b) The Revolving Credit Borrowings. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, on and after the Closing Date, each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to make (or cause its Applicable Lending Office to make) Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period for the Revolving Credit Facility in Dollars or in an Approved Currency in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment; provided that, after giving effect to the making of any Revolving Credit Loans, in no event shall the Total Revolving Outstandings exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect. Within the limits of each Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01(b), prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.01(b). Revolving Credit Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans. SECTION 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuation of Loans. (a) Each Term Borrowing, each Revolving Credit Borrowing, each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice (which notice may be telephonic if promptly followed by a written notice signed by a Responsible Officer), to the Administrative Agent. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (i) 12:00 noon Local Time (A) three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of any Dollar-denominated Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, or any conversion of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans (provided that, if such Dollar-denominated Borrowing is an initial Credit Extension of Term B Loans to be made on the Closing Date, notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon Local Time one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date) and (B) four (4) Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency and (ii) 12:00 noon Local Time on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Borrowing Minimum or a whole multiple of the Borrowing Multiple in excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(c), each Borrowing of, or conversion to, Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Borrowing Minimum or a whole multiple of the Borrowing Multiple in excess thereof. Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Term Borrowing, a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, (ii) in the case of any Revolving Credit Borrowing, the Approved Currency for the requested Borrowing, (iii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iv) the Class, currency and principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (v) in the case of Loans in Dollars, the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted, (vi) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto and (vii) the account of the Borrower to be credited with the proceeds of such Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Committed Loan Notice with respect to a Borrowing in Dollars or fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation with respect to a Borrowing in Dollars, then the applicable Loans shall be made or continued as, or converted to Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month (subject to the definition of Interest Period ). Any such automatic conversion or continuation shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable 74 

Eurocurrency Rate Loans or the applicable SOFR Loans. If the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation with respect to a Borrowing in an Alternative Currency, then it will be deemed to have requested a conversion or continuation for an Interest Period of one (1) month. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one (1) month. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower and Lenders acknowledge and agree that any conversion or continuation of an existing Loan shall be deemed to be a continuation of that Loan with a converted interest rate methodology and not a new Loan. (b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Class of Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Appropriate Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation described in Section 2.02(a). In the case of each Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make (or cause its Applicable Lending Office to make) the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent by wire transfer in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent s Principal Office not later than 1:00 p.m. Local Time for Eurocurrency Rate Loans and SOFR Loans, and 3:00 p.m. Local Time for Base Rate Loans on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.01 and in the case of a Credit Extension after the Closing Date, Section 4.02, the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower; provided that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing is given by the Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied first, to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings and second, to the Borrower as provided above. (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan, as applicable, unless the Borrower pays the amount due, if any, under Section 3.04 in connection therewith. During the existence of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may require that (i) no Loans may be converted to or continued as Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in Dollars or SOFR Loan shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Appropriate Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate. The determination of the Eurocurrency Rate or SOFR Loans by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. (e) Anything in clauses (a) through (d) above to the contrary notwithstanding, after giving effect to all Term Borrowings and Revolving Credit Borrowings, all conversions of Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than twenty (20) Interest Periods in effect at any time for all Borrowings of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans plus up to three (3) additional Interest Periods in respect of each Incremental Facility. (f) The failure of any Lender to make the Loan to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Loan on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing. 75 

(g) For the avoidance of doubt, no conversion or continuation of any Loan pursuant to this Section shall affect the currency in which such Loan is denominated prior to any such conversion or continuation and each such Loan shall remain outstanding denominated in the currency originally issued. (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (i) to the extent any Term B Loans that are Eurocurrency Rate Loans are outstanding as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, such Term B Loans shall continue to bear interest at the applicable Eurocurrency Rate until the end of the current Interest Period (as such term was defined in this Agreement prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date) applicable to such Term B Loans and (ii) any request for a new Term B Loan that is an Eurocurrency Rate Loan or a continuation of an existing Term B Loan that is an Eurocurrency Rate Loan, in each case, with respect to any Term B Loan shall be deemed to be a request for a new SOFR Loan or the continuation of such existing Term B Loan into a SOFR Loan.. SECTION 2.03 Letters of Credit. (a) The Letter of Credit Commitments. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (1) each L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Revolving Credit Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility set forth in this Section 2.03, (x) from time to time on any Business Day following the Closing Date during the Availability Period for the Revolving Credit Facility, to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower (provided that any Letter of Credit may be for the account of any Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided, further that the Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries, and the Borrower hereby irrevocably agrees to be bound jointly and severally to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for amounts drawn on any Letter of Credit issued for the account of any Subsidiary) and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.03(b), and (y) to honor drafts under the Letters of Credit and (2) the Revolving Credit Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued pursuant to this Section 2.03; provided that no L/C Issuer shall be obligated to make any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit and no Revolving Credit Lender shall be obligated to participate in any Letter of Credit if immediately after giving effect to such L/C Credit Extension, (w) the Total Revolving Outstandings would exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect, (x) the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Loans of any Revolving Credit Lender, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, would exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, (y) the aggregate L/C Exposure would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit or (z) the aggregate L/C Exposure in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer would exceed such L/C Issuer s L/C Commitment. Letters of Credit shall constitute utilization of the Revolving Credit Commitments. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. It is hereby acknowledged and agreed that each of the letters of credit described on Schedule 2.03(a) (the Existing Letters of Credit shall constitute a Letter of Credit for all purposes of this Agreement and shall be deemed issued under this Agreement on the Closing Date. (ii) An L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L/C Issuer or any directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or direct that such L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or 76 

shall impose upon such L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it; (B) subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii), the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance or last extension, unless the relevant L/C Issuer has approved such expiry date; (C) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Facility Expiration Date, unless the relevant L/C Issuer has approved such expiry date (it being understood that the participations of the Revolving Credit Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility in any undrawn Letter of Credit shall in any event terminate on the Letter of Credit Facility Expiration Date); (D) in the case of Letters of Credit, if such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars or an Approved Currency; or (E) any Revolving Lender of the applicable Class is at such time a Defaulting Lender, nor shall any L/C Issuer be under any obligation to extend or amend existing Letters of Credit, unless such L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including reallocation of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the applicable outstanding L/C Obligations pursuant to Section 2.16 or the delivery of Cash Collateral, with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate such L/C Issuer s actual or potential L/C Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.16) with respect to such Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or such Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which such L/C Issuer has actual or potential L/C Exposure; or (F) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate any Laws binding upon such L/C Issuer or one or more policies of such L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit in general; (G) such Letter of Credit is not a standby letter of credit; or (H) such Letter of Credit is in an initial amount less than 10,000. (iii) An L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. (iv) The aggregate L/C Commitments of all the L/C Issuers shall be less than or equal to the Letter of Credit Sublimit at all times. (b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension Letters of Credit. (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower hand delivered or facsimiled (or transmitted by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the L/C Issuer) to the L/C Issuer in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the relevant L/C Issuer not later than 1:00 p.m., Local Time, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be; or, in each case, such later date and time as the relevant L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in its sole discretion. In the case of a request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the relevant L/C Issuer: (a) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (b) the amount thereof in Dollars and, in the case of Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Approved Currency thereof; (c) the expiry date thereof; (d) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (e) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (f) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; and (g) such other 77 

matters as the relevant L/C Issuer may reasonably request. If requested by the L/C Issuer, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on the L/C Issuer s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the relevant L/C Issuer (1) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (2) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (3) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (4) such other matters as the relevant L/C Issuer may reasonably request. (ii) The Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent with a copy of any Letter of Credit Application. Upon receipt by the relevant L/C Issuer of confirmation from the Administrative Agent that the requested issuance or amendment is permitted in accordance with the terms hereof, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, acquire from the relevant L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Revolving Credit Facility times the amount of such Letter of Credit. (iii) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the relevant L/C Issuer shall agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the relevant L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the relevant L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the relevant L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the applicable Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the relevant L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Facility Expiration Date; provided that the relevant L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the relevant L/C Issuer has determined that it would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its extended form under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of Section 2.03(a)(ii) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice on or before the day that is five (5) Business Days before the Non-extension Notice Date from the Administrative Agent or any Revolving Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility, as applicable, or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied. (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the relevant L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. (c) Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations. (i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any compliant drawing under such Letter of Credit, the relevant L/C Issuer shall notify promptly the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. On the Business Day immediately following the Business Day on which the Borrower shall have received notice of any payment by an L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (or, if the Borrower shall have received such notice later than 1:00 p.m. Local Time on any Business Day, on the second succeeding Business Day) (such date of payment, an Honor Date ), the Borrower shall reimburse such L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing (which reimbursement, in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, shall be in such Alternative Currency). If the Borrower fails to so reimburse such L/C Issuer on the Honor Date (or if any such reimbursement payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the applicable L/C Issuer and each Appropriate Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the Unreimbursed Amount ), and the amount of such Appropriate Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. In the event that the Borrower does not reimburse the L/C Issuer on the Business Day following the date it receives notice of the Honor Date (or, if the Borrower shall have received such notice later than 1:00 p.m. Local Time on any Business Day, on the second succeeding Business Day), the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested, for the account of the Borrower, a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans (in the case of any Unreimbursed Amount in respect 78 

of a Letter of Credit denominated in Dollars) or Eurocurrency Rate Loans with a period of one month (in the case of any Unreimbursed Amount in respect of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency which Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be in the same Alternative Currency in which the relevant Letter of Credit is denominated) to be disbursed on such date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans, as applicable, nor the conditions set forth in Section 4.02, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the relevant Revolving Credit Commitments in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility. For the avoidance of doubt, if any drawing occurs under a Letter of Credit and such drawing is not reimbursed on the same day as the day on which it is paid, such drawing shall, without duplication, accrue interest at the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans, as applicable, under the Revolving Credit Facility until the date of reimbursement. (ii) Each Revolving Credit Lender of the applicable Class (including any such Lender acting as an L/C Issuer) shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L/C Issuer at the Administrative Agent s Principal Office for payments in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of any Unreimbursed Amount in respect of a relevant Letter of Credit not later than 1:00 p.m., Local Time, on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each Revolving Credit Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan (or, in the case of any Unreimbursed Amount in respect of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan with an interest period of one month denominated in such Alternative Currency) to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the relevant L/C Issuer in accordance with the instructions provided to the Administrative Agent by such L/C Issuer (which instructions may include standing payment instructions, which may be updated from time to time by such L/C Issuer, provided that, unless the Administrative Agent shall otherwise agree, any such update shall not take effect until the Business Day immediately following the date on which such update is provided to the Administrative Agent). (iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount in respect of a Letter of Credit that is not fully refinanced by a Revolving Credit Borrowing for any reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the relevant L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in Dollars (with respect to a Dollar-denominated Letter of Credit) or in Alternative Currency (with respective to an Alternative Currency denominated Letter of Credit), in each case in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility or Eurocurrency Rate Loans with an interest period of one month under the Revolving Credit Facility, as applicable. In such event, each Revolving Credit Lender s payment under the Revolving Credit Facility to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03. (iv) Until each Revolving Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility funds its Revolving Credit Loan under the Revolving Credit Facility or relevant L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the relevant L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any relevant Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the relevant L/C Issuer. (v) Each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or relevant L/C Advances to reimburse an L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under relevant Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the relevant L/C Issuer, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default; or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, and shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the relevant L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by such L/C Issuer under any relevant Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 79 

(vi) If any Revolving Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii), such L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such L/C Issuer at the Overnight Rate. A certificate of the relevant L/C Issuer submitted to any Revolving Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.03(c)(vi) shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. (vii) If, at any time after an L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Revolving Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility such Lender s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with this Section 2.03(c), the Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to each Revolving Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility its Applicable Percentage thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s L/C Advance was outstanding) in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. (viii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of an L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Revolving Credit Lender of the applicable Class shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such L/C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate. (d) Obligations Absolute. The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the relevant L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit issued by it and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto; (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that any Loan Party may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the relevant L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; (iv) any payment by the relevant L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a document that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the relevant L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; 80 

(v) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from the Guaranty or any other guarantee, for all or any of the Loan Obligations of any Loan Party in respect of such Letter of Credit; or (vi) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party; provided that the foregoing shall not excuse any L/C Issuer from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such L/C Issuer s gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision) when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. (e) Role of L/C Issuers. Each Lender and the Borrower agrees that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the relevant L/C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuers, any Agent-Related Person nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of any L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Required Lenders or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable decision); or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Letter of Credit Application. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuers, any Agent-Related Person, nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of any L/C Issuer, shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (iii) of this Section 2.03(e); provided that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against an L/C Issuer, and such L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower caused by such L/C Issuer s willful misconduct or gross negligence or such L/C Issuer s willful or grossly negligent failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of documents strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit (in each case, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable decision). In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and no L/C Issuer shall be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. (f) Cash Collateral. In addition to any other provision under this Agreement requiring Cash Collateral to be provided, (i) if the relevant L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing for reasons other than the failure of a Revolving Credit Lender to fulfill its obligations under clause (c)(ii) above, (ii) if, as of the Letter of Credit Facility Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) if any Event of Default occurs and is continuing and the Administrative Agent or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, require the Borrower to Cash Collateralize or Backstop the L/C Obligations pursuant to Section 8.02(c) or (iv) an Event of Default set forth under Section 8.01(f) or (g) occurs and is continuing, then the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize or Backstop the then Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to such Outstanding Amount plus any accrued or unpaid fees thereon determined as of the date such Cash Collateral is provided). The Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuers and the Revolving Credit Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, a security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts, Cash Collateral Account and all balances therein and all proceeds of the foregoing that secure any of its 81 

L/C Obligations. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account for the benefit of the Borrower. Cash Collateral shall be maintained in accounts satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and may be invested in readily available Cash Equivalents at its sole discretion. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that any funds held as Cash Collateral are subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) or that the total amount of such funds is less than the L/C Exposure, the Borrower will, forthwith upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent, as additional funds to be deposited and held in the deposit accounts specified by the Administrative Agent, an amount equal to the excess of (a) such L/C Exposure over (b) the total amount of funds, if any, then held as Cash Collateral that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines to be free and clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit for which funds are on deposit as Cash Collateral, such funds shall be applied, to the extent permitted under applicable Law, to reimburse the relevant L/C Issuer. To the extent the amount of any Cash Collateral exceeds the L/C Exposure plus costs incidental thereto and so long as no other Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the excess shall be refunded to the Borrower. If such Event of Default is cured or waived and no other Event of Default is then occurring and continuing, the amount of any Cash Collateral (including any accrued interest thereon) shall be refunded to the Borrower. (g) Letter of Credit Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent in Dollars for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a relevant Letter of Credit fee for each relevant Letter of Credit issued on its behalf pursuant to this Agreement equal to the product of (i) the Applicable Rate for relevant Letter of Credit fees and (ii) the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Such letter of credit fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such Letter of Credit fees shall be due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Facility Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily maximum amount of each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. (h) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuers. The Borrower shall pay directly to each L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee (a Fronting Fee in Dollars with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer in an amount to be agreed between the Borrower and such L/C Issuer (but in any case, not to exceed 0.125 per annum) of the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Such Fronting Fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such Fronting Fees shall be due and payable on the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Facility Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to each L/C Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable within ten (10) Business Days of demand and are nonrefundable. (i) Conflict with Letter of Credit Application. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in any Letter of Credit Application, in the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Letter of Credit Application, the terms hereof shall control. (j) Addition of an L/C Issuer. A Revolving Credit Lender (or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates) under the Revolving Credit Facility may become an additional L/C Issuer hereunder pursuant to a written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Revolving Credit Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Credit Lenders of any such additional L/C Issuer. 82 

(k) Applicability of ISP and UCP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit) the rules of the ISP shall be stated therein and apply to each Letter of Credit. (l) Indemnification of L/C Issuers. To the extent not indemnified by the Borrower or any other Loan Party pursuant to Section 10.05, the Revolving Credit Lenders hereby agree to indemnify each L/C Issuer for all Indemnified Liabilities, subject to the terms and limitations set forth in Section 10.05. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no L/C Issuer shall be responsible to the Borrower for, and no L/C Issuer s rights and remedies against the Borrower shall be impaired by, any action or inaction of such L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the applicable L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade (BAFT), or the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. SECTION 2.04 Swingline Loans. (a) The Swingline. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender, in reliance on the agreements of the Revolving Credit Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04, agrees to make Swingline Loans to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any time outstanding such Swingline Lender s Swingline Commitment; provided that, after giving effect to any Swingline Loan, (i) in no event shall the Total Revolving Outstandings exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect, (ii) the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swingline Loans shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and (iii) the Outstanding Amount of all Swingline Loans shall not exceed the Swingline Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans without premium or penalty. The Swingline Lender s Swingline Commitment shall expire on the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility. All Swingline Loans and all other amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Swingline Loans shall be paid in full on the earlier of the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility and ten (10) Business Days after the date of such borrowing. (b) Borrowing Procedures for Swingline Loans. Each Swingline Borrowing shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice (which notice may be telephonic if promptly followed by a written notice signed by a Responsible Officer) to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent. Each such notice shall be in the form of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, and must be received by the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. Local Time on the date of the requested Swingline Borrowing, and such notice shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be in a minimum of 500,000 or a larger multiple of 100,000 and (ii) the date of such Swingline Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day). Promptly after receipt by a Swingline Lender of such notice, such Swingline Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent that the Administrative Agent has also received such notice and, if not, the Swingline Lender will notify the Administrative Agent of the contents thereof. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower, by wire transfer thereof in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) such Swingline Lender, not later than 3:00 p.m. Local Time on the requested date of such Swingline Loan (which instructions may include standing payment instructions, which may be updated from time to time by the Borrower, provided that, unless the Swingline Lender shall otherwise agree, any such update shall not take effect until the Business Day immediately following the date on which such update is provided to the Swingline Lender). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Swingline Lender shall be obligated to make any Swingline Loans (A) if it has elected not to do so after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, (B) it does not in good faith believe that all conditions under Section 4.02 to the making of such Swingline Loan have been satisfied or waived by the Required Revolving Credit Lenders or (C) at a time when any Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender as set forth in Section 2.16 and the amount of such Defaulting Lender s 83 

participation in Swingline Loans has not been reallocated to non-Defaulting Lenders or Cash Collateralized or Backstopped in full. (c) Refinancing of Swingline Loans. (i) With respect to any Swingline Loans which have not been voluntarily prepaid by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.05(a)(ii) or repaid pursuant to clause (a) above, the Swingline Lender may at any time in its sole and absolute discretion, deliver to the Administrative Agent (which the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Lenders) with a copy to the Borrower, no later than 11:00 a.m. at least one (1) Business Day in advance of the proposed Credit Extension, a notice (which shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice given by the Borrower) requesting that each Revolving Credit Lender make Revolving Credit Loans that are Base Rate Loans to the Borrower on the date of such Credit Extension in an amount equal to the amount of such Swingline Loans (the Refunded Swingline Loans outstanding on the date such notice is given which the Swingline Lender requests Lenders to prepay. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, (1) the proceeds of such Revolving Credit Loans made by the Lenders other than the Swingline Lender shall be immediately delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Swingline Lender (and not to the Borrower) and applied to repay a corresponding portion of the applicable Refunded Swingline Loans and (2) on the day such Revolving Credit Loans are made, the Swingline Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Refunded Swingline Loans shall be deemed to be paid with the proceeds of a Revolving Credit Loan made by the Swingline Lender to the Borrower, and such portion of the Swingline Loans deemed to be so paid shall no longer be outstanding as Swingline Loans but shall instead constitute part of the Swingline Lender s outstanding Revolving Credit Loans. If any portion of any such amount paid (or deemed to be paid) to the Swingline Lender should be recovered by or on behalf of the Borrower from the Swingline Lender in bankruptcy, by assignment for the benefit of creditors or otherwise, the loss of the amount so recovered shall be ratably shared among all Revolving Credit Lenders in the manner contemplated by Section 2.13. (ii) If for any reason any Swingline Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Revolving Credit Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i) in an amount sufficient to repay any amounts owed to the Swingline Lender in respect of any outstanding Swingline Loans on or before the third Business Day after demand for payment thereof by the Swingline Lender, each of the Revolving Credit Lenders shall be deemed to have purchased, and hereby agrees to purchase, a participation in such outstanding Swingline Loans in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the applicable unpaid amount together with accrued interest thereon. Upon one (1) Business Days notice from the Swingline Lender, each Revolving Credit Lender shall deliver to the Swingline Lender an amount equal to its respective participation in the applicable unpaid amount in same day funds at the Principal Office of the Swingline Lender. In order to evidence such participation, each such Revolving Credit Lender agrees to enter into a participation agreement at the request of the Swingline Lender in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Swingline Lender. (iii) If any Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender any amount required to be paid by such Revolving Credit Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(ii), the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Revolving Credit Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swingline Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect and a rate determined by the Swingline Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any reasonable administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by such Swingline Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Revolving Credit Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Credit Loan included in the relevant Revolving Credit Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swingline Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of a Swingline Lender submitted to any Revolving Credit Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (iv) Each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or to purchase and fund participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swingline Lender, the Borrower or any other Person 84 

for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or (C) any adverse change in the business, operations, properties, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of any Loan Party; (D) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by any party thereto; or (E) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. No such funding of participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swingline Loans, together with interest as provided herein. (d) Repayment of Participations. (i) At any time after any Revolving Credit Lender has purchased and funded a participation in a Swingline Loan, if the Swingline Lender receives any payment on account of such Swingline Loan, such Swingline Lender will promptly remit such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Percentage of such payment to the Administrative Agent (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Revolving Credit Lender s participation was funded) in like funds as received by the Swingline Lender, and any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent will be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Credit Lenders that shall have funded their participations pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(ii) to the extent of their interests therein. (ii) If any payment received by the Swingline Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swingline Loan is required to be returned by such Swingline Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swingline Lender in its discretion), each Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to such Swingline Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swingline Lender. The obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders under this clause (ii) shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. (e) Payments Directly to Swingline Lenders. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Borrower shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swingline Loans directly to the Swingline Lender at its Principal Office. (f) Provisions Related to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments. If the Maturity Date shall have occurred in respect of any tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments, Additional Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments (such expiring tranche, the Expiring Credit Commitment at a time when another tranche or tranches of Revolving Credit Commitments, Additional Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments available in Dollars is or are in effect with a longer Maturity Date (each, a Non-Expiring Credit Commitment and collectively, the Non-Expiring Credit Commitments ), then with respect to each outstanding Swingline Loan, if consented to by the Swingline Lender, on the earliest occurring Maturity Date such Swingline Loan shall be deemed reallocated to the tranche or tranches of the Non-Expiring Credit Commitments on a pro rata basis; provided that (x) to the extent that the amount of such reallocation would cause the aggregate credit exposure to exceed the aggregate amount of such Non-Expiring Credit Commitments, immediately prior to such reallocation the amount of Swingline Loans to be reallocated equal to such excess shall be repaid or Cash Collateralized or Backstopped and (y) notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Default has occurred and is continuing, the applicable Borrower shall still be obligated to pay Swingline Loans allocated to the Revolving Credit Lenders holding the Expiring Credit Commitments at the Maturity Date of the Expiring Credit Commitment or if the Loans have been accelerated prior to the Maturity Date of the Expiring Credit Commitment. On the Maturity Date of any Expiring Credit Commitment, the sublimit for Swingline Loans shall be agreed solely with the Swingline Lender. SECTION 2.05 Prepayments. (a) Optional Prepayments. (i) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay any Borrowing of any Class in whole or in part without premium or penalty (except as set forth in Section 2.05(a)(iii)); provided that (1) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later 85 

than 1:00 p.m., Local Time (A) three (3) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans and (2) any prepayment of Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Borrowing Minimum or a whole multiple of the Borrowing Multiple in excess thereof or, in each case, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Class(es) and Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.04. (ii) The Borrower may, upon delivery of a notice to the Swingline Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swingline Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (1) such notice must be received by the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. Local Time on the date of the prepayment, and (2) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, unless rescinded, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Borrower may rescind any notice of prepayment under Section 2.05(a) if such prepayment would have resulted from a refinancing of all of the Facilities, which refinancing shall not be consummated or shall otherwise be delayed. (iv) In the event that, on or prior to the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date, the Borrower (A) makes any prepayment of Term B Loans in connection with any Repricing Event or (B) effects any amendment of this Agreement resulting in a Repricing Event, the Borrower shall pay or cause to be paid to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the applicable Term B Lenders, (x) in the case of clause (A), a prepayment premium of 1.00 of the amount of the Term B Loans being prepaid and (y) in the case of clause (B), an amount equal to 1.00 of the aggregate amount of the applicable Term B Loans outstanding immediately prior to such amendment. (b) Mandatory Prepayments. (i) Prior to a REIT Election, within five (5) Business Days after financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and the related Compliance Certificate has been delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) for the relevant Excess Cash Flow Period, the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans equal to (A) the Excess Cash Flow Percentage of Excess Cash Flow, if any, for the Excess Cash Flow Period covered by such financial statements, minus (B) the sum of (1) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (b)(iii) or (b)(ix) of the definition of Excess Cash Flow, all voluntary prepayments of Term Loans and any other prepayments of Incremental Equivalent Debt and/or other Indebtedness secured by Liens on the Collateral on a pari passu basis or senior basis to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Term B Loans (including in connection with debt buybacks made by the Borrower in an amount equal to the discounted amount actually paid in respect thereof pursuant to Section 2.05(d), Section 10.07 and/or otherwise, and/or application of any yank-a-bank provisions), plus (2) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (b)(iii) or (b)(ix) of the definition of Excess Cash Flow, all voluntary prepayments of Revolving Credit Loans to the extent the applicable Revolving Credit Commitments are permanently reduced by the amount of such payments or any voluntary prepayments, of revolving loans or other revolving Indebtedness constituting Incremental Equivalent Debt or an Additional Revolving Credit Commitment secured by Liens on the Collateral on a pari passu basis or senior basis to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Revolving Credit Loans to the extent the applicable commitments are permanently reduced by the amount of such payments, plus 86 

(3) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clauses (b)(ii) or (b)(x) of the definition of Excess Cash Flow, the amount of cash consideration paid by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with Capital Expenditures, plus (4) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clauses (b)(vii) or (b)(xi) of the definition of Excess Cash Flow, the amount of cash consideration paid by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with Investments permitted by Section 7.02 (other than pursuant to Section 7.02(a), (d) or (f)), plus in each case of this Clause (B), during such Excess Cash Flow Period or after the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period and prior to the prepayment date in clause (b)(i) (any such transaction made following the fiscal year end but prior to the making of such prepayment date, an After Year-End Transaction ), and to the extent such prepayments, expenditures, Investments, Capital Expenditures or acquisitions are not funded with the proceeds of Indebtedness constituting long-term Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than revolving indebtedness), any Cure Amount or Cure Amount (as defined in the ABL Facility) (such amount, as may be further reduced by applicable of clause (x) of the proviso hereto, the Applicable ECF Proceeds provided that (x) to the extent the voluntary prepayments pursuant to clause (B) would reduce the Applicable ECF Proceeds to an amount less than 0, such excess voluntary prepayments may be credited against the Excess Cash Flow Percentage of Excess Cash Flow dollar-for-dollar for the immediately subsequent Excess Cash Flow Period, when taken together with the amounts of any other prepayments required for such Excess Cash Flow Period, (y) if at the time that any such prepayment would be required, the Borrower is required to offer to repurchase any Indebtedness outstanding at such time that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral ranking pari passu with the Lien securing the Term B Loans (such Indebtedness, Other Pari Indebtedness pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness with the Excess Cash Flow, then the Borrower, at its election, may apply the Applicable ECF Proceeds on a pro rata basis (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and Other Pari Indebtedness at such time) and the remaining Excess Cash Flow to the prepayment of such Other Pari Indebtedness and (z) prepayments under this Section 2.05(b) shall only be required if the Applicable ECF Proceeds are in excess of the Excess Cash Flow Threshold and solely to the amount of such Applicable ECF Proceeds in excess thereof; provided that to the extent so elected by the Borrower, following the consummation of any After Year-End Transaction, (1) the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall be recalculated giving Pro Forma Effect to such After Year-End Transaction as if the transaction was consummated during the fiscal year of the applicable Excess Cash Flow prepayment and the Excess Cash Flow Percentage for purposes of making such Excess Cash Flow prepayment shall be determined by reference to such recalculated First Lien Leverage Ratio and (2) such After Year-End Transaction shall not be applied to the calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio in connection with the determination of the Excess Cash Flow Percentage for purposes of any subsequent Excess Cash Flow prepayment. (ii) (A) Subject to Section 2.05(b)(ii)(B), if following the Closing Date (x) the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries makes any Prepayment Asset Sale, or (y) any Casualty Event occurs, which in the aggregate results in the realization or receipt by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary of Net Cash Proceeds, the Borrower shall make a prepayment, in accordance with Section 2.05(b)(ii)(C), of an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans equal to the Asset Sale Percentage of such excess Net Cash Proceeds realized or received (the Applicable Asset Sale Proceeds provided that (1) no such prepayment shall be required pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(ii)(A) with respect to such portion of such Net Cash Proceeds that the Borrower shall have, on or prior to such date, given written notice to the Administrative Agent of its intent to utilize in accordance with Section 2.05(b)(ii)(B) and (2) if at the time that any such prepayment would be required, the Borrower is required to offer to repurchase any Other Pari Indebtedness, then the Borrower, at its election, may apply the Applicable Asset Sale Proceeds on a pro rata basis (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and Other Pari Indebtedness at such time) and the remaining Net Cash Proceeds so received to the prepayment of such Other Pari Indebtedness. (B) With respect to any Net Cash Proceeds realized or received with respect to any Prepayment Asset Sale or any Casualty Event, at the option of the Borrower, the Borrower may reinvest an amount equal to all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds in assets useful for its business and in Permitted Acquisitions and other similar Investments not prohibited hereunder and capital expenditures, in each case, within (x) twelve (12) months following receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds or (y) if the Borrower enters into a legally binding 87 

commitment to reinvest such Net Cash Proceeds in assets useful for its business within twelve (12) months following receipt thereof, one hundred eighty (180) days after the twelve (12) month period that follows receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds; provided that (I) any Net Cash Proceeds may be applied to replenish cash that was not funded from long-term indebtedness (other than revolving indebtedness) that had been utilized by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any reinvestments or other utilization contemplated in this clause (B) during the six (6) month period prior to the receipt of the relevant Net Cash Proceeds (or repay revolving indebtedness used to fund such reinvestment) and (II) if any Net Cash Proceeds are not so reinvested by the deadline specified in clause (x) or (y) above, as applicable, or if any such Net Cash Proceeds are no longer intended to be or cannot be so reinvested, any such Net Cash Proceeds shall be applied, in accordance with Section 2.05(b)(ii)(C), to the prepayment of the Term Loans as set forth in this Section 2.05. (C) On each occasion that the Borrower must make a prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(ii), the Borrower shall, within five (5) Business Days after the date of realization or receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds in the minimum amount specified above (or, in the case of prepayments required pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii)(B), within five (5) Business Days of the deadline specified in clause (x) or (y) thereof, as applicable, or of the date the Borrower reasonably determines that such Net Cash Proceeds are no longer intended to be or cannot be so reinvested, as the case may be), make a prepayment, in accordance with Section 2.05(b)(v) below, of the principal amount of Term Loans to the extent required by, and subject to the qualifications of, Section 2.05(b)(ii)(A). (iii) If the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurs or issues any (A) Refinancing Term Loans, (B) Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.03(w) incurred to repay Term Loans or (C) Indebtedness not expressly permitted to be incurred or issued pursuant to Section 7.03, the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans equal to 100 of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom on or prior to the date which is five (5) Business Days after the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds. If the Borrower obtains any (A) Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments or (B) Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.03(w) incurred to replace Revolving Credit Commitments, the Borrower shall, concurrently with the receipt thereof, terminate Revolving Credit Commitments in an equivalent amount pursuant to Section 2.06. (iv) [Reserved.] (v) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans required to be made pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 2.05(b) prior to 1:00 p.m. Local Time at least five (5) Business Days on the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the contents of the Borrower s prepayment notice and of such Appropriate Lender s Applicable Percentage of the prepayment with respect to any Class of Term Loans. Each Appropriate Lender may reject all or a portion of its Applicable Percentage of any mandatory prepayment (such declined amounts, the Declined Proceeds of Term Loans required to be made pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) of this Section 2.05(b) by providing written notice (each, a Rejection Notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower no later than 5:00 p.m. Local Time three (3) Business Days after the date of such Lender s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent regarding such prepayment. Each Rejection Notice from a given Lender shall specify the principal amount of the mandatory prepayment of Term Loans to be rejected by such Lender. If a Lender fails to deliver a Rejection Notice to the Administrative Agent within the time frame specified above or such Rejection Notice fails to specify the principal amount of the Term Loans to be rejected, any such failure will be deemed an acceptance of the total amount of such mandatory repayment of Term Loans. Any Declined Proceeds shall be retained by the Borrower Retained Declined Proceeds ). (vi) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.05(b), (i) to the extent that any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Disposition by a Restricted Subsidiary otherwise giving rise to a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii) (a Restricted Disposition ), the Net Cash Proceeds of any Casualty Event of a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Foreign Subsidiary (a Restricted Casualty Event ), or Excess Cash Flow, in each case would be prohibited or delayed by applicable local law from being repatriated to the United States, the realization or receipt of the portion of such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be used to repay Term Loans at the times provided in Section 2.05(b)(i) (after determining the amount of Excess Cash Flow required to be used to prepay Term Loans, assuming such amounts are included in the calculation of 88 

Excess Cash Flow), or the Borrower shall not be required to make a prepayment at the time provided in Section 2.05(b)(ii) (after determining the amount of Net Cash Proceeds are available from Dispositions), as the case may be, for so long, but only so long, as the applicable local law will not permit repatriation to the United States (the Borrower hereby agreeing to cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to promptly take all commercially reasonable actions available under the applicable local law to permit such repatriation), and once repatriation of any of such affected Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow is permitted under the applicable local law, an amount equal to such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow permitted to be repatriated (net of additional taxes payable or reserved against as a result thereof) will be promptly (and in any event not later than three (3) Business Days after such repatriation is permitted) taken into account in measuring the Borrower s obligation to repay the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) to the extent provided herein and (ii) to the extent that the Borrower has reasonably determined in good faith (as set forth in a written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent) that repatriation of any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Restricted Disposition or any Restricted Casualty Event or Excess Cash Flow could reasonably be expected to have an adverse tax consequence (taking into account any foreign tax credit or benefit received in connection with such repatriation) with respect to such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, the amount of the Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected shall not be taken into account in measuring the Borrower s obligation to repay Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(b); provided that, to the extent the situations specified in clauses (i) and/or (ii) are in effect for a period of more than 365 days, the Borrower s obligations to repay any Term Loans pursuant to Sections 2.05(b)(i) and 2.05(b)(ii) shall expire and no longer be in effect after the expiration of such 365-day period. (vii) If for any reason the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders under any Revolving Credit Facility at any time exceeds the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments under such Revolving Credit Facility then in effect, the Borrower shall promptly prepay or cause to be promptly prepaid Revolving Credit Loans under such Revolving Credit Facility and/or Cash Collateralize or Backstop the L/C Obligations under such Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize or Backstop the L/C Obligations under such Revolving Credit Facility pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(vii) unless after the prepayment in full of the Revolving Credit Loans under such Revolving Credit Facility the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures under such Revolving Credit Facility exceed the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments under such Revolving Credit Facility. (c) Interest, Funding Losses, Etc. All prepayments under this Section 2.05 shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon in the currency in which such Loan is denominated, together with, in the case of any such prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period therefor, any amounts owing in respect of such Eurocurrency Rate Loan pursuant to Section 3.04. Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of this Section 2.05, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if any prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans isor SOFR Loans are required to be made under this Section 2.05, prior to the last day of the Interest Period therefor, in lieu of making any payment pursuant to this Section 2.05 in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan prior to the last day of the Interest Period therefor, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, deposit with the Administrative Agent in the currency in which such Loan is denominated the amount of any such prepayment otherwise required to be made thereunder into a Cash Collateral Account hereunder until the last day of such Interest Period, at which time the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of such Loans in accordance with this Section 2.05. Such deposit shall constitute cash collateral for the Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans to be so prepaid, provided that the Borrower may at any time direct that such deposit be applied to make the applicable payment required pursuant to this Section 2.05. (d) Discounted Voluntary Prepayments. (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement (including Section 2.13) or any other Loan Document, the Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay one or more Classes of Term Loans to the Lenders at a discount to the par value of such Loans and on a non-pro rata basis (each, a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment pursuant to the procedures described in this Section 2.05(d); provided that (A) no proceeds from Revolving Credit Loans shall be used to consummate any such Discounted Voluntary Prepayment, (B) any Discounted Voluntary Prepayment shall be offered to all Term Lenders 89 

of such Class on a pro rata basis, and (C) the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, together with each Discounted Prepayment Option Notice, a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (1) stating that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the Discounted Voluntary Prepayment, (2) stating that each of the conditions to such Discounted Voluntary Prepayment contained in this Section 2.05(d) has been satisfied and (3) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans of any Class offered to be prepaid pursuant to such Discounted Voluntary Prepayment. (ii) To the extent the Borrower seeks to make a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment, the Borrower will provide written notice to the Administrative Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto (each, a Discounted Prepayment Option Notice that the Borrower desires to prepay Term Loans of one or more specified Classes in an aggregate principal amount specified therein by the Borrower (each, a Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount ), in each case at a discount to the par value of such Loans as specified below. The Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount of any Loans shall not be less than 5,000,000. The Discounted Prepayment Option Notice shall further specify with respect to the proposed Discounted Voluntary Prepayment (A) the Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount for Loans to be prepaid, (B) a discount range (which may be a single percentage) selected by the Borrower with respect to such proposed Discounted Voluntary Prepayment equal to a percentage of par of the principal amount of the Loans to be prepaid (the Discount Range ), and (C) the date by which Lenders are required to indicate their election to participate in such proposed Discounted Voluntary Prepayment, which shall be at least five (5) Business Days from and including the date of the Discounted Prepayment Option Notice (the Acceptance Date ). (iii) Upon receipt of a Discounted Prepayment Option Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each applicable Lender thereof. On or prior to the Acceptance Date, each such Lender may specify by written notice substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto (each, a Lender Participation Notice to the Administrative Agent (A) a maximum discount to par (the Acceptable Discount within the Discount Range (for example, a Lender specifying a discount to par of 20 would accept a purchase price of 80 of the par value of the Loans to be prepaid) and (B) a maximum principal amount (subject to rounding requirements specified by the Administrative Agent) of the Term Loans to be prepaid held by such Lender with respect to which such Lender is willing to permit a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment at the Acceptable Discount Offered Loans ). Based on the Acceptable Discounts and principal amounts of the Term Loans to be prepaid specified by the Lenders in the applicable Lender Participation Notice, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, shall determine the applicable discount for such Term Loans to be prepaid (the Applicable Discount ), which Applicable Discount shall be (A) the percentage specified by the Borrower if the Borrower has selected a single percentage pursuant to Section 2.05(d)(ii)) for the Discounted Voluntary Prepayment or (B) otherwise, the highest Acceptable Discount at which the Borrower can pay the Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount in full (determined by adding the Outstanding Amount of Offered Loans commencing with the Offered Loans with the highest Acceptable Discount); provided, however, that in the event that such Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount cannot be repaid in full at any Acceptable Discount, the Applicable Discount shall be the lowest Acceptable Discount specified by the Lenders that is within the Discount Range. The Applicable Discount shall be applicable for all Lenders who have offered to participate in the Discounted Voluntary Prepayment and have Qualifying Loans. Any Lender with outstanding Term Loans to be prepaid whose Lender Participation Notice is not received by the Administrative Agent by the Acceptance Date shall be deemed to have declined to accept a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment of any of its Loans at any discount to their par value within the Applicable Discount. (iv) The Borrower shall make a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment by prepaying those Term Loans to be prepaid (or the respective portions thereof) offered by the Lenders Qualifying Lenders that specify an Acceptable Discount that is equal to or greater than the Applicable Discount Qualifying Loans at the Applicable Discount, provided that if the aggregate proceeds required to prepay all Qualifying Loans (disregarding any interest payable at such time) would exceed the amount of aggregate proceeds required to prepay the Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount, such amounts in each case calculated by applying the Applicable Discount, the Borrower shall prepay such Qualifying Loans ratably among the Qualifying Lenders based on their respective principal amounts of such Qualifying Loans (subject to rounding requirements specified by the Administrative Agent). If the aggregate proceeds required to prepay all Qualifying Loans (disregarding any interest payable at such time) would be less than the amount of aggregate proceeds required to prepay the Proposed Discounted 90 

Prepayment Amount, such amounts in each case calculated by applying the Applicable Discount, the Borrower shall prepay all Qualifying Loans. (v) Each Discounted Voluntary Prepayment shall be made within five (5) Business Days of the Acceptance Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree, given the time required to calculate the Applicable Discount and determine the amount and holders of Qualifying Loans), without premium or penalty (but subject to Section 3.04), upon irrevocable notice substantially in the form of Exhibit J hereto (each a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment Notice ), delivered to the Administrative Agent no later than 1:00 p.m., Local Time, three (3) Business Days prior to the date of such Discounted Voluntary Prepayment, which notice shall specify the date and amount of the Discounted Voluntary Prepayment and the Applicable Discount determined by the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of any Discounted Voluntary Prepayment Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. If any Discounted Voluntary Prepayment Notice is given, the amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable to the applicable Lenders, subject to the Applicable Discount on the applicable Loans, on the date specified therein together with accrued interest (on the par principal amount) to but not including such date on the amount prepaid. (vi) To the extent not expressly provided for herein, each Discounted Voluntary Prepayment shall be consummated pursuant to procedures (including as to timing, rounding, minimum amounts, Type and Interest Periods and calculation of Applicable Discount in accordance with Section 2.05(d)(ii) above) established by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, each acting reasonably. (vii) Prior to the delivery of a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment Notice, (A) upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower may withdraw or modify its offer to make a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment pursuant to any Discounted Prepayment Option Notice and (B) no Lender may withdraw its offer to participate in a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment pursuant to any Lender Participation Notice unless the terms of such proposed Discounted Voluntary Prepayment have been modified by the Borrower after the date of such Lender Participation Notice. (viii) Nothing in this Section 2.05(d) shall require the Borrower to undertake any Discounted Voluntary Prepayment. (ix) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to act as manager for any Discounted Voluntary Prepayment and to the extent the Administrative Agent shall choose not to act as manager for any Discounted Voluntary Prepayment, each reference in this Section 2.05(d) to Administrative Agent shall be deemed to mean and be a reference to the Person that has been appointed by the Borrower and has agreed to act as the manager for such Discounted Voluntary Prepayment. (e) Application of Payments. Each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05 and the reduction in the face amount of the Term Loans as a result of any open market purchase thereof by an Affiliated Lender pursuant to Section 10.07 shall be, unless otherwise specified by the Borrower, applied to the installments thereof in direct order of maturity. Any voluntary prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.05 shall be applied between Classes of Term Loans as directed by the Borrower or, if the Borrower does not so direct any voluntary prepayment to a specific Class of Term Loans at the time of such prepayment, such prepayment shall be applied to prepay the Term Loans on a pro rata basis across Classes. Any mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05 shall be applied to the Term B Loans on a pro rata basis in accordance with the terms hereof and, except to the extent required pursuant to the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment or Extension Offer with respect to any applicable Class of Incremental Term Loans or Extended Term Loans, any prepayment of any Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05 may be applied to any Class of Term Loans as directed by the Borrower, which prepayment may not be directed towards a later maturing Class of Term Loans without at least a pro rata repayment of any earlier maturity Class of Term Loans. Each prepayment of any Class of Term Loans shall be paid to the Lenders of such Class in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages subject to clause (v) of Section 2.05(b). 91 

SECTION 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments. (a) Optional. The Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the unused Commitments of any Class, or from time to time permanently reduce the unused Commitments of any Class; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent three (3) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 1,000,000 or any whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof and (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce, (A) the Revolving Credit Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Revolving Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, (B) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit or (C) the Swingline Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of all Swingline Loans would exceed the Swingline Sublimit; provided, further that upon any such partial reduction of the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swingline Sublimit, unless the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the relevant L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, otherwise agree, the commitment of each L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender to issue Letters of Credit or extend Swingline Loans, as applicable, will be reduced proportionately by the amount of such reduction. The amount of any such Commitment reduction shall not be applied to the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swingline Sublimit unless, after giving effect to any reduction of the Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swingline Sublimit, as the case may be, exceeds the amount of the Revolving Credit Facility, in which case such sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower may rescind or postpone any notice of termination of the Commitments if such termination would have resulted from a refinancing, which refinancing shall not be consummated or otherwise shall be delayed. (b) Mandatory. The Term B Commitment of each Term Lender shall be automatically and permanently reduced to 0 upon the making of such Term Lender s Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.01(a). The Revolving Credit Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date therefor. The Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and any Additional Revolving Credit Commitments shall terminate on the respective maturity dates applicable thereto. (c) Application of Commitment Reductions; Payment of Fees. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination or reduction of unused Commitments of any Class under this Section 2.06. Upon any reduction of unused Commitments of any Class, the Commitment of each Lender of such Class shall be reduced by such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the amount by which such Commitments are reduced (other than the termination of the Commitment of any Lender as provided in Section 3.06). All Commitment Fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. SECTION 2.07 Repayment of Loans. (a) Term Loans. The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the relevant Term Lenders holding Term B Loans in Dollars (i) on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur for the first full fiscal quarter after the Closing Date, an aggregate amount equal to 0.25 of the initial aggregate principal amount of all Term B Loans made on the Closing Date and (ii) on the Maturity Date for the Term B Loans, the aggregate principal amount of all Term B Loans outstanding on such date; provided that payments required by Section 2.07(a)(i) above shall be reduced as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.05. In the event any Incremental Term Loans or Extended Term Loans are made, such Incremental Term Loans or Extended Term Loans, as applicable, shall be repaid by the Borrower in the amounts and on the dates set forth in the definitive documentation with respect thereto and on the applicable Maturity Date thereof. (b) Revolving Credit Loans. The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Appropriate Lenders on the Maturity Date for each Revolving Credit Facility the principal amount of each of its Revolving Credit Loans outstanding on such date under such Revolving Credit Facility. 92 

(c) Swingline Loans. The Borrower shall repay the aggregate principal amount of all of its Swingline Loans outstanding on the earlier of the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility and ten (10) Business Days after the date of such borrowing. SECTION 2.08 Interest. (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08(b), (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate, (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate and (iii) each Swingline Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Revolving Credit Loans and (iv) each SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR therefor plus the Applicable Rate. (b) The Borrower shall pay interest on past due amounts under this Agreement at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand to the fullest extent permitted by and subject to applicable Laws, including in relation to any required additional agreements. (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. SECTION 2.09 Fees. In addition to certain fees described in Sections 2.03(g) and (h): (a) Commitment Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee in Dollars equal to (i) 0.50 per annum, to the extent the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than 4.50:1.00 as of the last day of the most recent Test Period or (ii) 0.375 per annum, to the extent the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 4.50:1.00 as of the last day of the most recent Test Period (in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), with the First Lien Leverage Ratio determined as of the date of the delivery of the Compliance Certificate for such relevant Test Period) on the average daily amount by which the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Revolving Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility exceeds the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility (it being understood and agreed that the Outstanding Amount of all Swingline Loans shall not be deemed to be a component of the Revolving Credit Exposure for purposes of calculating the Commitment Fee). The Commitment Fee for the Revolving Credit Facility shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date until the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur for the first full fiscal quarter after the Closing Date, and on the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility. The Commitment Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears. (b) Other Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Agents such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever (except as expressly agreed between the Borrower and the applicable Agent). SECTION 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans shall be made on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty-five (365) days or three hundred sixty-six (366) days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a three hundred sixty (360) day year and actual days elapsed. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which such Loan is made, and shall not accrue on such Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which such 93 

Loan or such portion is paid; provided that any such Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for one (1) day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada) and disclosure thereunder, whenever any interest or any fee to be paid hereunder or in connection herewith is to be calculated on the basis of a 360-day or 365-day year, the yearly rate of interest to which the rate used in such calculation is equivalent is the rate so used multiplied by the actual number of days in the calendar year in which the same is to be ascertained and divided by 360 or 365, as applicable. The rates of interest under this Agreement are nominal rates, and not effective rates or yields. The principle of deemed reinvestment of interest does not apply to any interest calculation under this Agreement. SECTION 2.11 Evidence of Indebtedness. (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by one or more entries in the Register. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be prima facie evidence absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Loan Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the Register, the Register shall be conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note payable to such Lender or its registered assigns, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a), each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records and, in the case of the Administrative Agent, entries in the Register, evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit. In the event of any conflict between the Register and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the Register shall be conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error. SECTION 2.12 Payments Generally. (a) All payments by the Borrower of principal, interest, fees and other Obligations shall be made (i) with respect to the Term B Loans and Swingline Loans, in Dollars, and (ii) with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitments and Letters of Credit, in the applicable Approved Currency in which such Obligations are denominated, without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m., Local Time, on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Applicable Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m., Local Time, shall (in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent) be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. Other than as specified herein, all payments under each Loan Document of principal or interest in respect of any Loan (or of any breakage indemnity in respect of any Loan) shall be made in Dollars. (b) If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be; provided that, if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans to be made in the next succeeding calendar month, such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. 94 

(c) Unless the Borrower or any Lender has notified the Administrative Agent, prior to the date any payment is required to be made by it to the Administrative Agent hereunder, that the Borrower or such Lender, as the case may be, will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower or such Lender, as the case may be, has timely made such payment on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 and may (but shall not be so required to), in reliance thereon, make available a corresponding amount to the Person entitled thereto. If and to the extent that such payment was not in fact made to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds, then (i) if the Borrower failed to make such payment, then each of the applicable Lenders severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the portion of such assumed payment that was made available to such Lenders in immediately available funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to such Lenders to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds (x) in the case of Revolving Credit Loans, at the Overnight Rate, and (y) in the case of SOFR Loans, the Federal Funds Rate, in each case, plus, to the extent reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent, any administrative, processing or similar fees to the extent customarily charged by such Administrative Agent to generally similarly situated borrowers (but not necessarily all such borrowers) in connection with the foregoing; it being understood that nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent or the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder; and (ii) if any Lender failed to make such payment, such Lender shall forthwith on demand pay to the Administrative Agent the amount thereof in immediately available funds, together with interest thereon for the period from the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower to the date such amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent (the Compensation Period (x) in the case of Revolving Credit Loans, at the Overnight Rate, and (y) in the case of SOFR Loans, the Federal Funds Rate, in each case, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing plus, to the extent reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent, any administrative, processing or similar fees to the extent customarily charged by such Administrative Agent to generally similarly situated borrowers (but not necessarily all such borrowers) in connection with the foregoing. When such Lender makes payment to the Administrative Agent (together with all accrued interest thereon), then such payment amount (excluding the amount of any interest which may have accrued and been paid in respect of such late payment) shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in the applicable Borrowing. If such Lender does not pay such amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agent s demand therefor, the Administrative Agent may make a demand therefor upon the Borrower, and the Borrower shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent, together with interest thereon for the Compensation Period at the interest rate applicable to such Loan. Nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent or the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this Section 2.12(c) shall be conclusive, absent demonstrable error. (d) If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. (e) The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and to make its payment under Section 9.07 are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to fund any such participation on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan or purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 9.07. 95 

(f) Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. (g) Whenever any payment received by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents is insufficient to pay in full all amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on any date, such payment shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent and applied by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in the order of priority set forth in Section 8.04. If the Administrative Agent receives funds for application to the Loan Obligations of the Loan Parties under or in respect of the Loan Documents under circumstances for which the Loan Documents do not specify the manner in which such funds are to be applied, the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, elect to distribute such funds to each of the Lenders in accordance with such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the sum of (a) the Outstanding Amount of all Loans outstanding at such time and (b) the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations outstanding at such time, in repayment or prepayment of such of the outstanding Loans or other Loan Obligations then owing to such Lender. SECTION 2.13 Sharing of Payments. If, other than as expressly provided elsewhere herein, any Lender shall obtain on account of the Loans made by it, or its participations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans, any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of setoff, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other share contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Loans made by them and/or such subparticipations in the participations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans held by them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment in respect of such Loans or such participations, as the case may be, pro rata with each of them; provided that (x) if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount equal to such paying Lender s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such paying Lender s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered, without further interest thereon and (y) the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant or the application of Cash Collateral pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of this Agreement. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff, but subject to Section 10.09) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of demonstrable error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.13 and will in each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Loan Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Loan Obligations purchased. SECTION 2.14 Incremental Credit Extensions. (a) At any time and from time to time, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Loan Parties may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (whereupon the Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders), request to increase the amount of Term B Loans of any Class or add one or more additional tranches of term loans (any such Term B Loans or additional tranche of term loans, the Incremental Term Loans and/or one or more increases in the Revolving Credit Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility (a Revolving Credit Commitment Increase and/or the establishment of one or more new revolving credit commitments (an Additional Revolving Credit Commitment and, together with any Revolving Credit Commitment Increases, the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments together with the 96 

Incremental Term Loans, the Incremental Facilities ). Notwithstanding anything to contrary herein, the aggregate Dollar Equivalent amount of all Incremental Facilities (other than Refinancing Term Loans and Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments) (determined at the time of incurrence), together with the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Equivalent Debt and Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 7.03(r)(ii)(A), shall not exceed the Incremental Cap. Each Incremental Facility shall be in an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than 10,000,000 in case of Incremental Term Loans or 5,000,000 in case of Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, provided that such amount may be less than the applicable minimum amount if such amount represents all the remaining availability hereunder as set forth above. Each Incremental Facility shall have the same guarantees as, and to the extent secured, shall be secured only by (and on an equal or junior priority basis with) the Collateral securing, all of the other Loan Obligations under this Agreement (provided that, in the case of any Incremental Facility that is funded into Escrow, such Incremental Facility may be secured by the applicable funds and related assets held in Escrow (and the proceeds thereof) until such Incremental Facility is released from Escrow) and shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement. (b) Any Incremental Term Loans (i) for purposes of prepayments, shall be treated substantially the same as (and in any event no more favorably than) the Term B Loans, (ii) shall have interest rate margins and (subject to clauses (iii) and (iv)) amortization schedules as determined by the Borrower and the lenders thereunder (provided that, except in the case of Refinancing Term Loans, if such Incremental Term Loans are Qualifying Term Loans incurred in reliance on clause (c) of the Incremental Cap, the All-In-Rate applicable thereto will not be more than 0.50 per annum higher than the All-In-Rate in respect of the Term B Loans unless the Applicable Rate (and/or, as provided in the proviso below, the Base Rate floor or Eurocurrency Rate floorFloor) with respect to the Term B Loans is adjusted to be equal to the All-In-Rate applicable to such Indebtedness, minus 0.50 per annum (it being agreed that, (x) the relative rate differentials in any pricing grid specified in the Applicable Rate shall continue to be maintained and (y) to the extent the Incremental Term Loans include a pricing grid, the Applicable Rate for the Term B Loans may be amended to include a pricing grid to maintain the greater of (I) the 0.50 per annum differential and (II) the Applicable Rate of such Term B Loans immediately prior to giving effect to such Incremental Term Loans), provided that, unless otherwise agreed by the Borrower in its sole discretion, any increase in All-In-Rate to any Term B Loan due to the application or imposition of a Base Rate floor or Eurocurrency Rate floorFloor on any such Indebtedness shall be effected solely through an increase in (or implementation of, as applicable) any Base Rate floor or Eurocurrency Rate floorFloor applicable to such Term B Loan (this proviso to this clause (b)(ii), the MFN Provision )), (iii) any Incremental Term Loan (other than Inside Maturity Loans) shall not have a final maturity date earlier than the Maturity Date applicable to the Term B Loans), (iv) any Incremental Term Loan (other than Inside Maturity Loans) shall not have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term B Loans) and (v) shall be, taken as a whole, no more favorable to the lenders providing such Incremental Facility, in their capacity as such (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) (excluding (x) pricing, rate floors, original issue discounts or call protection, premiums and optional prepayment or redemption terms and (y) (I) covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the latest maturity date of the applicable Facility or (II) any more restrictive covenant, to the extent that (A) if such more restrictive covenant is added for the benefit of any Incremental Facility consisting of term loans other than Customary Term A Loans, such covenant (except to the extent only applicable after the maturity date of the Term B Loans) is also added for the benefit of all of the Facilities or (B) if such more restrictive covenant is added for the benefit of any Incremental Facility consisting of a revolving facility or Customary Term A Loans, such covenant (except to the extent only applicable after the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility) is also added for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Facility; it being understood and agreed that in each such case of clauses (A) and (B), no consent of any Agent and/or any Lender shall be required in connection with adding such covenant). (c) Any Revolving Credit Commitment Increase shall (i) have the same maturity date as the Revolving Credit Commitments under such Revolving Credit Facility that is being increased, (ii) require no scheduled amortization or mandatory commitment reduction prior to the final maturity of the Revolving Credit Commitments and (iii) be on the same terms and pursuant to the same documentation applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments under such Revolving Credit Facility that is being increased (it being understood that, if required to consummate a Revolving Credit Commitment Increase, the pricing, interest margin, rate floors and commitment fees shall be increased so long as such increases apply to the entire Revolving Credit Facility (provided that additional upfront or similar fees may be payable to the Lenders participating in the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase without any requirement to pay such amounts to Lenders holding existing Revolving Credit 97 

Commitments)). Any Additional Revolving Credit Commitments (i) shall have interest rate margins and, subject to clause (ii), have amortization schedules as determined by the Borrower and the lenders thereunder but shall not require scheduled amortization or mandatory commitment reductions prior to the Maturity Date of the Revolving Credit Facility, (ii) other than Inside Maturity Loans, mature no earlier than, and will require no mandatory commitment reduction prior to, the Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments, (iii) which are Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments shall not have a final maturity date earlier than the Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments being refinanced thereby and (iv) shall have the same terms as the Revolving Credit Commitments or such terms as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, it being understood that no consent shall be required from the Administrative Agent for terms and conditions that are more restrictive than the existing Revolving Credit Commitments to the extent that they apply to periods after the Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments or are otherwise added for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders hereunder (which shall not require the consent of any Revolving Credit Lender or any Agent); provided that to the extent any covenant that is more restrictive than the Financial Covenant is added for the benefit of any Additional Revolving Commitments, such covenant (except to the extent only applicable after the maturity date of each Revolving Credit Facility) is also added for the benefit of each Revolving Credit Facility; it being understood and agreed that in each such case, no consent of any Agent and/or any Lender shall be required in connection with adding such covenant); provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.14(c), (1) the borrowing and repayment (except for (A) payments of interest and fees at different rates on Additional Revolving Credit Commitments (and related outstandings), (B) repayments required upon the maturity date of the applicable Revolving Credit Commitments and (C) repayment made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of commitments (subject to clause (3) below)) of Revolving Credit Loans with respect to Additional Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a no less than pro rata basis (with respect to borrowings) and a no greater than pro rata basis (with respect to repayments) with all other Revolving Credit Commitments, (2) all Letters of Credit may be participated on a pro rata basis by all Lenders with Commitments in accordance with their percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitments, (3) the permanent repayment of commitments with respect to, and termination of, Additional Revolving Credit Commitments prior to the Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments at the time of incurrence of such Additional Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Credit Commitments, except that the Borrower shall be permitted to permanently repay and terminate commitments of any Class of Revolving Credit Commitments on a better than a pro rata basis as compared to any other Class with a later maturity date than such Class and (4) assignments and participations of Additional Revolving Credit Commitments (and Revolving Credit Loans made thereunder) shall be governed by the same or equivalent assignment and participation provisions applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Credit Loans. (d) [Reserved]. (e) Each notice from the applicable Loan Party pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall set forth the requested amount and proposed terms of the relevant Incremental Term Loans and/or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments. Any additional bank, financial institution, existing Lender or other Person that elects to extend Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (any such bank, financial institution, existing Lender or other Person being called an Additional Lender and, if not already a Lender, shall become a Lender under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (an Incremental Facility Amendment to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower and such Additional Lender, and, in the case of any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, each L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, no L/C Issuer is required to act as such for any Additional Revolving Credit Commitments unless they so consent. No Incremental Facility Amendment shall require the consent of any Lenders other than the Additional Lenders with respect to such Incremental Facility Amendment. No Lender shall be obligated to provide any Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, unless it so agrees. Commitments in respect of any Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments may become Commitments under this Agreement. An Incremental Facility Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to any Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.14. The effectiveness of any Incremental Facility Amendment shall, unless otherwise agreed to by the Additional Lenders, be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof (each, an Incremental Facility Closing Date of each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (it being understood that (i) all references to the date of such Credit Extension in Section 4.02 shall be deemed to refer to the Incremental Facility Closing 98 

Date and (ii) if the proceeds of such Incremental Facility are to be used, in whole or in part, to (x) finance a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment, such incurrence shall be subject to the LCT Provisions or (y) for any other purpose, no Event of Default shall exist on the Incremental Facility Closing Date). The proceeds of any Incremental Term Loans will be used for general corporate purposes and any other use not prohibited hereunder. Upon each increase in the Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Credit Facility pursuant to this Section 2.14 that is in the form of a Revolving Credit Commitment Increase, each Revolving Credit Lender immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each Lender providing a portion of the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment (each, an Incremental Revolving Increase Lender in respect of such Revolving Credit Commitment Increase, and each such Incremental Revolving Increase Lender will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assumed, a portion of such Revolving Credit Lender s participations hereunder in outstanding Letters of Credit such that, after giving effect to each such deemed assignment and assumption of participations, the percentage of the aggregate outstanding participations hereunder in Letters of Credit held by each Revolving Credit Lender (including each such Incremental Revolving Increase Lender) will equal the percentage of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments of all Revolving Credit Lenders represented by such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment after giving effect to such Revolving Credit Commitment Increase. Additionally, if any Revolving Credit Loans are outstanding under a Revolving Credit Facility at the time any Revolving Credit Commitment Increase is implemented under such Revolving Credit Facility, the Revolving Credit Lenders immediately after effectiveness of such Revolving Credit Commitment Increase shall purchase and assign at par such amounts of the Revolving Credit Loans outstanding under such Revolving Credit Facility at such time as the Administrative Agent may require such that each Revolving Credit Lender holds its Applicable Percentage of all Revolving Credit Loans outstanding under such Revolving Credit Facility immediately after giving effect to all such assignments. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to this Section 2.14. SECTION 2.15 Extensions of Term Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders of any Class of Term Loans or any Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, in each case on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the respective Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments of the applicable Class) and on the same terms to each such Lender, the Borrower is hereby permitted to consummate from time to time transactions with individual Lenders that accept the terms contained in such Extension Offers to extend the maturity date of each such Lender s Term Loans and/or Revolving Credit Commitments of the applicable Class and otherwise modify the terms of such Term Loans and/or Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including, without limitation, by increasing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of such Term Loans and/or Revolving Credit Commitments (and related outstandings), modifying the amortization schedule in respect of such Lender s Term Loans and/or modifying any prepayment premium or call protection in respect of such Lender s Term Loans) (each, an Extension, and each group of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, in each case as so extended, as well as the original Term Loans and the original Revolving Credit Commitments (in each case not so extended), being a separate Class of Term Loans from the Class of Term Loans from which they were converted, and any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined below) shall constitute a separate Class of Revolving Credit Commitments from the Class of Revolving Credit Commitments from which they were converted, it being understood that an Extension may be in the form of an increase in the amount of any outstanding Class of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments otherwise satisfying the criteria set forth below), so long as the following terms are satisfied: (i) except as to interest rates, fees and final and extended maturity (which shall be determined by the Borrower and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer), the Revolving Credit Commitment of any Revolving Credit Lender that agrees to an extension with respect to such Revolving Credit Commitment extended pursuant to an Extension (an Extended Revolving Credit Commitment ), and the related outstandings, shall be a Revolving Credit Commitment (or related outstandings, as the case may be) with the same terms as the original Class of Revolving Credit Commitments (and related outstandings); provided that at no time shall there be Revolving Credit Commitments hereunder (including Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and any original Revolving Credit Commitments) which have more than three different maturity dates; 99 

(ii) except as to interest rates, fees, amortization, final maturity date, premium, required prepayment dates and participation in prepayments (which shall, subject to immediately succeeding clauses (iii), (iv) and (v), be determined by the Borrower and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer), the Term Loans of any Term Lender that agrees to an extension with respect to such Term Loans extended pursuant to any Extension Extended Term Loans shall have the same terms as the Class of Term Loans subject to such Extension Offer; (iii) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Extended Term Loans shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term Loans extended thereby, and the maturity of any Extended Term Loans shall not be shorter than the maturity of the Term Loans extended thereby; (iv) any Extended Term Loans may participate (x) on a pro rata basis, greater than pro rata or a less than pro rata basis in any voluntary repayments or prepayments hereunder and (y) on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis) in any mandatory repayments or prepayments hereunder, in each case as specified in the respective Extension Offer; (v) if the aggregate principal amount of the Class of Term Loans (calculated on the face amount thereof) or Revolving Credit Commitments, as the case may be, in respect of which Term Lenders or Revolving Credit Lenders, as the case may be, shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class, as the case may be, offered to be extended by the Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class, as the case may be, of such Term Lenders or Revolving Credit Lenders, as the case may be, shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Term Lenders or Revolving Credit Lenders, as the case may be, have accepted such Extension Offer; (vi) all documentation in respect of such Extension shall be consistent with the foregoing; and (vii) any applicable Minimum Extension Condition shall be satisfied unless waived by the Borrower and no Lender shall be obligated to extend its Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments unless it so agrees. (b) With respect to all Extensions consummated by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.15, (i) such Extensions shall not constitute voluntary or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Section 2.05 and (ii) no Extension Offer is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment, provided that the Borrower may at its election specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition to consummating any such Extension that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Extension Offer in the Borrower s sole discretion and may be waived by the Borrower) of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments (as applicable) of any or all applicable Classes be tendered. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the transactions contemplated by this Section 2.15 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Extended Term Loans and/or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments on the such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 2.05, 2.12 and 2.13) or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any such Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.15. (c) No consent of any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be required to effectuate any Extension, other than (A) the consent of each Lender agreeing to such Extension with respect to one or more of its Term Loans and/or Revolving Credit Commitments (or a portion thereof) and (B) with respect to any Extension of any Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, the consent of the relevant L/C Issuer (if such L/C Issuer is being requested to issue letters of credit with respect to the Class of Extended Revolving Credit Commitments). All Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and all obligations in respect thereof shall be Loan Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with all other applicable Loan Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize and direct the Administrative Agent to enter into amendments to this 100 

Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Borrower as may be necessary in order to establish new Classes in respect of Revolving Credit Commitments or Term Loans so extended and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Classes, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.15 (and to the extent any such amendment is consistent with the terms of this Section 2.15 (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have consented to such amendment, and no such consent of the Administrative Agent shall be necessary to have such amendment become effective). (d) In connection with any Extension, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures (including, without limitation, regarding timing, rounding and other adjustments and to ensure reasonable administrative management of the credit facilities hereunder after such Extension), if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.15; provided that, failure to give such notice shall in no way affect the effectiveness of any amendment entered into to effectuate such Extension in accordance with this Section 2.15. SECTION 2.16 Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: (a) the Commitment Fee shall cease to accrue on any of the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.09(a); (b) the Commitment, Outstanding Amount of Term Loans and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether all Lenders, the Required Lenders or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 10.01); provided that any waiver, amendment or modification of a type described in clause (a), (b) or (c) of the first proviso in Section 10.01 that would apply to the Commitments or Loan Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender with respect to the effectiveness of such waiver, amendment or modification with respect to the Commitments or Loan Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender; (c) if any L/C Exposure or Swingline Loans exists at the time a Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility becomes a Defaulting Lender then: (i) all or any part of the L/C Exposure and Revolving Credit Exposure in respect of Swingline Loans of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures plus such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure and Revolving Credit Exposure in respect of Swingline Loans does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders relevant Commitments; (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within three (3) Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent, (A) Cash Collateralize or Backstop for the benefit of the L/C Issuer only the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure and (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.03(f) for so long as such L/C Exposure is outstanding and (B) repay the Swingline Loans in an amount of such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure in respect of Swingline Loans; (iii) if the Borrower Cash Collateralizes or Backstops any portion of such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.03(h) with respect to such Defaulting 101 

Lender s L/C Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure is Cash Collateralized or Backstopped; (iv) if the L/C Exposures of the non-Defaulting Lenders are increased pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Sections 2.09(a) and 2.03(h) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages; (v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure is neither reallocated nor Cash Collateralized or Backstopped pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the L/C Issuer or any other Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.03(h) with respect to such portion of such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure shall be payable to the L/C Issuer until and to the extent that such L/C Exposure is reallocated and/or Cash Collateralized or Backstopped; and (vi) subject to Section 10.23, no reallocation pursuant to this Section 2.16 shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. (d) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility, (A) the relevant L/C Issuer shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it has received assurances satisfactory to it that non-Defaulting Lenders will cover the related exposure and/or Cash Collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.16(c), and participating interests in any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.16(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein) and (B) such Lender is a Defaulting Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it has received assurances satisfactory to it that non-Defaulting Lenders will cover the related exposure, and participating interests in any newly issued Swingline Loans shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.16(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). (e) In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the relevant L/C Issuer each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the relevant L/C Exposures shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Credit Loans of the other Revolving Credit Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Revolving Credit Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. SECTION 2.17 Permitted Exchanges. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, a Permitted Exchange Offer made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders (other than, with respect to any Permitted Exchange Offer that constitutes an offering of securities, any Lender that, if requested by the Borrower, is unable to certify that it is (i) a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act), (ii) an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501 under the Securities Act) or (iii) not a U.S. person (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act)) with outstanding Term Loans of a particular Class, the Borrower may from time to time consummate one or more exchanges of such Term Loans for Indebtedness (in the form of senior secured, senior unsecured, senior subordinated, or subordinated notes or term loans) or Qualified Equity Interests (such Indebtedness or Qualified Equity Interests, Permitted Exchange Securities and each such exchange, a Permitted Exchange ), so long as the following conditions are satisfied: (i) each such Permitted Exchange Offer shall be made on a pro rata basis to the Term Lenders (other than, (x) with respect to any Permitted Exchange Offer that constitutes an offering of securities, any Lender that, if requested by the Borrower, is unable to certify that it is (i) a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act), (ii) an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501 102 

under the Securities Act) or (iii) not a U.S. person (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act) or (y) any Lender that, if requested by the Borrower, is unable to certify that it can receive the type of Permitted Exchange Securities being offered in connection with such Permitted Exchange) of each applicable Class based on their respective aggregate principal amounts of outstanding Term Loans under each such Class; (ii) the aggregate principal amount (calculated on the face amount thereof) of such Permitted Exchange Securities shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount (calculated on the face amount thereof) of Term Loans so refinanced, except by an amount equal to any fees, expenses, commissions, underwriting discounts and premiums payable in connection with such Permitted Exchange; (iii) the stated final maturity of such Permitted Exchange Securities is not earlier than the latest Maturity Date for the Class or Classes of Term Loans being exchanged, and such stated final maturity is not subject to any conditions that could result in such stated final maturity occurring on a date that precedes such latest maturity date (it being understood that acceleration or mandatory repayment, prepayment, redemption or repurchase of such Permitted Exchange Securities upon the occurrence of an event of default, a change in control, an event of loss or an asset disposition shall not be deemed to constitute a change in the stated final maturity thereof); (iv) such Permitted Exchange Securities are not required to be repaid, prepaid, redeemed, repurchased or defeased, whether on one or more fixed dates, upon the occurrence of one or more events or at the option of any holder thereof (except, in each case, upon the occurrence of an event of default, a change in control, an event of loss or an asset disposition) prior to the latest Maturity Date for the Class or Classes of Term Loans being exchanged, provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, scheduled amortization payments (however denominated, including scheduled offers to repurchase) of such Permitted Exchange Securities shall be permitted so long as the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Indebtedness shall be longer than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Class or Classes of Term Loans being exchanged; (v) no Restricted Subsidiary is a borrower or guarantor with respect to such Indebtedness unless such Restricted Subsidiary is or substantially concurrently becomes a Loan Party; (vi) if such Permitted Exchange Securities are secured, such Permitted Exchange Securities are secured on a pari passu basis or junior priority basis to the Obligations and (A) such Permitted Exchange Securities are not secured by any assets not securing the Obligations unless such assets substantially concurrently secure the Obligations and (B) the beneficiaries thereof (or an agent or trustee on their behalf) shall have become party to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement with the Collateral Agent; (vii) the terms and conditions of such Permitted Exchange Securities (excluding pricing and optional prepayment or redemption terms or covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Maturity Date of the Class or Classes of Term Loans being exchanged) reflect market terms and conditions at the time of incurrence or issuance (as reasonably determined by the Borrower); provided that if such Permitted Exchange Securities contain any financial maintenance covenants, such covenants shall not be more restrictive than (or in addition to) those contained in this Agreement (unless such covenants are also added for the benefit of the Lenders under this Agreement, which amendment to add such covenants to this Agreement shall not require the consent of any Lender or Agent hereunder); (viii) all Term Loans exchanged under each applicable Class by the Borrower pursuant to any Permitted Exchange shall automatically be canceled and retired by the Borrower on date of the settlement thereof (and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, any applicable exchanging Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, or such other form as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, in respect thereof pursuant to which the respective Lender assigns its interest in the Term Loans being exchanged pursuant to the Permitted Exchange to the Borrower for immediate cancellation), and accrued and unpaid interest on such Term Loans shall be paid to the exchanging Lenders on the date of consummation of such Permitted Exchange, or, if agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the next scheduled Interest Payment Date with respect to such Term Loans (with such interest accruing until the date of consummation of such Permitted Exchange); 103 

(ix) if the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans (calculated on the face amount thereof) of a given Class tendered by Lenders in respect of the relevant Permitted Exchange Offer (with no Lender being permitted to tender a principal amount of Term Loans which exceeds the principal amount thereof of the applicable Class actually held by it) shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Term Loans of such Class offered to be exchanged by the Borrower pursuant to such Permitted Exchange Offer, then the Borrower shall exchange Term Loans under the relevant Class tendered by such Lenders ratably up to such maximum based on the respective principal amounts so tendered, or, if such Permitted Exchange Offer shall have been made with respect to multiple Classes without specifying a maximum aggregate principal amount offered to be exchanged for each Class, and the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans (calculated on the face amount thereof) of all Classes tendered by Lenders in respect of the relevant Permitted Exchange Offer (with no Lender being permitted to tender a principal amount of Term Loans which exceeds the principal amount thereof actually held by it) shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Term Loans of all relevant Classes offered to be exchanged by the Borrower pursuant to such Permitted Exchange Offer, then the Borrower shall exchange Term Loans across all Classes subject to such Permitted Exchange Offer tendered by such Lenders ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts so tendered; (x) all documentation in respect of such Permitted Exchange shall be consistent with the foregoing, and all written communications generally directed to the Lenders in connection therewith shall be in form and substance consistent with the foregoing and made in consultation with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent; and (xi) any applicable Minimum Tender Condition or Maximum Tender Condition, as the case may be, shall be satisfied or waived by the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Lender shall have any obligation to agree to have any of its Loans or Commitments exchanged pursuant to any Permitted Exchange Offer. (b) With respect to all Permitted Exchanges effected by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Permitted Exchange Offer shall be made for not less than 25,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Term Loans, provided that subject to the foregoing the Borrower may at its election specify (A) as a condition (a Minimum Tender Condition to consummating any such Permitted Exchange that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Permitted Exchange Offer in the Borrower s discretion) of Term Loans of any or all applicable Classes be tendered and/or (B) as a condition (a Maximum Tender Condition to consummating any such Permitted Exchange that no more than a maximum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Permitted Exchange Offer in the Borrower s discretion) of Term Loans of any or all applicable Classes will be accepted for exchange. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that the provisions of Sections 2.05, 2.06 and 2.13 do not apply to the Permitted Exchange and the other transactions contemplated by this Section 2.17 and hereby agree not to assert any Default or Event of Default in connection with the implementation of any such Permitted Exchange or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.17. (c) In connection with each Permitted Exchange, (i) the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof; provided that, failure to give such notice shall in no way affect the effectiveness of any Permitted Exchange consummated in accordance with this Section 2.17 and (ii) the Borrower, in consultation with the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, shall establish such procedures as may be necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.17; provided that the terms of any Permitted Exchange Offer shall provide that the date by which the relevant Lenders are required to indicate their election to participate in such Permitted Exchange shall be not less than five (5) Business Days following the date on which the Permitted Exchange Offer is made. The Borrower shall provide the final results of such Permitted Exchange to the Administrative Agent no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed date of effectiveness for such Permitted Exchange (or such shorter period agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely on such results. (d) The Borrower shall be responsible for compliance with, and hereby agrees to comply with, all applicable securities and other laws in connection with each Permitted Exchange, it being understood and 104 

agreed that (i) neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender assumes any responsibility in connection with the Borrower s compliance with such laws in connection with any Permitted Exchange and (ii) each Lender shall be solely responsible for its compliance with any applicable insider trading laws and regulations to which such Lender may be subject under the Exchange Act. ARTICLE III Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality SECTION 3.01 Taxes. (a) Except as provided in this Section 3.01, any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the applicable withholding agent). If any applicable withholding agent shall be required by any Laws to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under any Loan Document, (i) if such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all required deductions have been made (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01), the applicable Lender or Agent (or, in the case of payments made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the applicable withholding agent shall make such withholding or deductions, (iii) the applicable withholding agent shall pay or remit the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Laws, and (iv) as soon as practicable after the date of any such payment by any Loan Party, such Loan Party (or the Borrower) shall furnish to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing payment thereof, or other written proof of payment thereof that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (b) In addition, and without duplication of any obligation set forth in Section 3.01(a), the Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Laws, or at the option of the Administrative Agent reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. (c) Without duplication of any amounts paid pursuant to Section 3.01(a) or Section 3.01(b), the Borrower shall jointly and severally indemnify each Agent and each Lender within ten (10) days of receipt of a written demand thereof for (i) the full amount of Indemnified Taxes (including any Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction in respect of amounts payable under this Section 3.01) payable or paid by such Agent and such Lender and (ii) any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, in each case whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or Agent (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or Agent, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (d) If any party determines, in its reasonable and good faith discretion, that it has received a refund in respect of any Indemnified Taxes as to which indemnification or additional amounts have been paid to it by any Loan Party pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall promptly remit an amount equal to such refund as soon as practicable after it is determined that such refund pertains to Indemnified Taxes (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Loan Parties under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes giving rise to such refund) to the Borrower, net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including any Taxes) of the Lender or Agent, as the case may be and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant taxing authority with respect to such refund); provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Lender or Agent, as the case may be, shall promptly return an amount equal to such refund (plus any applicable interest, additions to tax or penalties) to such party in the event such party is required to repay such refund to the relevant Governmental Authority. Such Lender or Agent, as the case may be, shall, at the Borrower s request, provide the Borrower with a copy of any notice of assessment or other evidence of the requirement to repay such refund received from the relevant Governmental Authority (provided that such Lender or Agent may delete any information therein that such Lender or Agent deems confidential). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.01(d), in no event will any Lender or Agent be required to pay any amount to any Loan Party 105 

pursuant to this Section 3.01(d) the payment of which would place such Lender or Agent in a less favorable net after-Tax position than it would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification or additional amounts and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. Nothing herein contained shall interfere with the right of a Lender or Agent to arrange its Tax affairs in whatever manner it thinks fit nor oblige any Lender or Agent to claim any refund or to make available its Tax returns or disclose any information relating to its Tax affairs (or any other information that it deems confidential) or any computations in respect thereof or require any Lender or Agent to do anything that would prejudice its ability to benefit from any other refunds, credits, reliefs, remissions or repayments to which it may be entitled. (e) Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 3.01(a) or (c) with respect to Taxes or Section 3.03 with respect to increased costs, in each cash with respect to such Lender it will, if requested by the Borrower, use commercially reasonable efforts (subject to legal and regulatory restrictions), at the Borrower s expense, to designate another Applicable Lending Office for any Loan or Letter of Credit affected by such event if doing so would reduce or eliminate amounts payable under Section 3.01(a) or (c) or Section 3.03; provided that such efforts are made on terms that, in the judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its Applicable Lending Office(s) to suffer no unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender, and provided, further that nothing in this Section 3.01(e) shall affect or postpone any of the Obligations of the Borrower or the rights of such Lender pursuant to Section 3.01(a) or (c). (f) Each Lender shall, at such times as are reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, provide the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with any properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable Laws, or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, certifying as to any entitlement of such Lender to an exemption from, or reduction in, any withholding Tax with respect to any payments to be made to such Lender under any Loan Document. Each such Lender shall, whenever a lapse in time or change in circumstances renders such documentation (including any documentation specifically referenced below) expired, obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, deliver promptly to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent updated or other appropriate documentation (including any new documentation reasonably requested by the applicable withholding agent) or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: (i) Each Lender that is a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or before the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement two properly completed and duly signed original copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form) certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding; (ii) Each Lender that is not a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or before the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter when required by applicable Laws or upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two properly completed and duly signed original copies of whichever of the following is applicable: (A) Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor forms), claiming eligibility for benefits of (i.e., reduction of or exemption from Tax) an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, (B) Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8ECI (or any successor forms), (C) in the case of a Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) or the Code, (x) a certificate, in substantially the form of Exhibit K (any such certificate a United States Tax Compliance Certificate ), or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent, to the effect that such Lender is not (A) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10 106 

percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code or (C) a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and that no interest payments under any Loan Documents are effectively connected with such Lender s conduct of a U.S. trade or business, and (y) Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN or Forms W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor forms), (D) to the extent a Lender is not the beneficial owner (for example, where the Lender is a partnership, or is a Lender that has granted a participation), Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY (or any successor forms) of the Lender, accompanied by an Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, a United States Tax Compliance Certificate, Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, Form W-8IMY (or other successor forms) or any other required information from each beneficial owner, as applicable (provided that, if the Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, the United States Tax Compliance Certificate may be provided by such Lender on behalf of such direct or indirect partner(s)), or (E) any other form prescribed by applicable U.S. federal income tax laws (including the Treasury regulations) as a basis for claiming a complete exemption from, or a reduction in, U.S. federal withholding tax on any payments to such Lender under the Loan Documents, together with such supplemental documentation as may be prescribed by applicable laws to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. (iii) If a payment made to a Recipient under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Sections 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by applicable Laws and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Laws (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their FATCA obligations, to determine whether such Lender has or has not complied with such Lender s FATCA obligations and to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iii), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 3.01(f), a Lender shall not be required to deliver any form that such Lender is not legally eligible to deliver. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Loan Parties and to any successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided by such Lender to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 3.01(f). (a) The Administrative Agent (or any successor thereto) shall provide the Borrower with, (i) if it is a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), on or prior to the date that it becomes a party to this Agreement, a duly completed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that it is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding (along with any other tax forms reasonably requested by the Borrower), or (ii) if it is not a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), (1) with respect to amounts payable to the Administrative Agent for its own account, a duly completed Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI or Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (along with any other tax forms reasonably requested by the Borrower), together with any required accompanying documentation), and (2) with respect to amounts payable to the Administrative Agent on behalf of a Lender, a duly completed Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY (together with any required accompanying documentation) and shall update such forms periodically upon the reasonable request of the Borrower. Notwithstanding any other provision of this clause (g), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to deliver any form that such Administrative Agent is not legally eligible to deliver. (b) For the avoidance of doubt, the term Lender shall, for purposes of this Section 3.01, include any L/C Issuer. 107 

(c) Each parties' obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. SECTION 3.02 Inability to Determine Rates. (1) With respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, (a) Subject in all respects to clause (b) below, if in connection with any request for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, (a) (i) the Administrative Agent reasonably determines in good faith that deposits (whether in Dollars or an Alternative Currency) are not being offered to banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or (ii) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurocurrency Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan (whether denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency) or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan (in each case with respect to clause (a), Impacted Loans ), or (b) the Administrative Agent reasonably determine in good faith that the Eurocurrency Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the affected currency or currencies shall be suspended, (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurocurrency Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the affected currency or currencies (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. (b) If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan: (i) Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be made in good faith and be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period; or (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period; then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or electronic means as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist (which notice shall be promptly given by the Administrative Agent when such circumstances no longer exist), (i) any Committed Loan Notice that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall be ineffective, and (ii) if any Committed Loan Notice requests a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, such Borrowing shall be made as a Base Rate Loan; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then the other Type of Borrowings shall be permitted. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that (i) the circumstances set forth in clause (b)(i) have arisen and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or (ii) the circumstances set forth in clause (b)(i) have not arisen but the supervisor for the administrator of LIBOR or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which LIBOR shall no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall endeavor to establish an alternate rate of interest to the Eurocurrency Rate that gives due consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for syndicated loans in the United States at such time, and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement 108 

to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10.01, such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days of the date notice of such alternate rate of interest is provided to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders of each Class stating that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. Until an alternate rate of interest shall be determined in accordance with this clause (b) (but, in the case of the circumstances described in clause (ii) of the first sentence of this Section 3.02(b), only to the extent the screen page for such Interest Period is not available or published at such time on a current basis), (x) any Committed Loan Notice that requests the conversion of any Revolving Credit Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Credit Borrowing as, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall be ineffective and (y) if any Committed Loan Notice requests a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, such Borrowing shall be made as an Base Rate Loan and (z) any request by the Borrower for a Eurodollar Competitive Borrowing shall be ineffective. The interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans is determined by reference to LIBOR, which is derived from the London interbank offered rate. The London interbank offered rate is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that, after the end of 2021, it would no longer persuade or compel contributing banks to make rate submissions to the ICE Benchmark Administration (together with any successor to the ICE Benchmark Administrator, the IBA for purposes of the IBA setting the London interbank offered rate. As a result, it is possible that commencing in 2022, the London interbank offered rate may no longer be available or may no longer be deemed an appropriate reference rate upon which to determine the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans. In light of this eventuality, public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of the London interbank offered rate. In the event that the London interbank offered rate is no longer available or in certain other circumstances as set forth in this Section 3.02 of this Agreement, such Section 3.02 provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower, pursuant to this Section 3.02, in advance of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans is based. However, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and each L/C Issuer do not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to the CDOR Rate, London interbank offered rate or other rates in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate, LIBOR or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate, as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to this Section 3.02, will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, Eurocurrency Rate or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. (2) With respect to the Term Loans: Subject to Section 3.02, if, on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any SOFR Loan: (a) the Administrative Agent reasonably determines in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or (b) Term Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of such Class determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Adjusted Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Term Lenders of making and maintaining such Term Loan, and Term Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of such Class have provided notice of such determination to the Administrative Agent, then, in each case, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Term Lender. Upon written notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Term Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR 109 

Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent (with respect to clause (b), at the instruction of the Term Lenders comprising Required Lenders of such Class) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such written notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.03. Subject to Section 3.09, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (ii)(c) of the definition of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination. SECTION 3.03 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy; Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Loans and SOFR Loans. (a) If any Lender determines that as a result of any Change in Law (including with respect to Taxes), or such Lender s compliance therewith, there shall be any increase in the cost to such Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining any Loan or issuing or participating in Letters of Credit, or a reduction in the amount received or receivable by such Lender in connection with any of the foregoing (excluding for purposes of this Section 3.03(a) any such increased costs or reduction in amount resulting from (i) Indemnified Taxes indemnifiable under Section 3.01, (ii) Excluded Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, (iii) Excluded Taxes described in clause (a) of the definition of Excluded Taxes to the extent such Taxes are imposed on or measured by such Lender s net income or profits (or are franchise Taxes imposed in lieu thereof or are branch profit taxes) or (iv) reserve requirements contemplated by Section 3.03(c)), then from time to time within fifteen (15) days after demand by such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail such increased costs (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent given in accordance with Section 3.05), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduction; provided that in the case of any Change in Law only applicable as a result of the proviso set forth in the definition thereof, such Lender will only be compensated for such amounts that would have otherwise been imposed under the applicable increased cost provisions and only to the extent the applicable Lender is imposing such charges on other generally similarly situated borrowers (but not necessarily all such borrowers) under comparable syndicated credit facilities. (b) If any Lender determines that as a result of any Change in Law regarding capital adequacy or liquidity requirements, or any change therein or in the interpretation thereof, in each case after the date hereof, or compliance by such Lender (or its Applicable Lending Office) therewith, has the effect of reducing the rate of return on the capital of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender as a consequence of such Lender s obligations hereunder (taking into consideration its policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity requirements, and such Lender s desired return on capital), then from time to time upon demand of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the charge and the calculation of such reduced rate of return (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent given in accordance with Section 3.05), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such reduction within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such demand. (c) The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits, or funds or deposits bearing interest with reference to the applicable Benchmark, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any other central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in 110 

respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, provided the Borrower shall have received at least fifteen (15) days prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or cost from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice fifteen (15) days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest or cost shall be due and payable fifteen (15) days after receipt of such notice. (d) Subject to Section 3.05(b), failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 3.03 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation. (e) If any Lender requests compensation under this Section 3.03, then such Lender will, if requested by the Borrower, use commercially reasonable efforts to designate another Applicable Lending Office for any Loan or Letter of Credit affected by such event; provided that such efforts are made on terms that, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its Applicable Lending Office(s) to suffer no material economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage; and provided, further that nothing in this Section 3.03(e) shall affect or postpone any of the Obligations of the Borrower or the rights of such Lender pursuant to Section 3.03(a), (b), (c) or (d). SECTION 3.04 Funding Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan; or (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan (other than a Base Rate Loan) on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.04, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurocurrency Rate Loan made by it at the Eurocurrency Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurocurrency Rate Loan was in fact so funded. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with any Incremental Term Loans, parties thereto shall endeavor to adjust Interest Periods thereon to minimize amounts payable under this Section 3.04 with respect thereto. SECTION 3.05 Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation. (a) Any Agent or any Lender claiming compensation under this Article III shall deliver a certificate to the Borrower setting forth the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder which shall be conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error. In determining such amount, such Agent or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. (b) With respect to any Lender s claim for compensation under Section 3.01, Section 3.02, Section 3.03 or Section 3.04, the Borrower shall not be required to compensate such Lender for any amount incurred more than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of 111 

the event that gives rise to such claim; provided that, if the circumstance giving rise to such claim is retroactive, then such 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. If any Lender requests compensation by the Borrower under Section 3.03, the Borrower may, by notice to such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), suspend the obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans from one Interest Period to another, or to convert Base Rate Loans into Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, until the event or condition giving rise to such request ceases to be in effect (in which case the provisions of Section 3.05(c) shall be applicable); provided that such suspension shall not affect the right of such Lender to receive the compensation so requested. (c) If the obligation of any Lender to make or continue any Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan from one Interest Period to another, or to convert Base Rate Loans into Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans shall be suspended pursuant to Section 3.05(b) hereof, such Lender s Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars or SOFR Loans shall be automatically converted into Base Rate Loans on the last day(s) of the then current Interest Period(s) for such Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable (or, in the case of an immediate conversion required by Section 3.02, on such earlier date as required by Law) and, unless and until such Lender gives notice as provided below that the circumstances specified in Section 3.03 hereof that gave rise to such conversion no longer exist: (i) to the extent that such Lender s Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars or SOFR Loans have been so converted, all payments and prepayments of principal that would otherwise be applied to such Lender s Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans shall be applied instead to its Base Rate Loans; and (ii) all Loans denominated in Dollars that would otherwise be made or continued from one Interest Period to another by such Lender as Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans shall be made or continued instead as Base Rate Loans, and all Base Rate Loans of such Lender that would otherwise be converted into Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans shall remain as Base Rate Loans. (d) If any Lender gives notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) that the circumstances specified in Section 3.03 hereof that gave rise to the conversion of such Lender s Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars or SOFR Loans pursuant to this Section 3.05 no longer exist (which such Lender agrees to do promptly upon such circumstances ceasing to exist) at a time when Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans made by other Lenders are outstanding, such Lender s Base Rate Loans shall be automatically converted to Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, on the first day(s) of the next succeeding Interest Period(s) for such outstanding Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, to the extent necessary so that, after giving effect thereto, all Loans held by the Lenders holding Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans and by such Lender are held pro rata (as to principal amounts, interest rate basis, and Interest Periods) in accordance with their respective Commitments. SECTION 3.06 Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances. (a) If at any time (i) any Lender requests reimbursement for amounts owing pursuant to Section 3.01 or Section 3.03 as a result of any condition described in such Sections or any Lender ceases to make Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans as a result of any condition described in Section 3.02 or Section 3.03, (ii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, (iii) any Lender becomes a Non-Consenting Lender, (iv) any Lender becomes a Non-Extending Lender and/or, (v) any suspension or cancellation of any obligation of any Lender to issue, make, maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to any such Borrowing pursuant to Section 3.07, then the Borrower may, at its election and its sole expense and effort, on prior written notice to the Administrative Agent and such Lender, to the extent not in conflict with applicable Laws in any material respect, either (x) replace such Lender by requiring such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign pursuant to Section 10.07(b) (with the assignment fee to be paid by the Borrower in such instance) all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (or, with respect to clause (iii) above, all of its rights and obligations with respect to the Class of Loans or Commitments that is the subject of the related consent, waiver or amendment) (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04) to one or more Eligible Assignees; provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrower to find a replacement Lender or other such Person; and provided, further that (A) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.03 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will 112 

result in a reduction in such compensation or payments and (B) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable Eligible Assignees shall have agreed to the applicable departure, waiver or amendment of the Loan Documents or (y) repay the Loans and terminate the Commitments held by any such Lender notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (including, without limitation, Section 2.05, Section 2.06, Section 2.07 or Section 2.13), on a non-pro rata basis so long as any accrued and unpaid interest and required fees are paid any such Non-Consenting Lender or Non-Extending Lender. (b) Any Lender being replaced pursuant to Section 3.06(a) above shall (i) execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Lender s Commitment and outstanding Loans and participations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans (provided that the failure of any such Lender to execute an Assignment and Assumption shall not render such assignment invalid and such assignment shall be recorded in the Register) and (ii) deliver Notes, if any, evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or Administrative Agent. Pursuant to such Assignment and Assumption, (A) the assignee Lender shall acquire all or a portion, as the case may be, of the assigning Lender s Commitments and outstanding Loans and participations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans, (B) all obligations of the Loan Parties owing to the assigning Lender relating to the Loan Documents and participations so assigned shall be paid in full by the assignee Lender or the Loan Parties (as applicable) to such assigning Lender concurrently with such assignment and assumption, any amounts owing to the assigning Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) under Section 3.04 as a consequence of such assignment and, in the case of an assignment of Term Loans in connection with a Repricing Event, the premium, if any, that would have been payable by the Borrower on such date pursuant to Section 2.05(a)(iii) if such Lender s Term Loans subject to such assignment had been prepaid on such date shall have been paid by the Borrower to the assigning Lender and (C) upon such payment and, if so requested by the assignee Lender, the assignor Lender shall deliver to the assignee Lender the appropriate Note or Notes executed by the Borrower, the assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder and the assigning Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender hereunder with respect to such assigned Loans, Commitments and participations, except with respect to indemnification provisions under this Agreement, which shall survive as to such assigning Lender. (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, any Lender that acts as an L/C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time that it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer (including the furnishing of a backstop standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer, or the depositing of Cash Collateral into a Cash Collateral Account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer) have been made with respect to each such outstanding Letter of Credit and the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.09. (d) In the event that (i) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent have requested that the Lenders (A) consent to a departure or waiver of any provisions of the Loan Documents or (B) agree to any amendment thereto, (ii) the consent, waiver or amendment in question requires the agreement of all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 or all the Lenders with respect to a certain Class of the Loans and (iii) solely with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) above, the Required Lenders have agreed to such consent, waiver or amendment, then any Lender who does not agree to such consent, waiver or amendment shall be deemed a Non-Consenting Lender. In the event that the Borrower or the Administrative Agent has requested that the Lenders consent to an extension of the Maturity Date of any Class of Loans as permitted by Section 2.15, then any Lender who does not agree to such extension shall be deemed a Non-Extending Lender. SECTION 3.07 Illegality. If (a) in any applicable jurisdiction, the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender, as applicable, to (i) perform any of its obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (ii) to fund or maintain its participation in any Loan or (iii) issue, make, maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to any Borrowing to any Loan Party who is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States, a State thereof or the District of Columbia (including, as a result of any illegality due to any economic or financial sanctions administered or enforced by any sanctions authority) or (b) any Lender is advised in writing by a sanctions authority that penalties will be imposed by a sanctions authority as a result of such Lender s participation in the Agreement or any other business or financial relationship with the Borrower, in each case of clauses (a) and (b), such Person shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent, then, upon the Administrative Agent notifying the 113 

Borrower, and until such notice by such Person is revoked, any obligation of such Person to issue, make, maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to any such Borrowing shall be suspended, and to the extent required by applicable Law, canceled. Upon receipt of such notice, the Loan Parties shall, (A) repay that Person s participation in the Loans or other applicable Obligations on the last day of the Interest Period for each Loan or other Obligation occurring after the Administrative Agent has notified the Borrower or, if earlier, the date specified by such Person in the notice delivered to the Administrative Agent (being no earlier than the last day of any applicable grace period permitted by applicable Law) and (B) take all reasonable actions requested by such Person to mitigate or avoid such illegality. SECTION 3.08 Survival. Each Party s obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Loan Obligations hereunder and any assignment of rights by or replacement of a Lender or L/C Issuer. SECTION 3.09 Benchmark Replacement Setting. (a) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Term Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Term Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of such Class. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. (i) No Secured Hedge Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.24). (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Term Lenders of (i) the occurrence of an Other Benchmark Election and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (iii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 3.09(d) and (v) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the Term B Facility. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or the Term B Lenders pursuant to this Section 3.09, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any 114 

other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.09. (d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark with respect to any Term Loan or Term Borrowing is a term rate (including Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (in consultation with the Borrower) or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings with respect to such Term Loans or Term Borrowing, at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the rate applicable to such SOFR Loan, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark related to the Term B Facility is not an Available Tenor, the component of Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. (f) Prior to implementing a Benchmark Replacement and/or any Conforming Changes, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts (exercised in good faith) to implement such Benchmark Replacement and/or any Conforming Changes in a manner that is intended to comply with the terms of United States Treasury Regulation Section 1.1001-6 (or any successor or similar Treasury Regulations) such that the Benchmark Replacement and/or Conforming Changes do not constitute a significant modification for purposes of United States Treasury Regulation Section 1.1001-3 (including, but not limited to, using commercially reasonable efforts toimplement a Benchmark Replacement that is a qualified rate , as defined in the United States Treasury Regulation Section 1.1001-6). ARTICLE IV Conditions Precedent to Credit Extensions SECTION 4.01 Conditions to Initial Credit Extension . The obligation of each Initial Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 10.01 and the paragraph immediately succeeding Section 4.01(h)) of the following conditions precedent: (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals, facsimiles or other electronic copies (in each case, followed promptly by originals if requested) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Initial Lenders: (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement, the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, the Guaranty, the Security Agreement (and 115 

intellectual property security agreements required thereunder), and each of the other Loan Documents to be entered into on the Closing Date and prior to any such initial Credit Extension, in any case, subject to the provisions of this Section 4.01 and together with (except as provided in the Collateral Documents and/or the provisions of this Section 4.01): (A) certificates, if any, representing the pledged equity referred to therein accompanied by undated stock powers executed in blank and (if applicable) instruments evidencing the pledged debt referred to therein endorsed in blank, and (B) evidence that that all other actions, recordings and filings (UCC financing statements (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, local fixture filings in respect of the Billboard Collateral) and intellectual property security agreements) that the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may deem reasonably necessary to satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall have been taken, completed or otherwise provided for (ii) a Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Initial Lender that has requested a Note at least five (5) Business Days in advance of the Closing Date; (iii) such certificates (including a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit L), copies of Organization Documents of the Loan Parties, resolutions or other action and incumbency certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party, evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or is to be a party on the Closing Date; (iv) (iv) an opinion from Kirkland Ellis LLP, in its capacity as counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender; (v) a certificate attesting to the Solvency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) on the Closing Date after giving effect to the Transactions, from the Borrower s chief financial officer or other officer with equivalent duties; (vi) a Committed Loan Notice or Letter of Credit Application, as applicable, relating to the initial Credit Extension and an associated letter of direction; (vii) copies of recent customary state level UCC lien, tax and judgment searches prior to the Closing Date with respect to the Loan Parties located in the United States; and (viii) if available in the relevant jurisdiction, good standing certificates or certificates of status, as applicable and bring down telegrams or facsimiles, for each Loan Party. (b) All fees and expenses required to be paid on the Closing Date hereunder or pursuant to any agreement in writing entered into by the Borrower, as applicable, to the extent, with respect to expenses, invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, shall have been paid in full in cash or will be paid on the Closing Date out of the initial Credit Extension of Loans. (c) Prior to or substantially simultaneously with such initial Credit Extension of Loans, the Refinancing shall have been consummated. (d) The Lead Arrangers shall have received (i) the Audited Financial Statements and (ii) the Unaudited Financial Statements. (e) The Administrative Agent and the Initial Lenders shall have received at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date all documentation and other information about the Loan Parties as has 116 

been reasonably requested in writing at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date by the Administrative Agent or such Initial Lenders that they reasonably determine is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act. (f) Since December 31, 2018, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (g) Each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied. (h) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in Section 4.01(f) and (g) and Section 4.02. The making of the initial Credit Extensions by the applicable Initial Lenders hereunder shall conclusively be deemed to constitute an acknowledgement by the Administrative Agent and each such Initial Lender that each of the conditions precedent set forth in this Section 4.01 shall have been satisfied in accordance with its respective terms or shall have been irrevocably waived by such Person. SECTION 4.02 Conditions to All Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension under the Revolving Credit Facility (or any other facility as set forth in this Agreement) and any requests for Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments which are established, but not drawn on the date of the effectiveness of such facility (other than (x) a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loan, or (y) a Credit Extension under any Incremental Facility in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment, which are subject to the LCT Provisions) is subject to the following conditions precedent: (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension; provided that, to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided, further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. (c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the relevant L/C Issuer shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. Each Request for Credit Extension (other than (i) a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, or (ii) a Credit Extension in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment which are subject to the LCT Provisions) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the applicable conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. ARTICLE V Representations and Warranties The Borrower represents and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders that: 117 

SECTION 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party (a) is a Person duly incorporated, organized or formed, and validly existing and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) is duly qualified and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, (d) is in compliance with all Laws, orders, writs, injunctions and orders and (e) has all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to operate its business as currently conducted; except in each case referred to in clause (a) (other than with respect to the Borrower), (b)(i), (c), (d) or (e), to the extent that failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is a party, and the consummation of the Transactions, (a) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action and (b) do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or require any payment to be made under (A) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) any material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject, (iii) result in the creation of any Lien (other than under the Loan Documents and Liens subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) or (iv) violate any material Law; except (in the case of clauses (b)(ii) and (b)(iv)), to the extent that such conflict, breach, contravention, payment or violation would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for the consummation of the Transactions, (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (c) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral Documents (including the priority thereof) or (d) the exercise by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents, except for (i) filings necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties, (ii) the approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect and (iii) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 5.04 Binding Effect. This Agreement and each other Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement and each other Loan Document constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity. SECTION 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. (a) The Audited Financial Statements, the Unaudited Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof, and its results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods covered thereby, except as otherwise disclosed to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date. (b) Since the Closing Date, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 118 

Each Lender and the Administrative Agent hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may be required to restate historical financial statements as the result of the implementation of changes in GAAP or IFRS, or the respective interpretation thereof, and that such restatements will not result in a Default under the Loan Documents. SECTION 5.06 Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.06, there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or by or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 5.07 Ownership of Property; Liens. (a) Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has good and valid title to, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all property necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, free and clear of all Liens except for minor defects in title that do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business or to utilize such assets for their intended purposes, Permitted Liens and any Liens and privileges arising mandatorily by Law and, in each case, except where the failure to have such title or other interest would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. (b) On the Closing Date, the Borrower is in compliance with the insurance procedures and policies in Section 6.06 hereof, except where the failure to so be in compliance would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. (c) As of the Closing Date, there are no Material Real Properties other than those listed on Schedule 5.07 hereof. SECTION 5.08 Environmental Compliance. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.08 or as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect: (a) there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions, suits, notices of violation, notices of potential responsibility or proceedings by or against any Loan Party or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries alleging potential liability under, or responsibility for violation of, any Environmental Law. (b) there has been no Release of Hazardous Materials at, on, under or from any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or their respective Restricted Subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected to give rise to liability under Environmental Laws; (c) no Loan Party nor any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries is currently undertaking, either individually or together with other persons, any investigation or response action relating to any actual or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials at any location pursuant to the order of any Governmental Authority or the requirements of any Environmental Law; (d) all Hazardous Materials transported by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries from any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries for off-site disposal have been disposed of in compliance with any Environmental Laws; and (e) the Loan Parties and their respective Restricted Subsidiaries and their respective businesses, operations and properties are and have been in compliance with all Environmental Laws and have obtained, maintained and are in compliance with all permits, licenses or approvals required under Environmental Laws for their operations. 119 

SECTION 5.09 Taxes. The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed all federal, provincial, state, municipal, non-U.S. and other Tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have timely paid all federal, provincial, state, municipal, non-U.S. and other Taxes levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) those Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP or IFRS, as applicable, or (b) failures to file or pay as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There are no Tax audits, deficiencies, assessments or other claims with respect to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that would, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 5.10 Compliance with ERISA. (a) Except as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan and Foreign Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state Laws and applicable foreign laws, respectively. (b) (i) No ERISA Event or similar event with respect to a Foreign Plan has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (ii) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Section 4201 et seq. of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan; and (iii) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that would be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA, except, with respect to each of the foregoing clauses of this Section 5.10(b), as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (c) The Borrower represents and warrants as of the Closing Date that it is not and will not be (1) an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of ERISA, (2) a plan or account subject to Section 4975 of the Code; or (3) an entity deemed to hold plan assets of any such plans or accounts for purposes of ERISA or the Code. SECTION 5.11 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests. As of the Closing Date, neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.11, and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and, in the case of Equity Interests representing corporate interests, nonassessable and, on the Closing Date, all Equity Interests owned directly or indirectly by the Borrower or any other Loan Party are owned free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Liens. As of the Closing Date, Schedule 5.11 (a) sets forth the name and jurisdiction of organization or incorporation of each Subsidiary of a Loan Party, (b) sets forth the ownership interest of the Borrower and any of the Loan Parties in each of their Subsidiaries, including the percentage of such ownership and (c) identifies each Person the Equity Interests of which are required to be pledged on the Closing Date pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. SECTION 5.12 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act. (a) No Loan Party is engaged nor will it engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock, and no proceeds of any Borrowings and no Letter of Credit will be used for any purpose that violates Regulation U or Regulation X of the FRB. (b) None of the Loan Parties is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. SECTION 5.13 Disclosure. On the Closing Date, no report, financial statement, certificate or other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to any Agent, any Lead Arranger or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) when taken as a whole contains when furnished any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact 120 

necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation; it being understood that such projections may vary from actual results and that such variances may be material. SECTION 5.14 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. Each of the Loan Parties and the other Restricted Subsidiaries own, license or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, technology, software, know-how database rights, design rights and other intellectual property rights (collectively, IP Rights that are used in or reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted, and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, without violation of the rights of any Person, except to the extent such failures to own, license or possess or violations, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any such IP Rights is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiary, which, either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 5.15 Solvency. On the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions occurring on or prior to the Closing Date, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. For the purposes hereof, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. SECTION 5.16 Collateral Documents. The Collateral Documents are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties legal, valid and enforceable Liens on and security interests in, the Collateral described therein and to the extent intended to be created thereby, except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity, and (i) when all appropriate filings or recordings are made in the appropriate offices as may be required under applicable Laws (which filings or recordings shall be made to the extent required by any Collateral Document) and (ii) upon the taking of possession or control by the Collateral Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control (which possession or control shall be given to the Collateral Agent to the extent required by any Collateral Document), the Liens created by such Collateral Documents will constitute so far as possible under relevant Law fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Collateral, with the priority set forth in the applicable intercreditor agreement, in each case subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens. SECTION 5.17 Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Term B Loans and the Revolving Credit Loans and Letters of Credit shall be used in a manner consistent with the uses set forth in the Preliminary Statements to this Agreement. SECTION 5.18 Patriot Act. (i) Neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party is in material violation of any applicable laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, including Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 23, 2001 and the USA PATRIOT Act. (ii) The use of proceeds of the Loans and Letters of Credit will not violate in any material respect the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended or any of the foreign asset control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R. Subtitle B, Chapter V). SECTION 5.19 Sanctioned Persons. None of the Borrower, its Restricted Subsidiaries, or, any director, officer, or employee, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent or affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is a person that is, or is 50 or more owned by one or more persons that are, (i) currently the target of any economic sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC of the U.S. Treasury Department or the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any member state thereof, or Her Majesty s Treasury, the government of Canada or any other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions or (ii) located, organized, or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the target of comprehensive Sanctions (currently, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or the Crimea region of Ukraine). The Borrower will not, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, use 121 

the proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person that is the subject of Sanctions or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of comprehensive Sanctions, or (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any person. SECTION 5.20 FCPA. No part of the proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended FCPA ), or any other similar applicable anti-corruption law (collectively, the Anti-Corruption Laws ). The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. ARTICLE VI Affirmative Covenants So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Loan Obligation hereunder which is accrued and payable shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (other than Letters of Credit that have been Cash Collateralized or Backstopped or as to which other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer have been made), the Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Section 6.01, Section 6.02 and Section 6.03) cause each Restricted Subsidiary to: SECTION 6.01 Financial Statements. Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender: (a) within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower ending after the Closing Date, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year and including a customary management discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern qualification (other than an emphasis of matter or explanatory or like paragraph) (other than (x) with respect to, or resulting from, a current debt maturity and/or (y) any potential default or event of default of any financial covenant under this Agreement and/or any other Indebtedness; (b) within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower beginning with the first fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related (i) consolidated statements of income or operations for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the fiscal year then ended and (ii) consolidated statements of cash flows for the portion of the fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year and including a customary management discussion and analysis of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, all in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes; and (c) simultaneously with the delivery of each set of consolidated financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a) and (b) above, the Borrower shall provide the related unaudited consolidating 122 

financial information in reasonable detail necessary to eliminate the accounts of any parent entity or Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such consolidated financial statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 6.01 may be satisfied with respect to financial information of the Borrower by furnishing the Borrower s or a parent entity s Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC; provided that to the extent such information is in lieu of information required to be provided under Section 6.01(a), such materials are accompanied by a report and opinion by an independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which statements, report and opinion may be subject to the same exceptions and qualifications as contemplated in Section 6.01(a) (including the proviso thereto). SECTION 6.02 Certificates; Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender: (a) no later than five (5) days after the required deadline for delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a) and (b), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; (b) promptly after the same are publicly available, copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower files with the SEC or with any Governmental Authority that may be substituted therefor (other than amendments to any registration statement (to the extent such registration statement, in the form it became effective, is delivered), exhibits to any registration statement and, if applicable, any registration statement on Form S-8) and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; (c) together with the delivery of the financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and each Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(a), (i) a list of Subsidiaries that identifies each Subsidiary as a Material Subsidiary or an Immaterial Subsidiary for the Test Period covered by such Compliance Certificate or a confirmation that there is no change for such period in such information since the later of the Closing Date or the date of the last such list and (ii) such other information required by the Compliance Certificate; and (d) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, legal, financial or corporate affairs of any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender through the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.02(d), none of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary will be required to disclose or permit the inspection or discussion of, any document, information or other matter (x) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (y) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) would be in breach of any confidentiality obligations, fiduciary duty or Law or (z) that is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product; provided, further that in the event that the Borrower does not provide information in reliance on the exclusions in this sentence, it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to communicate, to the extent permitted, the applicable information in a way that would not violate such restrictions. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and (b) or Section 6.02(a) may be delivered (1) electronically or (2) to the extent that such are publicly available via EDGAR or another publicly available reporting system, by the Borrower advising the Administrative Agent of the filing thereof, and if so delivered pursuant to clause (1), shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on IntraLinks/IntraAgency or another relevant website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) or pursuant to clause (2), shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date the Borrower advises the Administrative Agent of the filing thereof; 123 

provided that with respect to clause (1): (i) upon written request by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Borrower shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of such documents. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (A) the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Loan Parties hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on SyndTrak, IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (B) certain of the Lenders Public Lenders may be Public-Side Lenders (i.e., Lenders that (or have personnel that) do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws; (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. The Borrower agrees that any financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and 6.01(b) and Compliance Certificate delivered under Section 6.02(a) will be deemed to be PUBLIC Borrower Materials and may be made available to Public Lenders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall be under no obligation to mark any Borrower Materials PUBLIC. SECTION 6.03 Notices. (a) Promptly after a Responsible Officer obtains actual knowledge thereof, notify the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender: (i) of the occurrence of any Default, which notice shall specify the nature thereof, the period of existence thereof and what action the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto; (ii) of any litigation or governmental proceeding (including, without limitation, pursuant to any Environmental Laws) pending against the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries that would result in a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event or similar event with respect to a Foreign Plan that would result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (iv) of any other event that would have a Material Adverse Effect. (b) [reserved]. SECTION 6.04 Maintenance of Existence. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges (including its good standing), permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except (i) in each case of clauses (a) (other than with 124 

respect to the Borrower) and (b), to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) in each case, pursuant to a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or Section 7.05. SECTION 6.05 Maintenance of Properties. Except if the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order, repair and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and casualty or condemnation excepted, and (b) make all necessary renewals, replacements, modifications, improvements, upgrades, extensions and additions thereof or thereto in accordance with prudent industry practice. SECTION 6.06 Maintenance of Insurance. (a) Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance reasonable and customary for similarly situated Persons engaged in the same or similar businesses as the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons. (b) With respect to Loan Parties organized in the United States, (i) such Loan Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to procure that such insurance shall provide that no cancellation, material reduction in amount or material change in coverage thereof shall be effective until at least ten (10) days (or, to the extent reasonably available, thirty (30) days) after receipt by the Collateral Agent of written notice thereof (the Borrower shall deliver a copy of the policy (and to the extent any such policy is canceled or renewed, a renewal or replacement policy) or other evidence thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, or insurance certificate with respect thereto) and (ii) such insurance shall name the Collateral Agent as lender loss payee (in the case of property insurance) or additional insured on behalf of the Secured Parties (in the case of liability insurance), as applicable. SECTION 6.07 Compliance with Laws. (i) Comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions and (ii) comply in all respects with all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions, decrees and judgments applicable to it or to its business or property (including without limitation, Environmental Laws and ERISA), except as to clause (ii) if the failure to comply therewith would not, individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 6.08 Books and Records. Maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and are in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be; it being agreed that the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall only be required to provide such books of record and account in accordance with and to the extent required by the standards set forth in Section 6.09. SECTION 6.09 Inspection Rights. With respect to any Loan Party, permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of its properties and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, managers, officers, and independent public accountants, all at the reasonable expense of the Borrower and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided that, excluding any such visits and inspections as contemplated by the next proviso, the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 6.09 and the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than one (1) time during any calendar year absent the existence of a Specified Event of Default and such inspection shall be at the Borrower s sole expense; provided, further that to the extent (A) any Specified Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may, and (B) to the extent any Event of Default under Section 8.01(b) (solely with respect to the Financial Covenant and the Liquidity Covenant) exists, the Administrative Agent or any Revolving Credit Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may, in each case of 125 

clauses (A) and (B), do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall give the Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Borrower s independent public accountants. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.09, none of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary will be required to disclose or permit the inspection or discussion of, any document, information or other matter (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) would be in breach of any confidentiality obligations, fiduciary duty or Law or (iii) that is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product; provided that in the event that the Borrower does not provide information in reliance on the exclusions in this sentence, it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to communicate, to the extent permitted, the applicable information in a way that would not violate such restrictions. SECTION 6.10 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security. At the Borrower s expense, take all action necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to ensure that the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement continues to be satisfied, including: (a) upon (x)(A) the formation or acquisition of any new direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (in each case, other than an Excluded Subsidiary) by any Loan Party, (B) the designation in accordance with Section 6.13 of any existing direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, (C) any Excluded Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary or (D) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party merging or amalgamating with a Loan Party in accordance with the proviso in Section 7.04(a) or (y) the designation by the Borrower, at its election, of any Excluded Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Guarantor (each, an Additional Guarantor (i) within sixty (60) days after such formation, acquisition, designation or occurrence or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion; provided that (I) solely in the case of any such designation of a non-U.S. Excluded Subsidiary as an Additional Guarantor (a Non-U.S. Discretionary Guarantor ), consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required prior to the addition of any Non-U.S. Discretionary Guarantor, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned (it being understood that such consent may be withheld if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that such Non-U.S. Discretionary Guarantor is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction (i) where the amount and enforceability of the contemplated guarantee that may be entered into by a Person organized in the relevant jurisdiction is materially and adversely limited by applicable law or contractual limitations, (ii) where the security interests (and the enforceability thereof) that may be granted with respect to assets (or various classes of assets) located in the relevant jurisdiction are materially and adversely limited by applicable law or (iii) that is not a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development or is the target of any Sanctions; provided that no such consent shall be required for the addition of any Additional Guarantor organized under the laws of the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, the Netherlands and Luxembourg) and (II) the Administrative Agent shall have received at least two (2) Business Days prior to such Non-U.S. Discretionary Guarantor becoming an Additional Guarantor all documentation and other information in respect of such Non-U.S. Discretionary Guarantor as has been reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in writing that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act (and, upon any request made by a Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent will provide the Lenders with all such information made available to it in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of this Agreement): (A) cause each such Additional Guarantor to furnish to the Administrative Agent a description of the Material Real Properties that are not Excluded Property owned by such Restricted Subsidiary in detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 126 

(B) cause each such Additional Guarantor to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as appropriate) Mortgages, pledges, guarantees, assignments, Security Agreement Supplements and other security agreements and documents or joinders or supplements thereto (including without limitation, with respect to Mortgages, the documents listed in paragraph (f) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement ), as reasonably requested by and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (consistent with the Mortgages, Security Agreement and other Collateral Documents in effect on the Closing Date or required, as of the Closing Date to be delivered in accordance with Section 6.12), in each case granting Liens required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement; (C) cause each such Additional Guarantor to deliver any and all certificates representing Equity Interests (to the extent certificated) that are required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, accompanied by undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed in blank and (if applicable) instruments evidencing the Indebtedness held by such Restricted Subsidiary and required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral Documents, indorsed in blank to the Collateral Agent; (D) take and cause such Additional Guarantor and each direct or indirect parent of such Restricted Subsidiary to take whatever action (including the recording of Mortgages, the filing of financing statements and intellectual property security agreements and delivery of stock and membership interest certificates) may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent to vest in the Collateral Agent (or in any representative of the Collateral Agent designated by it) valid and perfected Liens required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement with the Lien priority permitted under the Loan Documents, enforceable against all third parties in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law); (E) to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, cause each such Restricted Subsidiary to deliver customary board resolutions and officers certificates; and (ii) as promptly as practicable after the request therefor by the Collateral Agent and to the extent in the Borrower s possession, deliver to the Collateral Agent with respect to each Material Real Property that is not Excluded Property, any existing title reports, title insurance policies and surveys or environmental assessment reports to the extent reasonably available; and (b) upon the acquisition of any Material Real Property after the Closing Date that is not Excluded Property by any Loan Party, if such Material Real Property shall not already be subject to a perfected first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) under the Collateral Documents pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and is required to be, the Borrower shall within ninety (90) days after such the acquisition of such Material Real Property (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) provide the Administrative Agent written notice thereof, and cause such real property to be subjected to a Lien to the extent required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and will take, or cause the relevant Loan Party to take, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to grant and perfect or record such Lien, including, as applicable, the actions referred to in paragraph (f) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement provided that the Borrower shall provide written notice to the Secured Parties that such Material Real Property shall become subject to a Lien at least forty-five (45) days prior to the granting of the Lien over such Material Real Property. If any Lender determines, acting reasonably, that any applicable Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender to hold or benefit from a Lien over real property pursuant to any Law of the United States or any State thereof, such Lender may notify the Administrative Agent and disclaim any benefit of such Lien to the extent of 127 

such illegality; provided that, (x) such determination or disclaimer shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such Lien for the benefit of any other Secured Party and (y) if any such determination or disclaimer shall reduce any recovery, or deemed amount of recovery, from any such Lien, then notwithstanding any sharing of payment or similar provision of this Agreement to the contrary, including any provision of Section 2.13 and/or Section 8.04, such reduction shall be borne solely by the Lender or Lenders making such determination or disclaimer. SECTION 6.11 Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, in a manner consistent with the uses set forth in the Preliminary Statements to this Agreement. SECTION 6.12 Further Assurances and Post-Closing Covenants. (a) Promptly upon reasonable request by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (i) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral, and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents. (b) Within the time periods specified on Schedule 6.12 hereto (as each may be extended by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), complete such undertakings as are set forth on Schedule 6.12 hereto. SECTION 6.13 Designation of Subsidiaries. (a) Subject to Section 6.13(b) below, the Borrower may at any time designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that at no time may any Subsidiary be an Unrestricted Subsidiary hereunder if it is a restricted Subsidiary (or term of similar import) for the purpose of the ABL Facility, the Senior Secured Notes, the Stepped Up Notes or any Junior Debt. The designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Borrower therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Borrower s investment therein. The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence at the time of designation of any Indebtedness or Liens of such Subsidiary existing at such time. (b) The Borrower may not (x) designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or (y) designate an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case unless no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom. SECTION 6.14 Payment of Taxes. The Borrower will pay and discharge promptly, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, all Taxes imposed upon it or upon its income or profits, or upon any properties belonging to it, in each case on a timely basis, and all lawful claims which, if unpaid, may reasonably be expected to become a lien or charge upon any properties of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted under this Agreement; provided that neither the Borrower nor any of the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to pay any such Tax or claim which is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings if it has maintained adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP or IFRS, as applicable, or which would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to constitute a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 6.15 Maintenance of Ratings. The Borrower will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain (i) a public corporate credit rating (but not any specific rating) from S P and a public corporate family rating (but not any specific rating) from Moody s, in each case in respect of the Borrower (or, its applicable public parent entity), and (ii) a public rating (but not any specific rating) in respect of each of the Term Facility from each of S P and Moody s. 128 

SECTION 6.16 Nature of Business. The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries will engage only in material lines of business substantially similar to those lines of business conducted by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business reasonably related, complementary, incidental or ancillary thereto. SECTION 6.17 Fiscal Year. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date, and in such case only to the extent necessary to conform to the fiscal year of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) to, change its methodology of determining its fiscal year-end from such methodology in effect on the Closing Date; provided that, the Borrower may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent, change its fiscal year-end to another date reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in which case the Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary in order to reflect such change in financial reporting, which adjustments shall become effective when the Administrative Agent posts the amendment reflecting such changes to the Platform, and the Required Lenders have not objected to such amendment within five (5) Business Days. SECTION 6.18 Lender Calls. Following the delivery of the financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable, the Borrower shall host a conference call with the Lenders, at a time to be mutually agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, to review the financial results of operation and the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; it being understood and agreed that this Section 6.18 shall be satisfied by any quarterly earnings call held by the Borrower or any parent entity thereof to investors of its public equity securities. SECTION 6.19 Maintenance of REIT Status. Following the REIT Election, the Borrower (or applicable parent entity) will, at all times, conduct its affairs in a manner so as to continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes until such time as the board of directors of the Borrower (or applicable parent entity) deems it in the best interests of the Borrower and its stockholders not to remain qualified as a REIT. ARTICLE VII Negative Covenants So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Loan Obligation hereunder which is accrued and payable shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (other than Letters of Credit that have been Cash Collateralized or Backstopped or as to which other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer have been made), the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to: SECTION 7.01 Liens. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following: (a) (i) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document, (ii) Liens securing the Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(b)(i); provided that, the beneficiaries thereof (or an agent or trustee on their behalf) shall have become party to the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or other Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and (iii) Liens securing the Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(b)(iii); provided that, the beneficiaries thereof (or an agent or trustee on their behalf) shall have become party to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement or other Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement; (b) Liens existing on the date hereof securing Indebtedness or other obligations (x) with an individual value not in excess of 5,000,000 or (y) listed on Schedule 7.01(b) and in each case of the foregoing clauses (x) and (y), any modifications, replacements, refinancings, renewals or extensions thereof; provided that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03, and (B) proceeds and products thereof and (ii) the modification, 129 

replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens (if such obligations constitute Indebtedness) is permitted by Section 7.03; (c) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges (i) which are not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days, (ii) which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person to the extent required in accordance with GAAP or (iii) with respect to which the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (d) statutory or common law Liens of landlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen, construction contractors or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business (i) which secure amounts not overdue for a period of more than sixty (60) days or if more than sixty (60) days overdue, are unfiled (or if filed have been discharged or stayed) and no other action has been taken to enforce such Lien, (ii) which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person to the extent required in accordance with GAAP or (iii) with respect to which the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (e) (i) pledges, deposits or Liens arising as a matter of law in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, payroll taxes, unemployment insurance, general liability or property insurance and/or other social security legislation; and (ii) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (f) Liens to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations), in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business and obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantee or similar instruments that have been posted to support the same; (g) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, covenants, conditions, encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances and minor title defects affecting real property which, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and any exception on the Mortgage Policies issued in connection with the Mortgaged Property; (h) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h); (i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(f); provided that (i) such Liens attach concurrently with or within two hundred seventy (270) days after the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement (as applicable) of the property subject to such Liens, (ii) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness, replacements thereof and additions and accessions to such property and the proceeds and the products thereof and customary security deposits, and (iii) with respect to Capitalized Leases, such Liens do not at any time extend to or cover any assets (except for additions and accessions to such assets, replacements and products thereof and customary security deposits) other than the assets subject to such Capitalized Leases; provided that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such lender; 130 

(j) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses, in each case in the ordinary course of business (and Liens on the property covered thereby), which do not (i) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) secure any Indebtedness; (k) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business; (l) Liens (i) of a collection bank (including those arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code) on the items in the course of collection, (ii) in favor of a banking or other financial institution or entities and/or electronic payment service providers arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including the right of setoff) and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry and (iii) arising by the terms of documents of banks or other financial institutions in relation to the maintenance or administration of deposit accounts, securities accounts or cash management arrangements; (m) Liens (i) on cash advances or escrow deposits in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.02 to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment or otherwise in connection with any escrow arrangements with respect to any such Investment or any Disposition permitted under Section 7.05 and (ii) consisting of an agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 7.05, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or Disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien; (n) [reserved]; (o) Liens existing on property at the time of its acquisition or existing on the property of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (other than by designation as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.13), in each case after the date hereof; provided that (i) such Lien was not created in contemplation of such acquisition or such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) such Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets or property (other than the proceeds or products thereof and other than after-acquired property subjected to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are permitted hereunder that require, pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired property, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition), and (iii) any Indebtedness secured thereby is permitted under Section 7.03(f) and/or Section 7.03(r)(i); (p) any interest or title of a lessor or sublessor under leases or subleases entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (q) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale of goods entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (r) Liens that are contractual rights of setoff (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks or other financial institutions not given in connection with the incurrence of Indebtedness, (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (s) Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement filings or any equivalent filings in respect of any leases; 131 

(t) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; (u) any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of any real property; (v) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and the proceeds thereof securing such Person s obligations in respect of documentary letters of credit issued for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or goods; (w) the modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Lien permitted by clauses (b), (i) and (o) of this Section 7.01; provided that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03, and (B) proceeds and products thereof; and (ii) the renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens is permitted by Section 7.03; (x) ground leases in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries are located; (y) Liens (i) on property of a Non-Loan Party securing Indebtedness that is permitted pursuant to Section 7.03 and (ii) on property of a Foreign Subsidiary securing obligations of such Foreign Subsidiary that are not Indebtedness; (z) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted hereunder; (aa) Liens securing obligations that arise in the ordinary or normal course of business and that do not constitute Indebtedness and that are not otherwise expressly contemplated by this Section 7.03; (bb) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(m); (cc) other Liens; provided that at the time of incurrence of the obligations secured thereby, the aggregate outstanding face amount of obligations secured by Liens existing in reliance on this clause shall not exceed the greater of (x) 215,000,000 and (y) 35.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; (dd) Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations, provided that at the time of incurrence of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby, in the case of (x) Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations on the Collateral that are pari passu with the Lien on the Collateral securing the Obligations, the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed 5.00:1.00 (or, to the extent incurred in connection with any acquisition or similar investment not prohibited by this Agreement, the greater of 5.00:1.00 and the First Lien Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period), (y) Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations on the Collateral that are junior to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Obligations, the Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed 5.25:1.00 (or, to the extent incurred in connection with any acquisition or similar investment not prohibited by this Agreement, the greater of 5.25:1.00 and the Secured Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period) and (z) Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations on assets that are not Collateral, the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 8.25:1.00 (or, to the extent incurred in connection with any acquisition or similar investment not prohibited by this Agreement, the greater of 8.25:1.00 and the Total Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period), in each case, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, including the application of the proceeds thereof, as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; (ee) Liens securing (i) Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(r), Section 7.03(s), 7.03(t), Section 7.03(w) and Section 7.03(y), in each case, to the extent contemplated by, and subject to the 132 

limitations set forth in such provisions; provided that, to the extent such Lien is on the Collateral, the beneficiaries thereof (or an agent or trustee on their behalf) shall have become party to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof; (ff) with respect to any Foreign Subsidiary, other Liens and privileges arising mandatorily by Law; (gg) [reserved]; (hh) [reserved]; (ii) Liens created or deemed to exist by the establishment of trusts for the purpose of satisfying government reimbursement program costs and other actions or claims pertaining to the same or related matters or other medical reimbursement programs; (jj) Liens on cash and Cash Equivalents used to satisfy or discharge Indebtedness; provided that, such satisfaction or discharge is permitted hereunder; (kk) receipt of progress payments and advances from customers in the ordinary course of business to the extent the same creates a Lien on the related inventory and proceeds thereof; (ll) Liens on cash or permitted Investments securing Swap Contracts in the ordinary course of business submitted for clearing in accordance with applicable requirements of Law and Liens on receivables and related assets arising in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing; (mm) the prior rights of consignees and their lenders under consignment arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business; (nn) Liens on Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries; (oo) Liens arising as a result of a Permitted Sale Leaseback or other sale-leaseback permitted by Section 7.05; and (pp) Liens on proceeds of Indebtedness held in Escrow for so long as the proceeds thereof are and continue to be held in Escrow. For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.01, if any Lien (or a portion thereof) would be permitted pursuant to one or more provisions described above, the Borrower may divide and classify such Lien (or a portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this covenant and may later divide and reclassify any such Lien so long as the Lien (as so divided and/or reclassified) would be permitted to be made in reliance on the applicable exception as of the date of such reclassification. SECTION 7.02 Investments. Make any Investments, except: (a) Investments by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in assets that were Cash Equivalents when such Investment was made; (b) loans or advances to officers, directors, managers, partners and employees of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) or its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) for reasonable and customary business-related travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes, (ii) in connection with such Person s purchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower (or such direct or indirect parent) (provided that, the proceeds of any such loans and advances shall be contributed by such parent entity to, or applied to a transaction resulting in a return of net cash proceeds in a substantially similar amount to, the Borrower, as the case may be; provided, further that such contribution or return, as applicable, shall not constitute an equity contribution that may be utilized for other baskets (including the 133 

Available Amount) in this Article VII) and (iii) for purposes not described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at the time made not to exceed the greater of (x) 30,000,000 and (y) 5.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; (c) asset purchases (including purchases of inventory, supplies and materials) and the licensing or contribution of intellectual property, in each case in the ordinary course of business; (d) Investments (i) by any Loan Party in any other Loan Party, (ii) by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in any Loan Party, (iii) by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party and (iv) by any Loan Party in any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party; provided that, in the case of this clause (iv), the aggregate amount of such Investments by a Loan Party shall either (x) be made in the ordinary course or consistent with past practice or (y) not exceed the greater of (x) 150,000,000 and (y) 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; (e) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors and other credits to suppliers in the ordinary course of business; (f) Investments consisting of Liens, Indebtedness, fundamental changes, Dispositions and Restricted Payments permitted (other than, in each case, by reference to this Section 7.02) under Section 7.01, Section 7.03, Section 7.04, Section 7.05 and Section 7.06, respectively; (g) [reserved]; (h) Investments in Swap Contracts permitted under Section 7.03(g); (i) promissory notes and other noncash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 7.05; (j) the purchase or other acquisition of property and assets or businesses of any Person or of assets constituting a business unit, a line of business or division of such Person by the Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary, or Equity Interests in a Person that, upon the consummation thereof, will be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower (including as a result of a merger or consolidation) (each, a Permitted Acquisition provided that (i) after giving effect to any such purchase or other acquisition and (A) subject to the LCT Provisions, no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (B) the Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance with Section 6.16 and (ii) to the extent required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, (A) the property, assets and businesses acquired in such purchase or other acquisition shall become Collateral and (B) any such newly created or acquired Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) shall become Guarantors, in each case in accordance with Section 6.10; (k) the Transactions; (l) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with past practice; (m) Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers or in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers and suppliers from financially troubled account debtors or upon the foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment; 134 

(n) Investments as valued at cost at the time each such Investment is made and including all related commitments for future Investments, in an amount not exceeding the Available Amount; provided that at the time of making any such Investment, with respect to any Investment made utilizing amounts specified in clause (b) of the definition of Available Amount, no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (o) advances of payroll payments to employees in the ordinary course of business; (p) loans and advances to the Borrower in lieu of, and not in excess of the amount of (after giving effect to any other such loans or advances or Restricted Payments in respect thereof), Restricted Payments to the extent permitted to be made to such direct or indirect parent in accordance with Section 7.06; provided that any such loan or advance shall reduce the amount of such applicable Restricted Payment thereafter permitted under Section 7.06 by a corresponding amount (if such applicable provision of Section 7.06 contains a maximum amount); (q) Investments held by a Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of a corporation or company merged into the Borrower or merged or consolidated with a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 7.04 after the Closing Date to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger or consolidation; (r) Guarantee Obligations of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of leases (other than Capitalized Leases) or of other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business; (s) Investments to the extent that payment for such Investments is made with Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower (other than any Cure Amount or Cure Amount (as defined in the ABL Facility)); provided that, any amounts used for such an Investment or other acquisition that are not Qualified Equity Interests shall otherwise be permitted pursuant to this Section 7.02; (t) other Investments in an aggregate amount, as valued at cost at the time each such Investment is made and including all related commitments for future Investments, not exceeding: (i) the greater of (x) 275,000,000 and (y) 45.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; plus (ii) (A) the greater of (x) 215,000,000 and (y) 35.0 of Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower for the most recently ended Test Period minus (B) the amount of prepayments of Junior Debt made pursuant to Section 7.08(a)(iii)(A); plus (iii) (A) the greater of (x) 215,000,000 and (y) 35.0 of Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower for the most recently ended Test Period minus (B) the amount of Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 7.06(j); (u) [reserved]; (v) Investments in JV Entities and Unrestricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount, as valued at cost at the time each such Investment is made and including all related commitments for future Investments, not exceeding the greater of (i) 150,000,000 and (ii) 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; (w) contributions to a rabbi trust for the benefit of employees or other grantor trust subject to claims of creditors in the case of a bankruptcy of the Borrower; 135 

(x) Investments by an Unrestricted Subsidiary entered into prior to the day such Unrestricted Subsidiary is redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary provided that such Investments were not entered into in contemplation of such redesignations; (y) other Investments; provided that, at the time of such Investment, the Total Leverage Ratio of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period, on a Pro Forma Basis, would be no greater than 6.75:1.00; (z) Investments existing or contemplated on a Closing Date (x) with an individual value not in excess of 5,000,000 or (y) set forth on Schedule 7.02 and any modification, replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension thereof; provided that the amount of any Investment permitted pursuant to this Section 7.02 is not increased from the amount of such Investment on the Closing Date except pursuant to the terms of such Investment as of the Closing Date or as otherwise permitted by this Section 7.02; (aa) Investments in connection with any Reorganization; (bb) Investments in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of cash contributions made after the Closing Date to the Borrower in exchange for Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower, except to the extent utilized in connection with any other transaction permitted by Section 7.06 or Section 7.08, and except to the extent such amount increases the Available Amount, constitutes a Cure Amount or a Cure Amount (as defined in the ABL Facility); (cc) Investments in a Similar Business after the Closing Date in an aggregate amount for all such Investments not to exceed, at the time such Investment is made and after giving effect to such Investment, the sum of (i) an amount equal to the greater of (x) 500,000,000 and (y) 85.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period as of such time plus (ii) the aggregate amount of any cash repayment of or return on such Investments theretofore received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date; (dd) the forgiveness or conversion to equity of any intercompany Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or the cancellation or forgiveness of any Indebtedness owed to the Borrower (or any parent entity) or a Subsidiary from any members of management of the Borrower (or any parent entity) or any Subsidiary, in each case permitted by Section 7.03; (ee) to the extent that they constitute Investments, purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies, materials or equipment or purchases, acquisitions, licenses or leases of other assets, intellectual property, or other rights, in each case in the ordinary course of business; and (ff) Investments (i) in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing and (ii) distributions or payments of Securitization Fees and purchases of Securitization Assets or Receivables Assets in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing. For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.02, if any Investment (or a portion thereof) would be permitted pursuant to one or more provisions described above, the Borrower may divide and classify such Investment (or a portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this covenant and may later divide and reclassify any such Investment so long as the Investment (as so divided and/or reclassified) would be permitted to be made in reliance on the applicable exception as of the date of such reclassification. SECTION 7.03 Indebtedness. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: (a) Indebtedness of the Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under the Loan Documents; 136 

(b) the (i) Senior Secured Notes, in an aggregate outstanding principal amount under this clause (i) not to exceed 1,250,000,000 (and any Permitted Refinancing thereof), (ii) Stepped Up Notes, in an aggregate outstanding principal amount under this clause (ii) not to exceed 1,901,500,000 (and any Permitted Refinancing thereof) and (iii) Indebtedness (x) under the ABL Facility in an aggregate outstanding principal amount under this clause (iii) not to exceed the sum of (I) 125,000,000 plus (II) any incremental facility, protective advances and/or over advances permitted under the ABL Facility as in effect on the date hereof and (y) in respect of Cash Management Obligations and Secured Hedge Agreements (each as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement (or any equivalent term under any documentation governing any ABL Facility)), and, in each case of this clause (iii), any Permitted Refinancing thereof; (c) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof (x) with an individual value not in excess of 5,000,000 or (y) listed on Schedule 7.03(c) and in each case of the foregoing clauses (x) and (y), any Permitted Refinancing thereof; (d) Guarantee Obligations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries otherwise permitted hereunder (except that a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may not, by virtue of this Section 7.03(d), guarantee Indebtedness that such Subsidiary could not otherwise incur under this Section 7.03); provided that, (x) if the Indebtedness being guaranteed is subordinated to the Loan Obligations, such Guarantee Obligation shall be subordinated to the Guarantee of the Loan Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the subordination of such Indebtedness and (y) Guarantee Obligations made by a Loan Party with respect to Indebtedness of a Non-Loan Party must be permitted pursuant to Section 7.02; (e) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries owing to the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary to the extent constituting an Investment permitted by Section 7.02; provided that all such Indebtedness of any Loan Party owed to any Person that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to the subordination terms set forth in Section 3.02 of the Guaranty (but only to the extent permitted by applicable law and not giving rise to material adverse tax consequences); (f) (i) Attributable Indebtedness and other Indebtedness (including Capitalized Leases) financing the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement of fixed or capital assets (provided that such Indebtedness is incurred concurrently with or within two hundred seventy (270) days after the applicable acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement), (ii) Attributable Indebtedness arising out of Permitted Sale Leasebacks and (iii) any Permitted Refinancing of any Indebtedness set forth in the immediately preceding clauses (i) and (ii); provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness (including without limitation Attributable Indebtedness, but excluding Attributable Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (ii)) under this Section 7.03(f) does not exceed, at the time of the incurrence thereof, the greater of (x) 140,000,000 and (y) 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; (g) Indebtedness in respect of Swap Contracts not for speculative purposes (i) entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary has actual or anticipated exposure (other than those in respect of shares of capital stock or other equity ownership interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary), (ii) entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed to floating rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (iii) entered into to hedge commodities, currencies, general economic conditions, raw materials prices, revenue streams or business performance; (h) obligations of non-wholly-owned Foreign Subsidiaries that are Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests in an amount not to exceed 50,000,000 at any time outstanding; 137 

(i) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees of the Borrower (or any parent entity) and its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business; (j) Indebtedness to future, present or former directors, officers, members of management, employees or consultants of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective estates, heirs, family members, spouses or former spouses to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) permitted by Section 7.06(f); (k) Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition, any other Investment expressly permitted hereunder or any Disposition, in each case to the extent constituting indemnification obligations or obligations in respect of purchase price (including earn-outs) or other similar adjustments; (l) Indebtedness consisting of obligations of the Borrower (or any parent entity) or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under deferred compensation or other similar arrangements incurred by such Person in connection with the Transactions, any Permitted Acquisitions and/or any other Investment expressly permitted hereunder; (m) Cash Management Obligations and other Indebtedness in respect of netting services, automatic clearinghouse arrangements, overdraft protections, cash pooling arrangements, purchase card and similar arrangements in each case incurred in the ordinary course; (n) Indebtedness consisting of (a) the financing of insurance premiums or (b) take or pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business; (o) Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers acceptances, warehouse receipts or similar instruments issued or created in the ordinary course of business, including in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims; (p) obligations in respect of performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and performance and completion guarantees and similar obligations provided by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments related thereto, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; (q) Indebtedness supported by a Letter of Credit in a principal amount not to exceed the face amount of such Letter of Credit; (r) Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) (i) in an unlimited amount, of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (or of any Person not previously a Restricted Subsidiary) after the date hereof and/or any other Indebtedness otherwise assumed in connection with an acquisition or any other Investment not prohibited hereunder, to the extent in the case of this clause (i), such Indebtedness was not incurred in contemplation of such acquisition or other Investment and such Indebtedness constitutes the obligations of only such newly acquired Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment not prohibited hereunder, in an aggregate principal amount for this clause (ii), not to exceed, at the time of the incurrence thereof, (A) the Fixed Incremental Amount (taking into account any amounts already incurred in reliance thereon) plus (B) an additional unlimited amount so long as after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto (x) in the case of Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien on the Collateral securing the Obligations, the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of (1) 5.00:1.00 and (2) the First Lien Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period, (y) in the case of Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the Collateral that ranks junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations, the Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of 5.25:1.00 and the Secured Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period and (z) in the case of Indebtedness that is unsecured or secured by assets 138 

that are not Collateral, either, at the Borrower s option, (X) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of 8.25:1.00 and the Total Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period or (Y) in the case of unsecured indebtedness, the Interest Coverage Ratio is no less than the lesser of 2:00:1.00 and the Interest Coverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period and (iii) incurred for any purpose not prohibited by this Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount for clause (iii), not to exceed an unlimited amount so long as after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto (x) in the case of Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien on the Collateral securing the Obligations, the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed 5.00:1.00 (or, to the extent such Indebtedness is incurred in connection with any acquisition or similar investment not prohibited by this Agreement, the greater of 5.00:1.00 and the First Lien Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period), (y) in the case of Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the Collateral that ranks junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations, the Secured Leverage Ratio does not 5.25:1.00 (or, to the extent such Indebtedness is incurred in connection with any acquisition or similar investment not prohibited by this Agreement, the greater of 5.25:1.00 and the Secured Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period) and (z) in the case of Indebtedness that is unsecured or secured by assets that are not Collateral, either, at the Borrower s option (X) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 8.25:1.00 (or, to the extent such Indebtedness is incurred in connection with any acquisition or similar investment not prohibited by this Agreement, the greater of 8.25:1.00 and the Total Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period) or (Y) in the case of unsecured indebtedness, the Interest Coverage Ratio is no less than 2:00:1.00 (or, to the extent such Indebtedness is incurred in connection with any acquisition or similar investment not prohibited by this Agreement, the lesser of 2.00:1.00 and the Interest Coverage Ratio at the end of the most recently ended Test Period); provided that, such Indebtedness incurred under clauses (ii) and (iii), (1) shall be subject only to the applicable Required Debt Terms and (2) any such Indebtedness of any Subsidiaries that are non-Loan Parties shall not exceed, in the aggregate at the time of incurrence thereof, the greater of (X) 200,000,000 and (Y) 35.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; (s) Indebtedness incurred by a Non-Loan Party, and guarantees thereof by any Non-Loan Party, (x) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed, at the time of the incurrence thereof, the greater of (i) 375,000,000 and (ii) 50.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period and (y) under working capital lines, lines of credit or overdraft facilities (to the extent such Indebtedness are not secured by assets constituting Collateral and are non-recourse to the Loan Parties) in the ordinary course of business; (t) Incremental Equivalent Debt; (u) additional Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed, at the time of the incurrence thereof, the greater of (x) 240,000,000 and (y) 40.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; (v) [reserved]; (w) (i) Indebtedness (in the form of senior secured, senior unsecured, senior subordinated, or subordinated notes or loans) incurred by the Borrower to the extent that 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds therefrom are, immediately after the receipt thereof, applied solely to the prepayment of Term Loans or the replacement of Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with Section 2.05(b)(iii); provided that (A) if such Indebtedness is secured on a junior basis to such Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, as applicable, or is unsecured, such Indebtedness shall not mature earlier than the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date with respect to the relevant Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, as applicable, being refinanced, (B) other than Inside Maturity Loans, such Indebtedness shall not mature prior to the Maturity Date of the Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, as applicable, being refinanced and, as of the date of the incurrence of such Indebtedness, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Indebtedness (other than revolving loans) shall not be shorter than that of then-remaining Term Loans being refinanced, (C) no Restricted Subsidiary is a borrower or guarantor with respect to such Indebtedness unless such Restricted Subsidiary is a Subsidiary Guarantor which shall have previously or substantially concurrently guaranteed the Obligations, (D) subject to clause (h) of the Collateral and 139 

Guarantee Requirement, such Indebtedness is not secured by any assets not securing the Obligations unless such assets substantially concurrently secure the Obligations, (E) the terms and conditions of such Indebtedness (excluding pricing, call protection, premiums and prepayment or redemption terms or covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the maturity date of the Loans being refinanced) shall be either, taken as a whole, no more favorable to the lenders providing such Indebtedness, in their capacity as such or, solely in the case such Indebtedness is refinancing the Term Loans, be on market terms at the time of the establishment of such Indebtedness (in each case, as reasonably determined by the Borrower) (except for (x) covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the latest maturity date of the relevant Loans being refinanced or (y) to the extent any more restrictive covenant or provision is added for the benefit of (A) with respect to any such Indebtedness incurred as term B loans, such covenant or provision is also added for the benefit of each Facility remaining outstanding after the incurrence or issuance of such Indebtedness or (B) with respect to any revolving facility or Customary Term A Loans, such covenant or provision (except to the extent only applicable after the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility) is also added for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Facility to the extent it remains outstanding after the incurrence of such Indebtedness; it being understood and agreed that in each such case, no consent of the Administrative Agent and/or any Lender shall be required in connection with adding such covenant or provision), and (F) such Indebtedness shall not be in a principal amount in excess of the amount of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, so refinanced except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other reasonable amounts paid and unused commitments, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing thereof; (x) Indebtedness with respect to any Qualified Securitization Financing; (y) Indebtedness in respect of Permitted Exchange Securities incurred pursuant to a Permitted Exchange in accordance with Section 2.17 and any Permitted Refinancing thereof; (z) any CCOH Preferred Stock and any Replacement CCOH Preferred Stock; (aa) [reserved]; and (bb) all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest, capitalized interest or interest otherwise payable in kind), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations described in the foregoing clauses of this Section 7.03. For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.03, in the event that an item of Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Indebtedness described above, the Borrower may classify and reclassify or later divide, classify or reclassify such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Indebtedness in one or more of the above clauses; provided that (i) all Indebtedness outstanding under the Loan Documents will be deemed to have been incurred in reliance only on the exception in clause (a) of this Section 7.03, (ii) all Indebtedness outstanding under the Senior Secured Notes will be deemed to have been incurred in reliance only on the exception in clause (b)(i) of this Section 7.03, (iii) all Indebtedness outstanding under the Stepped Up Notes will be deemed to have been incurred in reliance only on the exception in clause (b)(ii) of this Section 7.03 and (iv) all Indebtedness outstanding under the ABL Facility will be deemed to have been incurred in reliance only on the exception in clause (b)(iii) of this Section 7.03. The accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value and the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of this Section 7.03. SECTION 7.04 Fundamental Changes. Merge, amalgamate, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person (including, in each case, pursuant to a Delaware LLC Division), except that: 140 

(a) any Restricted Subsidiary other than the Borrower may merge or amalgamate with any one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries (provided that when any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party is merging or amalgamating with another Restricted Subsidiary, a Loan Party shall be a continuing or surviving Person, as applicable, or the resulting entity shall succeed as a matter of law to all of the Obligations of such Loan Party); (b) (i) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with or into any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, (ii) (A) any Restricted Subsidiary may liquidate, dissolve or wind up, and (B) any Restricted Subsidiary may change its legal form, in each case, if the Borrower determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and (iii) the Borrower may change its legal form if it determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and the Administrative Agent reasonably determines it is not disadvantageous to the Lenders; (c) any Restricted Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to another Restricted Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Loan Party, then either (x) the transferee must be a Loan Party or (y) to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment must be a permitted Investment in or Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in accordance with Section 7.02 and Section 7.03, respectively; (d) other than during the Liquidity Testing Period and so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, the Borrower may merge or amalgamate with any other Person or, assign all of the obligations hereunder to another Person; provided that (i) the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation or (ii) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger or consolidation is not the Borrower or in connection with any such assignment to another Person (any such Person under this clause (ii), the Successor Company ), (A) the Successor Company shall be an entity organized or existing under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (B) the Successor Company shall expressly assume all the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (C) the Successor Company shall cause such amendments, supplements or other instruments to be executed, delivered, filed and recorded (and deliver a copy of same to the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent) in such jurisdictions as may be required by applicable law to preserve and protect the Lien of the Collateral Agent on the Collateral owned by or transferred to the Successor Company, together with such financing statements as may be required to perfect any security interests in such Collateral which may be perfected by the filing of a financing statement under the UCC of the relevant states, (D) each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have confirmed that its Guaranty shall apply to the Successor Company s obligations under the Loan Documents, (E) each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have by a supplement to the Security Agreement and other applicable Collateral Documents confirmed that its obligations thereunder shall apply to the Successor Company s obligations under the Loan Documents, (F) the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information about the Successor Company that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act and (G) at the time of such merger or consolidation, shall be in pro forma compliance with the Financial Covenant; provided, further that if the foregoing are satisfied, the Successor Company will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Borrower under this Agreement; (e) so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, any Restricted Subsidiary may merge or amalgamate with any other Person in order to effect an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.02; provided that the continuing or surviving Person shall be a Restricted Subsidiary, which together with each of its Restricted Subsidiaries, shall have complied with the requirements of Section 6.10; 141 

(f) any Reorganization may be consummated; (g) so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, a merger, amalgamation, dissolution, winding up, liquidation, consolidation or Disposition, the purpose of which is to effect a Disposition permitted pursuant to Section 7.05, may be effected (other than pursuant to Section 7.05(e)); and (h) so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, a merger, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, in each case, by and among the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries, the purpose of which is to effect a Reorganization. SECTION 7.05 Dispositions. Make any Disposition, except: (a) Dispositions of obsolete, worn out or surplus property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business and Dispositions of property no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (b) Dispositions of inventory and immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business (including allowing any registrations or any applications for registration of any immaterial IP Rights to lapse or be abandoned in the ordinary course of business); (c) Dispositions of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property that is promptly purchased or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property (which replacement property is actually promptly purchased); (d) Dispositions of property to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party (i) the transferee thereof must be a Loan Party, (ii) to the extent such transaction constitutes an Investment, such transaction is permitted under Section 7.02, or (iii) such Disposition shall consist of the transfer of Equity Interests in or Indebtedness of any Foreign Subsidiary to any other Foreign Subsidiary; (e) Dispositions permitted (other than by reference to this Section 7.05(e)) by Section 7.04 and Section 7.06 and Liens permitted by Section 7.01; (f) Dispositions of Cash Equivalents; (g) leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses, in each case in the ordinary course of business and which do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (h) transfers of property subject to Casualty Events; (i) Dispositions of Investments in JV Entities or non-Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, customary buy/sell arrangements between the parties to such JV Entity or shareholders of such non-Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiaries set forth in the shareholder agreements, joint venture agreements, organizational documents or similar binding agreements relating to such JV Entity or non-Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary; (j) Dispositions of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business in connection with the collection or compromise thereof; (k) the unwinding of any Swap Contract pursuant to its terms; 142 

(l) Permitted Sale Leasebacks; (m) so long as no Event of Default would result therefrom, Dispositions not otherwise permitted pursuant to this Section 7.05 (including any Sale Leasebacks and the sale or issuance of Equity Interests in a Restricted Subsidiary); provided that (i) such Disposition shall be for fair market value as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith, (ii) with respect to any Disposition under this clause (m) for a purchase price in excess of the greater of (x) 60,000,000 and (y) 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, as reasonably determined by the Borrower at the time of such Disposition, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall receive not less than 75.0 of such consideration in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents for such Dispositions (provided, however, that for the purposes of this clause (m)(ii), the following shall be deemed to be cash: (A) the assumption by the transferee of Indebtedness or other liabilities contingent or otherwise of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and the valid release of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, by all applicable creditors in writing, from all liability on such Indebtedness or other liability in connection with such Disposition, (B) securities, notes or other obligations received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries from the transferee that are converted by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries into cash or Cash Equivalents within 180 days following the closing of such Disposition, (C) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such Disposition, to the extent that the Borrower and each of the other Restricted Subsidiaries are released from any Guarantee of payment of the Borrower in connection with such Disposition and (D) aggregate non-cash consideration received by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for all Dispositions under this clause (m) having an aggregate fair market value (determined as of the closing of the applicable Disposition for which such non-cash consideration is received) not to exceed the greater of (x) 150,000,000 and (y) 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding (net of any non-cash consideration converted into cash and Cash Equivalents received in respect of any such non-cash consideration) and (iii) the Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary complies with the applicable provisions of Section 2.05; (n) any Disposition not otherwise permitted pursuant to this Section 7.05 in an amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 45,000,000 and (y) 7.5 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; (o) the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may surrender or waive contractual rights and leases and settle or waive contractual or litigation claims in the ordinary course of business; (p) Dispositions of assets (including Equity Interests) acquired in connection with Permitted Acquisitions or other Investments permitted hereunder, which assets are obsolete or not used or useful to the core or principal business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or which Dispositions are made to obtain the approval of any applicable antitrust authority in connection with a Permitted Acquisition; (q) any swap of assets in exchange for services or other assets of comparable or greater fair market value useful to the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as a whole, as determined in good faith by the Borrower; (r) any sale of Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness or other securities of, an Unrestricted Subsidiary; (s) Dispositions of Securitization Assets or Receivables Assets, or participations therein, in connection with any Qualified Securitization Financing or the disposition of an account receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; (t) Dispositions conducted in connection with any Reorganization; 143 

(u) [reserved]; (v) Dispositions conducted in connection with a REIT Conversion Transaction for so long as the Borrower (or its applicable parent entity) is pursuing a REIT Election in good faith and the REIT Conversion Transaction Requirement has been satisfied; and (w) any Disposition by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Equity Interests of, or indebtedness owned by, a Foreign Subsidiary to any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to a Reorganization. To the extent any Collateral is Disposed of as expressly permitted by this Section 7.05 to any Person other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, upon the certification by the Borrower that such Disposition is permitted by this Agreement, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be authorized to take and shall take any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing. SECTION 7.06 Restricted Payments. Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except: (a) [reserved]; (b) (i) the Borrower may redeem in whole or in part any of its (or a parent entity s) Equity Interests for another class of its Equity Interests or rights to acquire its Equity Interests or with proceeds from substantially concurrent equity contributions or issuances of new Equity Interests, provided that any terms and provisions material to the interests of the Lenders, when taken as a whole, contained in such other class of Equity Interests are at least as advantageous to the Lenders as those contained in the Equity Interests redeemed thereby and (ii) the Borrower may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in Qualified Equity Interests; (c) [reserved]; (d) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into and consummate transactions expressly permitted (other than by reference to Section 7.06) by any provision of Section 7.02, or Section 7.04; (e) repurchases of Equity Interests in the ordinary course of business in the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants; (f) The Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may, in good faith, pay (or any Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to the Borrower to allow the Borrower to pay) for the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Equity Interests of it or of the Borrower held by any future, present or former employee, director, manager, officer or consultant (or any Affiliates, spouses, former spouses, other immediate family members, successors, executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributees of any of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any employee, management, director or manager equity plan, employee, management, director or manager stock option plan or any other employee, management, director or manager benefit plan or any agreement (including any stock subscription or shareholder agreement) with any employee, director, manager, officer or consultant of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that such payments do not exceed at the time made the greater of (x) 45 million and (y) 7.50 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period) in any calendar year; provided that any unused portion of the preceding basket for any calendar year may be carried forward to the next succeeding calendar year, so long as the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made pursuant to this Section 7.06(f) in any calendar year (after giving effect to such carry forward) shall not exceed at the time made the greater of (x) 75 million and (y) 12.5 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the 144 

last day of the most recently ended Test Period; provided, further that cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from members of management of the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with a repurchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower will not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this covenant or any other provision of this Agreement; (g) The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments to any parent entity (or, in the case of clauses (viii) and (ix), to any Person): (i) for any taxable period for which the Borrower (or applicable parent entity) is not intended to be treated as a REIT and is a member of a consolidated, combined or similar income tax group (including if the Borrower is an entity disregarded as separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes) of which any parent entity is the common parent (or a disregarded entity, partnership or other pass-through entity that is wholly-owned (directly or indirectly) by such a tax group), to pay the consolidated, combined or similar income tax liability of such tax group that is attributable to the income of the Borrower and/or its applicable Subsidiaries included in such group that the Borrower or Subsidiaries have not otherwise paid; provided that (x) no such payments shall exceed the amount of such taxes that the Borrower and/or applicable Subsidiaries would have paid had such entity(ies) been a stand-alone corporate taxpayer (or stand-alone corporate group) for all taxing years ending after the date of this Agreement (less any amount in respect thereof actually paid by such Persons directly), and (y) any such payments attributable to an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be limited to the amount of any cash paid by such Unrestricted Subsidiary to the Borrower or any of its respective Restricted Subsidiaries for such purpose; (ii) the proceeds of which shall be used to pay such equity holder s operating costs and expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business, other overhead costs and expenses and fees (including (v) administrative, legal, accounting and similar expenses provided by third parties, (w) trustee, directors, managers and general partner fees, (x) any judgments, settlements, penalties, fines or other costs and expenses in respect of any claim, litigation or proceeding, (y) fees and expenses (including any underwriters discounts and commissions) related to any investment or acquisition transaction (whether or not successful) and (z) payments in respect of indebtedness and equity securities of any direct or indirect holder of Equity Interests in the Borrower to the extent the proceeds are used or will be used to pay expenses or other obligations described in this Section 7.06(g)) which are reasonable and customary and incurred in the ordinary course of business and attributable to the ownership or operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including any reasonable and customary indemnification claims made by directors, managers or officers of the Borrower attributable to the direct or indirect ownership or operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) and fees and expenses otherwise due and payable by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and permitted to be paid by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary under this Agreement; (iii) the proceeds of which shall be used to pay franchise and excise taxes, and other fees and expenses, required to maintain its organizational existence; (iv) to finance any Investment permitted to be made pursuant to Section 7.02; provided that (A) such Restricted Payment shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (B) the Borrower shall, immediately following the closing thereof, cause (1) all property acquired (whether assets or Equity Interests) to be held by or contributed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or (2) the merger (to the extent permitted in Section 7.04) of the Person formed or acquired into it or a Restricted Subsidiary in order to consummate such Permitted Acquisition, in each case, in accordance with the requirements of Section 6.10; 145 

(v) the proceeds of which shall be used to pay customary costs, fees and expenses (other than to Affiliates) related to any unsuccessful equity or debt offering permitted by this Agreement; (vi) the proceeds of which shall be used to pay customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to officers and employees of the Borrower to the extent such salaries, bonuses and other benefits are attributable to the ownership or operation of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (vii) Public Company Costs; (viii) for so long as the Borrower (or its applicable parent entity) is pursuing a REIT Election in good faith and the REIT Conversion Transaction Requirement is satisfied giving effect to such Restricted Payments, make dividends and distributions, whether in cash or in kind, to its shareholders in the amount required (as determined in good faith by the Borrower or applicable parent entity) in order to qualify the Borrower (or the applicable parent entity) as a REIT and effect the distribution of the Borrower s (or the applicable parent entity s) earnings and profits in connection with or in anticipation of the Borrower s (or the applicable parent entity s) REIT Election, including, for the avoidance of doubt, cash dividends or distributions to satisfy the requirements of Section 857(a)(2)(B) of the Code, or any successor provision, and any subsequent true-up payments to correct for recalculation of the appropriate amount; and (ix) following the REIT Election, with respect to any taxable year for which the Borrower (or any parent entity) is intended to be treated as a REIT, subject to no resulting Specified Event of Default, notwithstanding any other limitation under this Agreement (except as set forth in this clause (ix)) Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount equal to (x) the taxable income of the Borrower (or the applicable parent entity) as determined for purposes of Section 857 of the Code, or applicable successor provision and (ii) any additional amounts as may be necessary for the Borrower (or the applicable parent entity) to (A) qualify and remain qualified for taxation as a REIT under U.S. federal income (and, as applicable, any comparable version of state, local, and non-U.S.) Tax law and/or (B) avoid entity level income Tax or excise Tax (or any penalty or addition to tax) (for the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph (ix) shall permit the Borrower (or the applicable parent entity) to make cash distributions of 100 of its real estate investment trust table income, as defined under Section 857(b)(2) of the Code); (h) The Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may pay any dividend or distribution within 60 days after the date of declaration thereof, if at the date of declaration such payment would have complied with the provisions of this Agreement (it being understood that a distribution pursuant to this Section 7.06(h) shall be deemed to have utilized capacity under such other provision of this Agreement); (i) The Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may (a) pay cash in lieu of fractional Equity Interests in connection with any dividend, split or combination thereof or any Permitted Acquisition and (b) honor any conversion request by a holder of convertible Indebtedness and make cash payments in lieu of fractional shares in connection with any such conversion and may make payments on convertible Indebtedness in accordance with its terms; (j) The Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may make additional Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed at the time made the greater of (i) 215,000,000 and (ii) 35.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, minus (A) the amount of Investments made pursuant to Section 7.02(t)(iii); (k) The Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may make additional Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed the Available Amount; provided that at the time of any such Restricted Payment, with respect to any Restricted Payment made utilizing amounts specified in clauses (a) 146 

and (b) of the definition of Available Amount, no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and the Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period, on a Pro Forma Basis, would be no less than 2.00:1.00; (l) (i) any Restricted Payment by the Borrower to pay listing fees and other costs and expenses attributable to being a publicly traded company which are reasonable and customary and (ii) Restricted Payments not to exceed at the time made 6.00 per annum of the Market Capitalization of the Borrower; (m) The Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may make additional Restricted Payments; provided that, at the time of such Restricted Payment, the Total Leverage Ratio as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period, on a Pro Forma Basis, would be no greater than 6.50:1.00 and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; (n) the distribution, by dividend or otherwise, of Equity Interests of an Unrestricted Subsidiary or Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, provided that in each case the principal assets of such Unrestricted Subsidiary are not cash and Cash Equivalents received as Investments from the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries; (o) The Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may pay any dividend or distribution on any Disqualified Equity Interests incurred in accordance with Section 7.03(h); (p) payments made or expected to be made in respect of withholding or similar Taxes payable by any future, present or former employee, director, manager or consultant and any repurchases of Equity Interests in consideration of such payments including deemed repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock options or warrants and the vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock units; (q) distributions or payments of Securitization Fees, sales contributions and other transfers of Securitization Assets or Receivables Assets and purchases of Securitization Assets or Receivables Assets pursuant to a Securitization Repurchase Obligation, in each case in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing; (r) distributions or payments by dividend or otherwise, among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with a Reorganization; (s) any Restricted Payment made in connection with paying dividends (in cash or additional shares) and any accrued unpaid interest or premium thereon with respect to (i) the CCOH Preferred Stock or (ii) any preferred stock with an aggregate liquidation preference or equivalent amount not exceeding that of the CCOH Preferred Stock issued as a replacement therefor so long as the terms of such securities are not materially adverse to the Lenders, in their capacity as such, taken as whole, as compared to the terms of the CCOH Preferred Stock that is being replaced (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) (the Replacement CCOH Preferred Stock and (t) any Restricted Payment to any holder of the CCOH Preferred Stock paying (x) for the repayment, repurchase, redemption, defeasance, or otherwise acquire or retire for value of all or any portion of the CCOH Preferred Stock or any Replacement CCOH Preferred Stock; provided that the aggregate amount paid in accordance with this clause (x) shall not exceed 45,000,000 plus (y) accrued and unpaid interest or premium thereon to the redemption date thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, dividends, premiums (including tender premiums), defeasance costs, underwriting discounts, fees, costs and expenses (including original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees) related thereto. For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.06, in the event that a Restricted Payment meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Restricted Payments described above, the Borrower shall, in its sole discretion, classify or divide such Restricted Payment (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this covenant and may later divide and reclassify any Restricted Payment (or any portion thereof) so 147 

long as the Restricted Payment (as so divided and/or reclassified) would be permitted to be made in reliance on the applicable exception or exceptions as of the date of such reclassification. SECTION 7.07 Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrower (other than any transaction having a fair market value not in excess of the greater of (x) 60,000,000 and (y) 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period in a single transaction), whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than: (a) transactions between or among the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction; (b) transactions on terms not less favorable to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate; (c) any Reorganization and the payment of fees and expenses related to any Reorganization; (d) the issuance of Equity Interests to any officer, director, manager, employee or consultant of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any parent entity in connection with the Transactions; (e) any transaction with a Securitization Subsidiary effected as part of a Qualified Securitization Financing, any disposition or repurchase of Securitization Assets, Receivables Assets or related assets in connection with any Qualified Securitization Financing; (f) equity issuances, repurchases, redemptions, retirements or other acquisitions or retirements of Equity Interests by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries permitted under Section 7.06; (g) loans and other transactions by and among the Borrower and/or one or more Subsidiaries to the extent permitted under this Article VII; (h) employment and severance arrangements between the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees in the ordinary course of business and transactions pursuant to stock option plans and employee benefit plans and arrangements; (i) without duplication, payments by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to any tax sharing agreements among the Borrower, any parent entity and its Restricted Subsidiaries on customary terms to the extent attributable to the ownership or operation of the Restricted Subsidiaries; (j) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out of pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, directors, managers, officers, employees and consultants of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or any parent entity in the ordinary course of business to the extent attributable to the ownership or operation of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (k) transactions pursuant to agreements in existence on a Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.07 or any amendment thereto to the extent such an amendment is not adverse to the Lenders in any material respect; (l) dividends and other distributions permitted under Section 7.06 and/or Investments permitted under Section 7.02 (in each case, other than by reference to this Section 7.07); (m) transactions with the Parent and/or its subsidiaries in the normal or ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 148 

(n) transactions entered into by an Unrestricted Subsidiary with an Affiliate prior to the redesignation of any such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.13; provided that such transactions were not entered into in contemplation of such redesignation; (o) [reserved]; (p) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint ventures, purchasers or sellers of goods or services or providers of employees or other labor entered into in the ordinary course of business, which are fair to the Borrower and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith determination of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Borrower or the senior management thereof, or are on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party; (q) the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses related to registration rights and customary indemnities provided to shareholders under any shareholder agreement; (r) any intercompany loans made by the Borrower to any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that all such intercompany loans of any Loan Party owed to any Person that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to the subordination terms set forth in Section 3.02 of the Guaranty (but only to the extent permitted by applicable law and not giving rise to material adverse tax consequences); (s) any issuance, sale or grant of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of employment arrangements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Borrower or any parent entity of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; (t) (i) any collective bargaining, employment or severance agreement or compensatory (including profit sharing) arrangement entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with their respective current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors, (ii) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Equity Interests pursuant to put/call rights or similar rights with current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors and (iii) transactions pursuant to any employee compensation, benefit plan, stock option plan or arrangement, any health, disability or similar insurance plan which covers current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or any employment contract or arrangement; and (u) any transaction in respect of which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter addressed to the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Borrower from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm of nationally recognized standing stating that such transaction is on terms that are no less favorable to the Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary than might be obtained at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate. SECTION 7.08 Prepayments, Etc., of Indebtedness. (a) Optionally prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner prior to the date that is one year prior to the scheduled maturity date thereof any Junior Debt with an outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (it being understood that payments of regularly scheduled interest and AHYDO payments under any such Junior Debt Documents shall not be prohibited by this clause), except for (i) the refinancing thereof with the Net Cash Proceeds of any Equity Interest (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) or Indebtedness (to the extent such Indebtedness constitutes a Permitted Refinancing), (ii) the conversion thereof to Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of the Borrower or any parent entity, (iii) prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments thereof prior to their scheduled maturity in an 149 

aggregate amount at the time made not to exceed (A)(1) the greater of, at the time made, (x) 215,00,000 and (y) 35.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period minus (2) the amount of Investments made pursuant to Section 7.02(t)(ii) plus (B) the Available Amount (provided that, at the time of any such payment, with respect to any prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments made utilizing amounts specified in clauses (a) and (b) of the definition of Available Amount, no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and the Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period, on a Pro Forma Basis, would be no less than 2.00:1.00), (iv) other prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments thereof prior to their scheduled maturity (provided that, at the time of such prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances or other payments, (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) the Total Leverage Ratio as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period, on a Pro Forma Basis, would be no greater than 6.75:1.00), (v) other prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments thereof prior to their scheduled maturity as part of an applicable high yield discount obligation catch-up payment, (vi) other prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments thereof prior to their scheduled maturity in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of cash contributions made after the Closing Date to the Borrower in exchange for Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower, except to the extent utilized in connection with any other transaction permitted by Section 7.02, Section 7.03 or Section 7.06, and except to the extent such cash contributions increase the Available Amount, constitute a Cure Amount or Cure Amount (as defined in the ABL Facility) and (vii) other prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments thereof prior to their scheduled maturity with respect to intercompany Indebtedness among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries permitted under Section 7.03, subject to the subordination provisions applicable thereto. (b) Amend, modify or change in any manner materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders, taken as a whole, in their capacity as such, any term or condition of any Junior Debt Documents without the consent of the Required Lenders (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and excluding any such amendment or modification that would not be prohibited under the definition of Permitted Refinancing with respect to such Junior Debt. For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.08, in the event that a prepayment, redemption, purchase or other satisfaction of Junior Debt meets the criteria of more than one of the categories described above, the Borrower shall, in its sole discretion, classify or divide such prepayment, redemption, purchase or other satisfaction of Junior Debt (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this covenant and may later divide and reclassify any prepayment, redemption, purchase or other satisfaction of Junior Debt (or any portion thereof) so long as the prepayment, redemption, purchase or other satisfaction of Junior Debt (as so divided and/or reclassified) would be permitted to be made in reliance on the applicable exception or exceptions as of the date of such reclassification. SECTION 7.09 Financial Covenants. (a) First Lien Leverage Ratio. Except with the written consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, the Borrower will not permit the First Lien Leverage Ratio of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the last day of a Test Period (commencing with the Test Period ending on or about December 31, 2019 but excluding any Test Period ending during the Relief Period) to exceed (a) prior to the Step-Down Date, 7.60:1.00 and (b) from the Step-Down Date, 7.10:1.00 (this clause (a) being referred to herein as the Financial Covenant provided that the provisions of this Section 7.09(a) shall not be applicable to any such Test Period if on the last day of such Test Period (x) to the extent the Total Leverage Ratio is greater than 6.50:1.00, the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Loans, Swingline Loans and/or L/C Exposure (excluding up to 10,000,000 of undrawn Letters of Credit and other Letters of Credit which have been Cash Collateralized or Backstopped) does not exceed 0 or (y) to the extent the Total Leverage Ratio is equal to or less than 6.50:1.00, the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Loans, Swingline Loans and/or L/C Exposure (excluding up to 10,000,000 of undrawn Letters of Credit and other Letters of Credit which have been Cash Collateralized or Backstopped) does not exceed 35 of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments. 150 

(b) Liquidity. (i) Except with the written consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, the Borrower will not permit Liquidity as of the last day of any calendar month ending during the Liquidity Testing Period to be less than 150,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) within fifteen (15) calendar days of the end of each calendar month ending during the Liquidity Testing Period, a certificate in the form of Exhibit N hereto (the Minimum Liquidity Certificate ), executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating Liquidity as of the last day of such calendar month and compliance with the Liquidity Covenant and (y) within twenty-two (22) calendar days of the end of each calendar month ending during the Liquidity Testing Period, a thirteen-week liquidity forecast in a form agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; provided that, if, after the Borrower delivers any Minimum Liquidity Certificate to the Administrative Agent demonstrating Liquidity of less than 250,000,000, then until the Borrower delivers a Minimum Liquidity Certificate demonstrating Liquidity of at least 250,000,000, the Borrower shall, at the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, furnish to the Administrative Agent (on not more than a weekly basis) a certificate setting forth Liquidity as determined by the Borrower in its reasonable judgment. (c) Specified Events. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in the Loan Documents, during the Liquidity Testing Period, (x) the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, take any of the actions that are a Specified Event and (y) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing promptly following the occurrence of any Specified Event. For purposes of this Section 7.09: Relief Period means the period from the first day of the first full fiscal quarter ended after the First Amendment Effective Date and ending on (but not including) the Relief Period Termination Date. Relief Period Termination Date means the earlier of (i) the last day of the fiscal quarter ending on or about March 31, 2022 and (ii) the date of occurrence of any Specified Event. Specified Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) the Borrower shall, or any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries shall, optionally prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof any Junior Debt in reliance on Section 7.08(a)(iii) or (iv) and the Borrower shall not have delivered a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that, after giving effect thereto, Liquidity shall be at least 250,000,000; (b) the Borrower shall, or any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries shall, make any Restricted Payment in reliance on Section 7.06(f) (in amounts in any calendar year greater than the greater of (x) 25.0 million and (y) 4.20 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period), (g)(iv), (j), (k), (l), (m), (n) or (o); (c) the Borrower shall make a REIT Election; or (d) the Borrower shall, or any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries shall, repay, prepay, redeem, repurchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof any unsecured or junior lien third party indebtedness for borrowed money (including the Stepped Up Notes and the 2020 CCIBV Note) from cash on hand or the proceeds of any Revolving Credit Loans or Revolving Credit Loans (as defined in and under the ABL Credit Agreement) and the Borrower shall not have delivered a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that, after giving effect thereto, Liquidity shall be at least 250,000,000. SECTION 7.10 Amendments or Waivers of Organizational Documents. Except in connection with a transaction permitted by Section 7.04, the Borrower shall not agree to any material amendment, restatement, supplement or other modification to, or waiver of its Organization Documents, in each case in a manner that has a material adverse effect on the Lenders (taken as a whole), in their capacity as such, in each case after the Closing 151 

Date without in each case obtaining the prior written consent of Required Lenders to such amendment, restatement, supplement or other modification or waiver. SECTION 7.11 Restrictions on Subsidiaries Distributions. The Borrower shall not, nor shall the Borrower permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document) that limits the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Guarantor to make Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Guarantor or to make or repay intercompany loans and advances to the Borrower or any Guarantor; provided that this Section 7.11 shall not apply to Contractual Obligations which (i)(x) exist on a Closing Date and are listed on Schedule 7.11 hereto and (y) are set forth in any agreement evidencing any permitted modification, replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing of such Indebtedness so long as such modification, replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing does not expand the scope of such Contractual Obligation, (ii) are binding on a Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary first becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, so long as such Contractual Obligations were not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided, further, that this clause (ii) shall not apply to Contractual Obligations that are binding on a Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.13, (iii) represent Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower which is permitted by Section 7.03, (iv) arise in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 and relate solely to the assets or Person subject to such Disposition or (v) are customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures permitted under Section 7.02 and applicable solely to such joint venture entered into in the ordinary course of business. ARTICLE VIII Events of Default and Remedies SECTION 8.01 Events of Default. Any of the following events referred to in any of clauses (a) through (k) inclusive of this Section 8.01 shall constitute an Event of Default : (a) Non-Payment. Any Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan, (ii) within three (3) Business Days of when required to be paid herein, any amount required to be reimbursed to an L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) or (iii) within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or any other amount payable hereunder or with respect to any other Loan Document; or (b) Specific Covenants. The Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in (i) any of Section 6.03(a)(i) or Section 6.04 (as it relates to the Borrower), Article VII (other than Section 7.09) or (ii) Section 7.09; provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default under Section 7.09(a) shall be deemed to have occurred until the date that is fifteen (15) Business Days after the date the financials for the relevant fiscal quarter are required to be delivered hereunder if the Borrower then has a Cure Right under Section 8.05(a) (c) with respect to the applicable breach and has delivered notice thereof, (ii) any Event of Default under Section 7.09(a) shall be subject to cure pursuant to Section 8.05(a) (c), (iii) no Default or Event of Default under Section 7.09(b)(i) shall be deemed to have occurred until the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the date on which the Minimum Liquidity Certificate is required to be delivered for the relevant fiscal month if the Borrower then has a cure right under Section 8.05(d) with respect to the applicable breach and (iv) any Event of Default under Section 7.09(b)(i) shall be subject to cure pursuant to Section 8.05(d); provided further that, with respect to any Default or Event of Default under Section 7.09(a) or (b)(i) subject to cure, during the period commencing on the date such financials are required to be delivered in the case of Section 7.09(a) or the date such Minimum Liquidity Certificate is required to be delivered for the relevant fiscal month, until the earlier of the exercise of the relevant cure right and the expiration of the relevant cure period, (x) the Lenders shall not be required to make any Credit Extension and (y) no action hereunder, the taking of which is subject to no Default or Event of Default having occurred or be continuing, shall be permitted) and (v) no Default or Event of Default under Section 7.09 shall constitute a Default or an Event of Default with respect to any Loans or Commitments hereunder, other than the Revolving Credit Loans and the Revolving Credit Commitments, until the date on which all Loans under each Revolving Credit Facility 152 

have been accelerated and all Revolving Credit Commitments have been terminated as a result of such breach, in each case, by the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, and the Required Revolving Credit Lenders have not rescinded such acceleration; or (c) Other Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days after receipt by the Borrower of written notice thereof by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; or (d) Representations and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document required to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made and such incorrect or misleading representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact, if capable of being cured, remains so incorrect or misleading for thirty (30) days after receipt by the Borrower of written notice thereof by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; or (e) Cross-Default. Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder) with an outstanding principal amount (or, in the case of a Swap Contract, Swap Termination Value) of not less than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness with an outstanding principal amount (or, in the case of a Swap Contract, Swap Termination Value) of not less than the Threshold Amount, or any other event occurs (other than (i) with respect to such Indebtedness consisting of Swap Contracts, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of such Swap Contracts and (ii) any event requiring prepayment pursuant to customary asset sale provisions), the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, all such Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem all such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity; provided that this clause (e)(B) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due (or requires an offer to purchase) as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and under the documents providing for such Indebtedness; provided, further that any failure described under clause (i) or (ii) above is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness prior to any termination of the commitments or acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Article VIII; provided, further that no event described in this Section 8.01(e) arising from any financial covenant breach under the ABL Facility shall constitute an Event of Default unless the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) has caused, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem all such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity; or (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, administrative receiver or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, administrative receiver or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days; or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 153 

(g) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty (60) days after its issue or levy; or (h) Judgments. There is entered against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary a final judgment or order for the payment of money with an individual amount exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third party insurance) and such judgment or order shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days; or (i) Invalidity. Any material provision of any Guarantee or any Collateral Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder (including as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or Section 7.05) or as a result of acts or omissions by the Administrative Agent or the satisfaction in full of all the Loan Obligations and termination of the Aggregate Commitments, ceases to be in full force and effect or in the case of any Collateral Document, ceases to create a valid lien on the Collateral covered thereby; or any Loan Party contests in writing the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Guarantee or any Collateral Document (other than in an informational notice delivered to the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent); or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Guarantee or any Collateral Document (other than as a result of repayment in full of the Loan Obligations, termination of the Aggregate Commitments or release of the applicable Guarantee), or purports in writing to revoke or rescind any Guarantee or any Collateral Document, except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or priority results from (x) the failure of the Collateral Agent to maintain possession of certificates or other possessory collateral actually delivered to it representing securities or other collateral pledged under the Collateral Documents or the Collateral Agent s failure to file or maintain any filings required for perfection (including the filing of UCC financing statement or continuations, filings regarding IP rights or similar filings) and/or (y) a release of any Guarantee or Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof and, except as to Collateral consisting of Material Real Property to the extent that such losses are covered by a lender s title insurance policy and such insurer has not denied or disclaimed in writing that such losses are covered by such title insurance policy; (j) Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control; or (k) ERISA. (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate under Title IV of ERISA in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its Withdrawal Liability under ERISA and the Code under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate shall have been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan is being terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, and as a result of such termination the aggregate annual contributions of the Loan Parties and the ERISA Affiliates to all Multiemployer Plans that are then being terminated have been or will be increased over the amounts contributed to such Multiemployer Plans for the plan years of such Multiemployer Plans immediately preceding the plan year in which such termination occurs by an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or (iv) a termination, withdrawal or noncompliance with applicable law or plan terms or other event similar to an ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Foreign Plan that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. With respect to any Default or Event of Default, the words exists, is continuing or similar expressions with respect thereto shall mean that the Default or Event of Default has occurred and has not yet been cured or waived. If, prior to the taking of any action under Section 8.02 (or the occurrence of any event set forth in the proviso thereto), any Default or Event of Default occurs due to (i) the failure by any Loan Party to take any action 154 

(including any action by a specified time), such Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have been cured at the time, if any, that the applicable Loan Party takes such action or (ii) the taking of any action by any Loan Party that is not then permitted by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, such Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to be cured on the date on which such action is unwound (in each case giving effect to any amendments or waivers under Section 10.01; provided that, subject in all respects to subsection (iv) of the immediately succeeding paragraph, an Event of Default resulting from the failure to deliver a notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall cease to exist and be cured in all respects if the Default or Event of Default giving rise to such notice requirement shall have ceased to exist and/or be cured (including pursuant to this paragraph). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 8.01, an Event of Default (the Initial Default may not be cured pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph: (i) if the taking of any action by any Loan Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not permitted during, and as a result of, the continuance of such Initial Default directly results in the cure of such Initial Default and the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary had actual knowledge at the time of taking any such action that was not permitted that the Initial Default had occurred and was continuing; (ii) in the case of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(i) that directly results in material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Lenders and Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents and that is incapable of being cured; (iii) in the case of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(c) arising due to the failure to perform or observe Section 6.06 that directly results in a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their respective payment obligations under any Loan Document to which the Borrower or any of the other Loan Parties is a party; (iv) in the case of an Initial Default for which (i) the Borrower failed to give notice to the Administrative Agent of such Initial Default in accordance with Section 6.03(a) of this Agreement and (ii) the Borrower had actual knowledge of such failure to give such notice; or (v) if the Initial Default had a material adverse effect on the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such. SECTION 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing (subject, in the case of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(b)(ii), to the proviso thereto and the Cure Right set forth in Section 8.05 and the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of, and shall, at the request of, the Required Lenders, shall take any or all of the following actions: (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; (c) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize or Backstop the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and (d) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or applicable Law; 155 

provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Sections 8.01(f) or (g) with respect to the Borrower, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize or Backstop the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. SECTION 8.03 Exclusion of Immaterial Subsidiaries. Solely for the purpose of determining whether a Default has occurred under clause (f) or (g) of Section 8.01, any reference in any such clause to any Restricted Subsidiary or Loan Party shall be deemed not to include any Subsidiary that is an Immaterial Subsidiary or at such time could, upon designation by the Borrower, become an Immaterial Subsidiary affected by any event or circumstances referred to in any such clause unless the Consolidated Total Assets of such Subsidiary together with the Consolidated Total Assets of all other Subsidiaries affected by such event or circumstance referred to in such clause, shall exceed 5 of the Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. SECTION 8.04 Application of Funds. If the circumstances described in Section 2.12(g) have occurred, or after the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized or Backstopped as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), including in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent, subject to any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement then in effect, in the following order: First, to payment of that portion of the Loan Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (other than principal and interest, but including Attorney Costs payable under Section 10.04 and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent in its capacity as such; Second, to payment of that portion of the Loan Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including Attorney Costs payable under Section 10.04 and amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; Third, to payment of that portion of the Loan Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest (including, but not limited to, post-petition interest), ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; Fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal, Unreimbursed Amounts or face amounts of the Loans, L/C Borrowings and Obligations arising under Secured Hedge Agreements, Cash Management Obligations and for the account of the L/C Issuers, to Cash Collateralize or Backstop that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit, ratably among the Secured Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; Fifth, to the payment of all other Obligations that are due and payable to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties on such date, ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties on such date; and Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. Subject to Section 2.03(c), amounts used to Cash Collateralize or Backstop the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fourth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit 156 

have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above and, if no Obligations remain outstanding, to the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) amounts received from the Borrower or any Guarantor that is not a Eligible Contract Participant (as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act) shall not be applied to the obligations that are Excluded Swap Obligations (it being understood, that in the event that any amount is applied to Obligations other than Excluded Swap Obligations as a result of this clause (a), to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Administrative Agent shall make such adjustments as it determines are appropriate to distributions pursuant to clause Fourth above from amounts received from Eligible Contract Participants to ensure, as nearly as possible, that the proportional aggregate recoveries with respect to obligations described in clause Fourth above by the holders of any Excluded Swap Obligations are the same as the proportional aggregate recoveries with respect to other obligations pursuant to clause Fourth above) and (b) Cash Management Obligations and Secured Hedge Agreements shall be excluded from the application described above if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as applicable. Each Cash Management Bank and Hedge Bank not a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX hereof for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto. SECTION 8.05 Right to Cure. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 8.01(b), in the event that the Borrower fails to comply with the Financial Covenant, from the last day of the Test Period until the expiration of the fifteenth Business Day after the date on which financial statements with respect to the Test Period in which such covenant is being measured are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01, the Borrower may designate any direct equity investment in the Borrower in cash in the form of common Equity Interests (or other Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) made during the Test Period until the end of such time period as a Cure Amount (the Cure Right ), and upon the receipt by the Borrower of net cash proceeds corresponding to the exercise of the Cure Right (the Cure Amount ), the Financial Covenant shall be recalculated, giving effect to a pro forma increase to Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period in an amount equal to such Cure Amount; provided that (x) such pro forma adjustment to Consolidated EBITDA shall be given solely for the purpose of determining the existence of a Default or an Event of Default under the Financial Covenant with respect to any Test Period that includes the fiscal quarter for which such Cure Right was exercised and not for any other purpose under any Loan Document (including, without limitation, for purposes of determining pricing, mandatory prepayments and the availability or amount permitted pursuant to any covenant under Article VII) for the quarter with respect to which such Cure Right was exercised and (y) there shall be no reduction in Indebtedness in connection with any Cure Amounts for determining compliance with Section 7.09(a) and no Cure Amounts will reduce (or count towards) the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio or the Total Leverage Ratio for purposes of any calculation thereof, in each case, for the fiscal quarter with respect to which such Cure Right was exercised, except that with respect to fiscal quarters thereafter, such reduction may apply but only to the extent the proceeds are actually applied to prepay Indebtedness pursuant to Section 2.05(a). (b) If, after the exercise of the Cure Right and the recalculations pursuant to clause (a) above, the Borrower shall then be in compliance with the requirements of the Financial Covenant during such Test Period (including for purposes of Section 4.02), the Borrower shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of the Financial Covenant as of the relevant date of determination with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable Default or Event of Default under Section 8.01 that had occurred shall be deemed cured; provided that (i) the Cure Right may be exercised on no more than five (5) occasions, (ii) in each four (4) consecutive fiscal quarter period, there shall be at least two fiscal quarters in respect of which no Cure Right is exercised and (iii) with respect to any exercise of the Cure Right, the Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount required to cause the Borrower to be in compliance with the Financial Covenant. (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, following the delivery by the Borrower of a written notice to the Administrative Agent of its intent to exercise the Cure Right (x) the Lenders shall not be permitted to exercise any rights then available as a result of an Event of Default under this Article VIII 157 

on the basis of a breach of the Financial Covenant so as to enable the consummation of the Cure Right as permitted under this Section 8.05 and (y) the Lenders shall not be required to make any Credit Extension and the L/C Issuers shall not be required to make any L/C Credit Extension unless and until the Borrower has received the Cure Amount required to cause the Borrower to be in compliance with the Financial Covenant. (d) In the event the Borrower fails to comply with the Liquidity Covenant as of the last day of any calendar month (the date on which the Minimum Liquidity Certificate is required to be delivered for the relevant fiscal month, the Liquidity Covenant Trigger Date ), any direct equity investment in the Borrower in cash in the form of common Equity Interests (or other Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) made during the period commencing on the Liquidity Covenant Trigger Date and through and including the tenth (10th) Business Day immediately following the Liquidity Covenant Trigger Date (the Liquidity Cure Period will be included in the calculation of Liquidity for purposes of determining compliance with the Liquidity Covenant for the applicable calendar month to the extent (i) such amount is held in cash in an amount not less than the amount necessary to cause the Borrower to be in compliance with Section 7.09(b)(i) after giving effect thereto and (ii) such amount is designated as a Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution by notice in writing to the Administrative Agent (any such equity contribution so designated and included in the calculation of Liquidity, a Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution ). Upon receipt and designation by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of the applicable Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution, (i) the breach of the Liquidity Covenant shall be deemed retroactively cured with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply with the Liquidity Covenant, (ii) any Default or Event of Default arising as a result of a breach of Section 7.09(b)(i) shall be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (iii) none of the Administrative Agent nor any Revolving Credit Lender may exercise any rights or remedies (including any rights or remedies under this Agreement (including under Section 8.01) or any other Loan Document or with respect to acceleration of the Loans, termination of Commitments, the imposition of cash interest at the Default Rate or otherwise) on the basis of any actual or purported Default or Event of Default arising as a result of a breach of Section 7.09(b)(i) until and unless, by 11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of the expiration of the Liquidity Cure Period, the Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution shall not have been so received and designated. It is agreed that (i) the amount of any Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution shall constitute a Cure Amount for all purposes under this Agreement other than for purposes of clauses (a)-(c) of this Section 8.05, (ii) no Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution shall constitute the exercise of a Cure Right for purposes of clauses (a)-(c) of this Section 8.05, and no exercise of a Cure Right shall constitute a Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution for purposes of Section 7.09(b)(i) and (iii) notwithstanding anything contained in Section 7.09 or in this Section 8.05 to the contrary, no Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution shall be included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA for purposes of calculating compliance with the Financial Covenant, if then in effect, for any Test Period. SECTION 8.06 Change of Control. Notwithstanding the definition of a Change of Control: (a) a transaction will not be deemed to involve a Change of Control solely as a result of the Borrower becoming a direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of a holding company if: (i) (A) the direct or indirect holders of the voting Equity Interests of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Borrower s voting Equity Interests immediately prior to that transaction or (B) immediately following that transaction no Person (other than a holding company satisfying the requirements of this sentence) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than fifty percent (50 of the voting Equity Interests of such holding company; and (ii) in the case of the direct parent of the Borrower that becomes such a holding company Holdings ), (A) the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information about Holdings that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act, (B) Holdings shall be an entity organized or existing under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (C) on or prior to the 158 

consummation of such transaction, (1) Holdings and the Borrower shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to add a passive holdings covenant substantially in the form of Exhibit M hereto and to effect an accession of Holdings as a Loan Party party to this Agreement (which amendment shall only require the consent of only the Administrative Agent notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 10.01) and (2) Holdings shall enter into a Guaranty and shall cause such agreements, amendments, supplements, stock certificates or other instruments to be executed, delivered, filed and recorded (and deliver a copy of same to the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent) in such jurisdictions as may be required by applicable law to create and perfect the Lien of the Collateral Agent on all of the Equity Interests issued by the Borrower and all other Collateral owned by Holdings, together with such financing statements as may be required to perfect any security interests in such Collateral which may be perfected by the filing of a financing statement under the UCC of the relevant states; and (b) the right to acquire voting Equity Interests (so long as such Person does not have the right to direct the voting of the voting Equity Interests subject to such right) or any veto power in connection with the acquisition or disposition of voting Equity Interests will not cause a party to be a beneficial owner. ARTICLE IX Administrative Agent and Other Agents SECTION 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Agents. (a) Each Lender and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to it by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. The provisions of this Article IX are solely for the benefit of, and among the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and each L/C Issuer, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall be bound by or have rights as a third party beneficiary of any such provisions (except to the extent such rights are set forth herein, including with respect to such rights in Section 9.09). (b) Each L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each such L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Agents in this Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the applications and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Agent as used in this Article IX and in the definition of Agent-Related Person included such L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to such L/C Issuer. (c) Each Lender and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes DBNY to act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (in its capacities as a Lender, Swingline Lender, L/C Issuer (if applicable) and a potential Hedge Bank or Cash Management Bank) and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent to act as the agent of (and to hold any security interest, charge or other Lien created by the Collateral Documents for and on behalf of or on trust for) 159 

such Lender and such L/C Issuer for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Collateral Agent (and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.02 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Collateral Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX (including Section 9.07, as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) and Article X as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. SECTION 9.02 Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may perform any and all of their duties and exercise their rights and powers under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents or of exercising any rights and remedies thereunder) by or through their respective Affiliates. The exculpatory, indemnification and other provisions of this Article IX (including this Section 9.02 and Sections 9.03 and 9.07) and Section 10.05 shall apply to any Affiliates of the Administrative Agent and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. All of the rights, benefits, and privileges (including the exculpatory and indemnification provisions) of this Article IX (including this Section 9.02 and Sections 9.03 and 9.07) and Section 10.05 shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Affiliates of any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities as sub-agent as if such sub-agent and Affiliates were named herein. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to each sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent, (i) such sub-agent shall be a third party beneficiary under this Agreement with respect to all such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) and shall have all of the rights and benefits of a third party beneficiary, including an independent right of action to enforce such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) directly, without the consent or joinder of any other Person, against any or all of Loan Parties and the Lenders, (ii) such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) shall not be modified or amended without the consent of such sub-agent, and (iii) such sub-agent shall only have obligations to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent and not to any Loan Party, Lender or any other Person and no Loan Party, Lender or any other Person shall have any rights, directly or indirectly, as a third party beneficiary or otherwise, against such sub-agent. SECTION 9.03 Liability of Agents. No Agent-Related Person shall (a) be liable to any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby, including their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent (except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any Lender or participant for (or shall have any duty to ascertain or inquire into) (A) any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof, contained herein or in any other Loan Document, or made in any written or oral statements or in any financial or other statements or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (B) the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the perfection or priority of any Lien or security interest created or purported to be created under the Collateral Documents, (C) the financial condition or business affairs of any Loan Party or any other Person liable for the payment of any Obligations or (D) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral or the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein or that the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent have been properly or sufficiently created, perfected, protected, enforced or entitled to any particular priority, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent, or for any failure of any Loan Party or any other party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no Agent-Related 160 

Person shall have any liability arising from confirmations of the amount of outstanding Loans or the L/C Obligations or the component amounts thereof or shall be under any obligation to any Lender or participant to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof. No Agent shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that such Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents); provided that such Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its judgment or the judgment of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law. No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The exculpatory provisions of this Article IX shall apply to any such Affiliates, agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact, such sub-agents, and their respective activities in connection with the syndication of credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities of the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent. SECTION 9.04 Reliance by Agents. (a) Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, communication, signature, resolution, representation, notice, request, consent, certificate, instrument, affidavit, letter, telegram, facsimile, telex or telephone message, electronic mail message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to any Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by such Agent and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby in any instance) and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, (i) each Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any communication, instrument or document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person or Persons, and shall be entitled to rely and shall be protected in relying on opinions and judgments of attorneys (who may be attorneys for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries), accountants, experts and other professional advisors selected by it; and (ii) no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against any Agent as a result of such Agent acting or (where so instructed) refraining from acting hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby in any instance). (b) For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. SECTION 9.05 Notice of Default. None of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest and fees required to be paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower 161 

referring to this Agreement, describing such Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. The Administrative Agent will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice. Subject to the other provisions of this Article IX, the Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to any Event of Default as may be directed by the Required Lenders in accordance with Article VIII; provided that unless and until the Administrative Agent has received any such direction, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Event of Default as it shall deem advisable or in the best interest of the Lenders. SECTION 9.06 Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by Agents. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer acknowledges that no Agent-Related Person has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender as to any matter, including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material information in their possession. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents to each Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereunder. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by any Agent herein, such Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide (and shall not be liable for the failure to provide) any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of any Agent-Related Person. SECTION 9.07 Indemnification of Agents. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders shall indemnify upon demand each Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and without limiting the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), pro rata, and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by it in its capacity as an Agent-Related Person; provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting from such Agent-Related Person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be required by the Loan Documents) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 9.07. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Liabilities, this Section 9.07 applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other Person. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Borrower, provided that such reimbursement by the Lenders shall not affect the Borrower s continuing reimbursement obligations with respect thereto, if any. The undertaking in this Section 9.07 shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, the payment of all other Loan Obligations and the resignation of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. SECTION 9.08 Agents in their Individual Capacities. DBNY and its Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire Equity Interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting or other business with each of the Loan 162 

Parties and their respective Affiliates as though DBNY were not the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent hereunder and without notice to or consent of (nor any duty to accept therefor to) the Lenders. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, DBNY or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to provide such information to them. With respect to its Loans, DBNY shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise such rights and powers as though it were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, and the terms Lender and Lenders include DBNY in its individual capacity. SECTION 9.09 Successor Agents. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may resign as the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, as applicable, upon thirty (30) days notice to the Lenders and the Borrower. If the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent resigns under this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States, which appointment of a successor agent shall require the consent of the Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) or (g) (which consent of the Borrower shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). If no successor agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, may appoint, after consulting with the Lenders and the Borrower, a successor agent meeting the qualifications set forth above, which successor may not be a Defaulting Lender or Disqualified Lender. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor agent hereunder, the Person acting as such successor agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, and the term Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall mean such successor administrative agent and/or supplemental administrative agent, as the case may be, and the term Collateral Agent shall mean such successor collateral agent and/or supplemental agent, as described in Section 9.01(c), and the retiring Administrative Agent s or retiring Collateral Agent s, as applicable, appointment, powers and duties as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be terminated. After the retiring Administrative Agent s or retiring Collateral Agent s resignation, as applicable, hereunder as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, the provisions of this Article IX and Section 10.04 and Section 10.05 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, under this Agreement. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent by the date which is thirty (30) days following the retiring Administrative Agent s notice of resignation, the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, hereunder by a successor and upon the execution and filing or recording of such financing statements, or amendments thereto, and such amendments or supplements to the Mortgages, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Required Lenders may reasonably request, in order to (a) continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be granted by the Collateral Documents or (b) otherwise ensure that the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement is satisfied, the Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, discretion, privileges, and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, and the retiring Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent shall, to the extent not previously discharged, be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent or the successor Collateral Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent s or retiring Collateral Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article IX and Sections 10.04 and 10.05 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent or retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, and its agents and sub-agents in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent or retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, was acting as Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent, as applicable. 163 

SECTION 9.10 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding. In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent under Section 2.09 and Section 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and (c) any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel, and any other amounts due to the Administrative Agent under Section 2.09 and Section 10.04. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or the L/C Issuer or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the secured Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, or any similar Laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, (b) at any other sale or foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable Law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that would vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) in the asset or assets so purchased (or in the Equity Interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles to make a bid, (ii) to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or Equity Interests thereof shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by the vote of the Required Lenders, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in clauses (a) through (h) of Section 10.01 of this Agreement, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to assign the relevant Obligations to any such acquisition vehicle pro rata by the Lenders, as a result of which each of the Lenders shall be deemed to have received a pro rata portion of any Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by such an acquisition vehicle on account of the assignment of the Obligations to be credit bid, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (iv) to the extent that Obligations that 164 

are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of debt credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Lenders pro rata and the Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of the Obligations that had been assigned to the acquisition vehicle shall automatically be canceled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. SECTION 9.11 Collateral and Guaranty Matters. The Lenders and the L/C Issuer and each other Secured Party irrevocably agrees that: (a) any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document shall be automatically released (i) upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Loan Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations not yet accrued and payable), the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit with no pending drawings (other than Letters of Credit that have been Cash Collateralized or Backstopped or as to which other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer have been made) and any other obligation (including a guarantee) that is contingent in nature), (ii) at the time the property subject to such Lien is transferred or to be transferred as part of or in connection with any transfer permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document to any Person other than any other Loan Party, (iii) subject to Section 10.01, if the release of such Lien is approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, (iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon release of such Guarantor from its obligations under its Guaranty pursuant to clause (c) below and/or (v) if the property subject to such Lien becomes Excluded Property; (b) the Collateral Agent is authorized to (and each Secured Party irrevocably requires the Administrative Agent to promptly) release or subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(e), 7.01(f), 7.01(g), 7.01(i), 7.01(m), 7.01(o), 7.01(p), 7.01(q), 7.01(t), 7.01(v), 7.01(w) (as it relates to Section 7.01(i) and 7.01(o)), 7.01(aa) (to the extent the relevant Lien is of the type to which the Lien of the Collateral Agent is otherwise subordinated under this clause (b) pursuant to any of the other exceptions to Section 7.01 that are expressly included in this clause (c)) and/or 7.01(oo); provided that the subordination of any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent shall only occur with respect to any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 7.01(i), 7.01(q), 7.01(aa) and/or 7.01(oo) to the extent that the Lien of the Collateral Agent with respect to such property is required to be subordinated to the relevant Permitted Lien in accordance with the documentation governing the Indebtedness that is secured by such Permitted Lien; and (c) if any Subsidiary Guarantor becomes an Excluded Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary the Borrower elects to maintain as a Subsidiary Guarantor) or is transferred to any Person other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case as a result of a transaction or designation permitted hereunder (as certified in writing delivered to the Administrative Agent by a Responsible Officer), (x) such Subsidiary shall be automatically released from its obligations under the Guaranty and (y) any Liens granted by such Subsidiary or Liens on the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary (to the extent such Equity Interests have become Excluded Equity or are being transferred to a Person that is not a Loan Party) shall be automatically released; provided that (i) no such release shall occur if such Subsidiary Guarantor continues to be a guarantor in respect of any Senior Secured Notes or any Permitted Refinancing thereof, the ABL Facility or any Permitted Refinancing thereof or any Junior Debt unless and until such Subsidiary Guarantor is (or is being simultaneously) released from its guarantee with respect to such Indebtedness, (ii)(A) solely in the case of any election to maintain a Non-U.S. Discretionary Guarantor as a Subsidiary Guarantor, consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required prior to such election, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned (it being understood that such consent may be withheld if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that such Non-U.S. Discretionary Guarantor is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction (1) where the amount and enforceability of the contemplated guarantee that may be entered into by a Person organized in the relevant jurisdiction is materially and adversely limited by applicable law or contractual limitations, (2) where the security interests (and the enforceability thereof) that may be granted with respect to assets (or various 165 

classes of assets) located in the relevant jurisdiction are materially and adversely limited by applicable law or (3) that is not a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development or is the target of any Sanctions; provided that no such consent shall be required for the Borrower s election to maintain an Excluded Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Guarantor if such Excluded Subsidiary was already a Guarantor and has not changed its jurisdiction of organization and/or is organized under the laws of the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland the Netherlands and Luxembourg) and (B) unless previously provided with respect to such Non-U.S. Discretionary Guarantor, the Administrative Agent shall have received at least two (2) Business Days prior to such election all documentation and other information in respect of such Excluded Subsidiary as has been reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in writing that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act (and, upon any request made by a Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent will provide the Lenders with all such information made available to it in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of this Agreement) and (iii) the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents solely as a result of such Subsidiary Guarantor becoming an Excluded Subsidiary of the type described in clause (l) of the definition thereof shall only be permitted if, at the time such Subsidiary Guarantor becomes such an Excluded Subsidiary, (A) no Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (B) such Subsidiary Guarantor so becomes such an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a joint venture or other strategic transaction permitted hereunder entered into for a bona fide operating business purpose. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Collateral Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.11. In each case as specified in this Section 9.11, the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent will promptly (and each Lender irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent to), at the Borrower s expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release or subordination of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents, or to evidence the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.11; provided that, upon the reasonable request by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that the transactions giving rise to such request have been consummated in accordance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any such certificate delivered by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 9.11 shall be conclusive and binding. Each Secured Party irrevocably authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to rely on any such certificate without independent investigation and release its interests in any Collateral or release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents (including, in each case of the foregoing, by filing applicable termination statements and/or returning pledged Collateral); it being acknowledged and agreed by each Secured Party that the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, shall have no liability with respect to relying on such certificate and taking actions to evidence such release Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Secured Party hereby agree that (i) no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral (including through any right of setoff) or to enforce the Guarantee, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under any of the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof and all powers, rights and remedies under the Collateral Documents may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof, and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure or similar enforcement action by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or otherwise of the Bankruptcy Code), the Collateral Agent (or any Lender, except with respect to a credit bid pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or otherwise of the Bankruptcy Code) may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or other disposition and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Secured Parties (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities) shall be entitled, upon instructions from the Required Lenders, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such sale or disposition, to use and apply any of 166 

the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any collateral payable by the Collateral Agent at such sale or other disposition. The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. SECTION 9.12 Other Agents; Arrangers and Managers. None of the Lenders, the Agents, the Lead Arrangers, or other Persons identified on the facing page or signature pages of this Agreement as a joint lead arranger and bookrunner, co-documentation agents managers shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so identified shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so identified in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder. SECTION 9.13 Appointment of Supplemental Administrative Agents. (a) It is the purpose of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that there shall be no violation of any Law of any jurisdiction denying or restricting the right of banking corporations or associations to transact business as agent or trustee in such jurisdiction. It is recognized that in case of litigation under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and in particular in case of the enforcement of any of the Loan Documents, or in case the Administrative Agent deems that by reason of any present or future Law of any jurisdiction it may not exercise any of the rights, powers or remedies granted herein or in any of the other Loan Documents or take any other action which may be desirable or necessary in connection therewith, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to appoint an additional individual or institution selected by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion as a separate trustee, co-trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, administrative sub-agent or administrative co-agent (any such additional individual or institution being referred to herein individually as a Supplemental Administrative Agent and, collectively, as Supplemental Administrative Agents ). (b) In the event that the Administrative Agent appoints a Supplemental Administrative Agent with respect to any Collateral, (i) each and every right, power, privilege or duty expressed or intended by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to be exercised by or vested in or conveyed to the Administrative Agent with respect to such Collateral shall be exercisable by and vest in such Supplemental Administrative Agent to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to enable such Supplemental Administrative Agent to exercise such rights, powers and privileges with respect to such Collateral and to perform such duties with respect to such Collateral, and every covenant and obligation contained in the Loan Documents and necessary to the exercise or performance thereof by such Supplemental Administrative Agent shall run to and be enforceable by either the Administrative Agent or such Supplemental Administrative Agent, and (ii) the provisions of this Article IX and of Section 10.04 and Section 10.05 that refer to the Administrative Agent shall inure to the benefit of such Supplemental Administrative Agent and all references therein to the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Administrative Agent and/or such Supplemental Administrative Agent, as the context may require. (c) Should any instrument in writing from any Loan Party be required by any Supplemental Administrative Agent so appointed by the Administrative Agent for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to him or it such rights, powers, privileges and duties, the Borrower shall, or shall cause such Loan Party to, execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such instruments promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent. In case any Supplemental Administrative Agent, or a successor thereto, shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of such Supplemental 167 

Administrative Agent, to the extent permitted by Law, shall vest in and be exercised by the Administrative Agent until the appointment of a new Supplemental Administrative Agent. SECTION 9.14 Withholding Tax. To the extent required by any applicable Law (as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent may deduct or withhold from any payment to any Lender under any Loan Document an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. If the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender for any reason (including because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective), such Lender shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as Tax or otherwise, including any penalties, additions to Tax or interest and together with all expenses (including legal expenses, allocated internal costs and out-of-pocket expenses) incurred, whether or not such Tax was correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to setoff and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this Section 9.14. The agreements in this Section 9.14 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of this Agreement and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, (1) the term Lender shall, for purposes of this Section 9.14, include any L/C Issuer and (2) this Section 9.14 shall not limit or expand the obligations of the Loan Parties under Section 3.01 or any other provision of this Agreement. SECTION 9.15 Cash Management Obligations; Secured Hedge Agreements. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or in any Collateral Document, no Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank that obtains the benefits of Section 8.04, any Guaranty or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Collateral Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) other than in its capacity as a Lender (if applicable) and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Cash Management Obligations or Obligations arising under Secured Hedge Agreements unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be. Each Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank shall indemnify and hold harmless each Agent and each of its directors, officers, employees, or agents, to the extent not reimbursed by the Loan Parties, against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such Agent or its directors, officers, employees, or agents in connection with such provider s Cash Management Obligations or Obligations arising under Secured Hedge Agreements; provided, however, that no Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct as found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. No Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank will create (or be deemed to create) in favor of any such provider, as applicable, any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Guarantor under the Loan Documents. By accepting the benefits of the Collateral, each such Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank shall be deemed to have appointed the Collateral Agent as its agent and agreed to be bound by the Loan Documents as a Secured Party, subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 9.15. SECTION 9.16 [Reserved]. SECTION 9.17 Certain ERISA Matters. 168 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. (b) In addition, unless either (1) subclause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with subclause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). ARTICLE X Miscellaneous SECTION 10.01 Amendments, Etc. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: (a) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (but not the Required Lenders) (it being understood 169 

that a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 (other than a waiver thereof without the consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders in connection with a Credit Extension under the Revolving Credit Facility) or the waiver of any Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall not constitute an extension or increase of any Commitment of any Lender); (b) postpone any date scheduled for, or reduce the amount of, any payment of principal or interest under Section 2.07 or Section 2.08, fees or other amounts without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (but not the Required Lenders), it being understood that the waiver of (or amendment to the terms of) (i) any mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans shall not constitute a postponement of any date scheduled for the payment of principal or interest and (ii) the MFN Provisions or other most favored nation provisions and the application thereof shall not constitute a postponement or reduction of the amount of interest or other amounts; (c) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iii) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (but not the Required Lenders), it being understood that (x) any change to the definition of any financial ratio (including the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Total Leverage Ratio and/or the Interest Coverage Ratio) or in each case, the component definitions thereof and/or (y) any amendment, supplement, modification and/or waiver of the MFN Provisions shall, in each case of the foregoing clauses (x) and (y), not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees or other amounts payable; provided that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate; (d) change any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition of Required Lenders, Required Revolving Credit Lenders, or any other provision specifying the number of Lenders or portion of the Loans or Commitments required to take any action under the Loan Documents without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; (e) release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions except as expressly provided in the Loan Documents (including any transaction permitted under Section 7.04 and/or Section 7.05), without the written consent of each Lender; (f) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees in any transaction or series of related transactions except as expressly provided in the Loan Documents (including any transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or Section 7.05), without the written consent of each Lender; (g) solely to the extent such change would alter the ratable sharing of payments, change any provision of Section 2.13 or Section 8.04 without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; or (h) change the stated currency in which any Lender or L/C Issuer is required to make Loans or issue Letters of Credit or the Borrower is required to make payments of principal, interest, fees or other amounts hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender and L/C Issuer directly and adversely affected thereby (but not the Required Lenders); and provided, further that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by each L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Letter of Credit Application relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swingline Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iv) [reserved]; (v) Section 10.07(h) may not be amended, waived or 170 

otherwise modified without the consent of each Granting Lender all or any part of whose Loans are being funded by an SPC at the time of such amendment, waiver or other modification; (vi) any amendment or waiver that by its terms affects the rights or duties of Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of a particular Class (but not the Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of any other Class) will require only the requisite percentage in interest of the affected Class of Lenders that would be required to consent thereto if such Class of Lenders were the only Class of Lenders; (vii) the definition of Letter of Credit Sublimit may be amended or rights and privileges thereunder waived with the consent of the Borrower , each L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent and the Required Revolving Credit Lenders; (viii) an amendment described in Section 8.06 may be effected with the consent of the Borrower, Holdings and the Administrative Agent; (ix) the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.01 to a Credit Extension of Term B Loans on the Closing Date may be amended or rights and privileges thereunder waived only with the consent of the Term Lenders holding more than 50.0 of the Term B Commitments on such date; (x) the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.01 to a Credit Extension under the Revolving Credit Facility on the Closing Date and/or the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 to a Credit Extension under the Revolving Credit Facility after the Closing Date, in each case, may be amended or rights and privileges thereunder waived only with the consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders and, in the case of a Credit Extension that constitutes the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer; and (xi) only the consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders shall be necessary to amend, modify or waive the terms and provision of the Financial Covenant and/or Liquidity Covenant set forth in Section 7.09 (and any related definitions as used in such Section, but not as used in other Sections of this Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (a) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Term Loans, the Revolving Credit Loans, the Incremental Term Loans, if any, and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (b) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and, if applicable, the Required Revolving Credit Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 10.01, any guarantees, collateral security documents and related documents executed by Subsidiaries in connection with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and may be, together with this Agreement, amended, supplemented and waived with the consent of the Administrative Agent at the request of the Borrower without the need to obtain the consent of any Lender if such amendment, supplement or waiver is delivered in order (i) to comply with local Law or advice of local counsel, (ii) to correct or cure (x) ambiguities, errors, mistakes, omissions or defects, (y) to effect administrative changes of a technical or immaterial nature or (iii) to cause such guarantee, collateral security document or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; it being agreed that in the case of any conflict between this Agreement and any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control (except that in the case of any conflict between this Agreement and an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, such Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement shall control). Furthermore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with the consent of the Administrative Agent at the request of the Borrower (without the need to obtain any consent of any Lender), (i) any Loan Document may be amended to cure ambiguities, omissions, mistakes or defects, (ii) any Loan Document may be amended to add terms that are favorable to the Lenders (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent), (iii) this Agreement (including the amount of amortization due and payable with respect to any Class of Term Loans) may be amended to the extent necessary to create a fungible Class of Term Loans (including to add provisions that are more favorable to the relevant Class of Lenders holding such Term Loans, but not provisions that are adverse to such Class of Lenders) and (iv) this Agreement (and any other Loan Document) may be amended to the extent necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of clause (h) of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with any determination as to whether the requisite Lenders have (A) consented (or not consented) to any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, (B) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or (C) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document, any Lender (other than (x) any Lender that is a Regulated Bank and (y) any Revolving Lender as of the Effective Date) that, as a result of its interest in any total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative 171 

contract (other than any such total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract entered into pursuant to bona fide market making activities), has a net short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments (each, a Net Short Lender shall, unless the Borrower otherwise elects (in its sole discretion), have no right to vote any of its Loans and Commitments and shall be deemed to have voted its interest as a Lender without discretion in the same proportion as the allocation of voting with respect to such matter by Lenders who are not Net Short Lenders. For purposes of determining whether a Lender has a net short position on any date of determination: (i) derivative contracts with respect to the Loans and Commitments and such contracts that are the functional equivalent thereof shall be counted at the notional amount thereof in Dollars, (ii) notional amounts in other currencies shall be converted to the Dollar Equivalent thereof by such Lender in a commercially reasonable manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices and based on the prevailing conversion rate (determined on a mid-market basis) on the date of determination, (iii) derivative contracts in respect of an index that includes any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties or any instrument issued or guaranteed by any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties shall not be deemed to create a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments, so long as (x) such index is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Lender and (y) the Borrower and other Loan Parties and any instrument issued or guaranteed by any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties, collectively, shall represent less than 5 of the components of such index, (iv) derivative transactions that are documented using either the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions or the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (collectively, the ISDA CDS Definitions shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments if such Lender is a protection buyer or the equivalent thereof for such derivative transaction and (x) the Loans or the Commitments are a Reference Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction (whether specified by name in the related documentation, included as a Standard Reference Obligation on the most recent list published by Markit, if Standard Reference Obligation is specified as applicable in the relevant documentation or in any other manner), (y) the Loans or the Commitments would be a Deliverable Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction or (z) any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties (or its successor) is designated as a Reference Entity under the terms of such derivative transactions, and (v) credit derivative transactions or other derivatives transactions not documented using the ISDA CDS Definitions shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments if such transactions are functionally equivalent to a transaction that offers the Lender protection in respect of the Loans or the Commitments, or as to the credit quality of any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties other than, in each case, as part of an index so long as (x) such index is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Lender and (y) the Borrower and other Loan Parties and any instrument issued or guaranteed by any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties, collectively, shall represent less than 5 of the components of such index. In connection with any such determination, each Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing that it is a Net Short Lender, or shall otherwise be deemed to have represented and warranted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that it is not a Net Short Lender (it being understood and agreed that the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on each such representation and deemed representation). SECTION 10.02 Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies. (a) General. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be in writing (including by facsimile transmission). All such written notices shall be mailed, faxed or delivered to the applicable address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: (i) if to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties; and (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire or to such other address, facsimile number, 172 

electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Swingline Lender. All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to be given or made upon the earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt by the relevant party hereto and (ii) (A) if delivered by hand or by courier, when signed for by or on behalf of the relevant party hereto; (B) if delivered by mail, four (4) Business Days after deposit in the mail, postage prepaid; (C) if delivered by facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone; and (D) if delivered by e-mail (which form of delivery is subject to the provisions of Section 10.02(b)), when delivered; provided that notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Swingline Lender pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until actually received by such Person during the person s normal business hours. In no event shall a voice mail message be effective as a notice, communication or confirmation hereunder. (b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in their discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. (c) The Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Agent-Related Persons (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Loan Parties, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). (d) Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Swingline Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agents from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective 173 

address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the non- PUBLIC or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal or state securities laws. (e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuers and Lenders. The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, each Lender and the Agent-Related Parties of each of the foregoing from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower other than those arising as a result of such Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment). (f) Notice to Other Loan Parties. The Borrower agrees that notices to be given to any other Loan Party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be given to the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.02 with the same effect as if given to such other Loan Party in accordance with the terms hereunder or thereunder. SECTION 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure by any Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law. SECTION 10.04 Attorney Costs and Expenses. The Borrower agrees (a) to the extent the Closing Date occurs, to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arrangers and the L/C Issuers for all reasonable and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket costs and expenses associated with the syndication of the Term B Loans and Revolving Credit Loans and the preparation, execution and delivery, administration, amendment, modification, waiver and/or enforcement of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated), including all Attorney Costs of one primary counsel and one local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which to the extent necessary, may include a single special counsel acting for multiple jurisdictions) and (b) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arrangers, each L/C Issuer and the Lenders (taken as a whole) for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of any rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any workout or restructuring in respect of the Loans, all such fees, costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, and including all Attorney Costs of one firm of outside counsel to the Administrative Agent (and one local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which to the extent necessary may include a single special counsel acting for multiple jurisdictions)) (and, in the case of an actual or reasonably perceived conflict of interest, where the Person(s) affected by such conflict notifies the Borrower of the existence of such conflict, one additional firm of counsel for all such affected Persons)). The foregoing fees, costs and expenses shall include all reasonable search, filing, recording and title insurance charges and fees related thereto, and other reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Agent. The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid within ten (10) Business Days of receipt by the Borrower of an invoice relating thereto setting forth 174 

such expenses in reasonable detail. If any Loan Party fails to pay when due any costs, expenses or other amounts payable by it hereunder or under any Loan Document, such amount may be paid on behalf of such Loan Party by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. SECTION 10.05 Indemnification by the Borrower. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person, each Lender, each L/C Issuer, each Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and the directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents, advisors, and other representatives and the successors and permitted assigns of each of the foregoing (without duplication)(collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all losses, liabilities, damages and claims (collectively, the Losses ), and reasonable and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including reasonable Attorney Costs of one primary firm of counsel for all Indemnitees and, if necessary, of a single firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which to the extent necessary, may include a single special counsel acting for multiple jurisdictions) for all Indemnitees (and, in the case of an actual or reasonably perceived conflict of interest, where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict notifies the Borrower of the existence of such conflict, one additional firm of counsel for all such affected Indemnitees)), but no other third party advisors without the Borrower s prior consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of any such Indemnitee arising out of, resulting from, or in connection with, any actual or threatened claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding (including any inquiry or investigation) relating to this Agreement, the Transactions or any related transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, the Facilities or any use of the proceeds thereof (any of the foregoing, a Proceeding ), regardless of whether any such Indemnitee is a party thereto and whether or not such Proceedings are brought by the Borrower, its Affiliates or creditors or any other third party Person in any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with (a) the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance or administration of any Loan Document or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, (b) any Commitment, Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by an L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), or (c) any actual or alleged presence or Release or threat of Release of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any property currently or formerly owned or operated by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party, or (d) any actual or threatened claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory (including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of any pending or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding) (all the foregoing, collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Losses and related expenses resulted from (x) the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Indemnitee (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision), (y) a material breach of the Loan Documents by such Indemnitee (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision) or (z) disputes solely between and among such Indemnitees to the extent such disputes do not arise from any act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other than, to the extent such disputes do not arise from any act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, with respect to a claim against an Indemnitee acting in its capacity as an Agent or Lead Arranger or similar role under the Loan Documents unless such claim arose from the exceptions specified in clauses (x) and (y) (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision)). No Indemnitee, nor any other party hereto shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any information or other materials obtained through IntraLinks or other similar information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement and, without in any way limiting the indemnification obligations set forth above, no Indemnitee or Loan Party shall have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the Closing Date); provided that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the Borrower s indemnification and reimbursement obligations hereinabove to the extent such damages are included in any third party claim in connection with which an Indemnitee is otherwise entitled to indemnification or reimbursement hereunder. In the case of an investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 10.05 applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, its directors, managers, partners, stockholders or creditors or an Indemnitee or any other Person, whether or not any Indemnitee is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not any of the transactions contemplated hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents is consummated. All amounts due under this Section 10.05 shall be paid within thirty days after demand therefor (together with 175 

reasonably detailed backup documentation supporting such reimbursement request); provided, however, that such Indemnitee shall promptly refund such amount to the extent that there is a final judicial decision in a court of competent jurisdiction that such Indemnitee was not entitled to indemnification or contribution rights with respect to such payment pursuant to the express terms of this Section 10.05. The agreements in this Section 10.05 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Loan Documents, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 10.05 shall not apply to Taxes other than Taxes that represent liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, etc., with respect to a non-Tax claim. It is agreed that the Loan Parties shall not be liable for any settlement of any Proceeding (or any expenses related thereto) effected without the Borrower s written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), but if settled with the Borrower s written consent or if there is a judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction in any such Proceeding, the Borrower agree to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from and against any and all Losses and reasonable and documented or invoiced legal or other out-of-pocket expenses by reason of such settlement or judgment in accordance with and to the extent provided in the other provisions of this Section 10.05. The Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of any Indemnitee (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, it being understood that the withholding of consent due to non-satisfaction of any of the conditions described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this sentence shall be deemed reasonable), effect any settlement of any pending or threatened Proceeding in respect of which indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnitee unless such settlement (i) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnitee in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnitee from all liability or claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding, (ii) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnitee, and (iii) contains customary confidentiality provisions with respect to the terms of such settlement. SECTION 10.06 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to any Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, or any Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by any Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. SECTION 10.07 Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that, except as otherwise provided herein (including without limitation as permitted under Section 7.04), the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(e), (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 10.07(g) or (iv) to an SPC in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(h) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 10.07(e) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 176 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, after the Closing Date with respect to any Facility, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of such Facility (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this Section 10.07(b), participations in L/C Obligations) at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of: (A) the Borrower, provided that, no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment (1) of any Term Loan to any other Lender, any Affiliate of a Lender or any Approved Fund or made by MS to the extent that such assignments are made in the primary syndication and to whom the Borrower has consented on or prior to the Closing Date, (2) of any Revolving Credit Loans and/or Revolving Credit Commitments to any other Revolving Credit Lender or any Affiliate of a Revolving Credit Lender or (3) if a Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to any Assignee; provided, further that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment of Term Loans unless the Borrower shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after a Responsible Officer having received written notice thereof; (B) the Administrative Agent; provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of a Term Loan to another Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; and (C) each L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender at the time of such assignment, provided that no consent of such L/C Issuers or Swingline Lender shall be required for any assignment of a Term Loan. (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 (in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility) or 1,000,000 (in the case of a Term Loan) unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents, provided that (1) no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if a Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (2) such amounts shall be aggregated in respect of each Lender and its Affiliates or Approved Funds, if any; (B) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption; (C) the Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and any documentation required by Section 3.01(f); (D) the Assignee shall not be a natural person, Defaulting Lender, a Disqualified Lender, (other than as set forth in Section 2.05(d) or clause (F) below) any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates; provided that the list of Disqualified Lenders shall be made available to the Lenders; and (E) the Assignee shall not be a Defaulting Lender; and (F) in case of an assignment to an Affiliated Lender, (1) no Revolving Credit Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments shall be assigned to or held by any Affiliated Lender, (2) no proceeds of Revolving Credit Loans shall be used, directly or indirectly, to consummate such assignment, (3) any Loans assigned to an Affiliated Lender shall be canceled promptly upon such assignment, (4) any purchases by Affiliated Lenders shall require that such Affiliated Lender clearly identify itself as an Affiliated Lender in any Assignment and Assumption executed in connection with such purchases or sales 177 

and (5) no Affiliated Lender may purchase any Loans so long as any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this paragraph (b) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Facilities other than Term B Facilities on a non-pro rata basis. (c) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.07(d) and receipt by the Administrative Agent from the parties to each assignment of a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 (provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment), from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits and obligations of Sections 3.01, 3.03, 3.04, 10.04 and 10.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Upon request, and the surrender by the assigning Lender of its Note (if any), the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this clause (c) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 10.07(e). For greater certainty, any assignment by a Lender pursuant to this Section 10.07 shall not in any way constitute or be deemed to constitute a novation, discharge, recession, extinguishment or substitution of the existing Indebtedness and any Indebtedness so assigned shall continue to be the same obligation and not a new obligations. (d) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of the Loans, L/C Obligations (specifying the Unreimbursed Amounts), L/C Borrowings, owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). No assignment shall be effective unless it has been recorded in the Register pursuant to this Section 10.07(d). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent demonstrable error, and the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Agent and any Lender (with respect to its own interests only) at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties intend and shall treat the Loans (and any participation made pursuant to Section 10.07(e)) as being at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Administrative Agent be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender is an Affiliated Lender. The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent, acting in its capacity as a non-fiduciary agent for purposes of maintaining the Register, and its officers, directors, employees, agents, sub-agents and affiliates, shall constitute Indemnitees under Section 10.05 hereof. (e) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Person, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or a Defaulting Lender) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swingline Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any 178 

amendment, waiver or other modification described in Section 10.01(a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) that directly affects such Participant. Subject to Section 10.07(f), the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.03 and 3.04 (through the applicable Lender), subject to the requirements and limitations of such Sections (including Section 3.01(f) and Sections 3.05 and 3.06), to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.07(b) (it being agreed that any documentation required to be provided under Section 3.01(f) shall be provided solely to the participating Lender). To the extent permitted by applicable Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.09 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant complies with Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Any Lender that sells participations and any Lender that grants a Loan to a SPC shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and the address of each Participant and/or SPC and the principal and interest amounts of each Participant s and/or SPC s participation interest in the Commitments and/or Loans (or other rights or obligations) held by it (the Participant Register ). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive, absent demonstrable error, and the Borrower and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation interest or granted Loan as the owner thereof for all purposes notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent, acting in its capacity as a non-fiduciary agent for purposes of maintaining the Participant Register, and its officers, directors, employees, agents, sub-agents and affiliates, shall constitute Indemnitees under Section 10.05 hereof. In maintaining the Participant Register, such Lender shall be acting as the non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower solely for purposes of applicable U.S. federal income tax law and undertakes no duty, responsibility or obligation to the Borrower (without limitation, in no event shall such Lender be a fiduciary of the Borrower for any purpose). No Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of a Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, or its other obligations under this Agreement) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish in connection with a Tax audit that such commitment, loan, or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations and Section 1.163-5(b) of the Proposed Treasury Regulations (or any amended or successor version) or, if different, under Sections 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code. (f) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01, 3.03 or 3.04 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent or to the extent such entitlement to a greater payment results from a Change in Law after the Participant became a Participant. (g) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or similar central bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (an SPC the option to provide all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to fund any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) an SPC shall be entitled to the benefit of Sections 3.01, 3.03 and 3.04, subject to the requirements and limitations of such Sections (including Section 3.01(f) and Sections 3.05 and 3.06), to the same extent as if such SPC were a Lender, but neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 3.01, 3.03 or 3.04) except to the extent any entitlement to greater amounts results from a Change in Law after the grant to the SPC occurred, (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender would be liable and such liability shall remain with the Granting Lender, and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes, including the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document, remain the lender of record hereunder. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made 179 

by such Granting Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without prior consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, assign all or any portion of its right to receive payment with respect to any Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety or Guarantee Obligation or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (1) any Lender may in accordance with applicable Law create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the Note, if any, held by it and (2) any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the Note, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations or securities; provided that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of this Section 10.07, (i) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (ii) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under the Loan Documents even though such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise. (j) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender may, upon thirty (30) days notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as an L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be; provided that on or prior to the expiration of such 30-day period with respect to such resignation, the relevant L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may be, shall have identified, in consultation with the Borrower, a successor L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may be, willing to accept its appointment as successor L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender. In the event of any such resignation of an L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders willing to accept such appointment a successor L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may be, hereunder; provided that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of the relevant L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may be. If an L/C Issuer resigns as an L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender resigns as Swingline Lender, as the case may be, it shall retain all the rights and obligations of an L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans (as the case may be) outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may be, and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto and obligations with respect to the Swingline Loans, as applicable (including, as applicable, the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) and the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in the Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.04). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may be, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges an duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as applicable, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to such L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of such L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. (k) [Reserved]. (l) Disqualified Lenders. (i) No assignment shall be made to any Person that was a Disqualified Lender as of the date (the Trade Date on which the applicable Lender entered into a binding agreement to sell and assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to such Person (unless the Borrower has consented to such assignment as otherwise contemplated by this Section 10.07 (without giving effect to any deemed consent by the Borrower), in which case such Person will not be considered a Disqualified Lender for the purpose of such assignment). For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any assignee that becomes a Disqualified Lender at any time after the applicable Trade Date (including as a result of the delivery of a notice pursuant to, and/or the expiration of the notice period referred to in, the definition of Disqualified Lender ), (x) such assignee shall not retroactively be disqualified from becoming a Lender and (y) for purposes of assignments subsequent to such time, the execution by the Borrower of an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignee will not by itself result in such assignee no longer being considered a Disqualified Lender. Any assignment in violation of this clause (l)(i) shall not be void, but the other provisions of this clause (l) shall apply. (ii) If any assignment is made to any Disqualified Lender without the Borrower s prior consent in violation of clause (i) above, the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon 180 

notice to the applicable Disqualified Lender and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any Revolving Credit Commitment of such Disqualified Lender and repay all obligations of the Borrower owing to such Disqualified Lender in connection with such Revolving Credit Commitment, (B) in the case of outstanding Term Loans held by Disqualified Lenders, prepay such Term Loan by paying the lowest of (x) the principal amount thereof, (y) the current trading price of such Term Loans and (z) the amount that such Disqualified Lender paid to acquire such Term Loans, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and/or (C) require such Disqualified Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 10.07), all of its interest, rights and obligations under this Agreement and related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations at the lesser of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Lender paid to acquire such interests, rights and obligations, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder and other the other Loan Documents; provided that (i) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws, (ii) such assignment shall be accompanied by any assignment fee and (iii) in the case of clause (B), the Borrower shall not use the proceeds from any Loans to prepay Term Loans held by Disqualified Lenders. (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Disqualified Lenders (A) will not (x) have the right to receive information, reports or other materials provided to Lenders by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (y) attend or participate in meetings attended by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, or (z) access any electronic site established for the Lenders or confidential communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (B) (x) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Disqualified Lender will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Disqualified Lenders consented to such matter, and (y) for purposes of voting on any plan of reorganization or plan of liquidation pursuant to any Debtor Relief Laws Plan of Reorganization ), each Disqualified Lender party hereto hereby agrees (1) not to vote on such Plan of Reorganization, (2) if such Disqualified Lender does vote on such Plan of Reorganization notwithstanding the restriction in the foregoing clause (1), such vote will be deemed not to be in good faith and shall be designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws), and such vote shall not be counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such Plan of Reorganization in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws) and (3) not to contest any request by any party for a determination by the Bankruptcy Court (or other applicable court of competent jurisdiction) effectuating the foregoing clause (2). (iv) The Administrative Agent shall have the right to provide the List of Disqualified Lenders to each Lender requesting the same. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance by other parties with the provisions of this Agreement relating to Disqualified Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or prospective Lender is a Disqualified Lender or whether a Lender is a Net Short Lender or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.07, there shall be no restrictions on the ability of the Administrative Agent to make assignments pursuant to the credit bidding provision in last paragraph of 181 

Section 9.10 and such assignment such be made without regard to (without limitation) any transfer or assignment fee, any restrictions on Eligible Assignees or minimum assignment amounts. SECTION 10.08 Confidentiality. Each of the Agents (on behalf of themselves and any Agent Related Person), L/C Issuers and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information and to not use or disclose such information, except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, managers, administrators, limited partners, trustees, investment advisors and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information or who are subject to customary confidentiality obligations of professional practice or who are bound by the terms of this paragraph (or language substantially similar to this paragraph)); (b) to the extent required or requested by any Governmental Authority including any self-regulatory authority such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners; provided that, other than with respect to requests or requirements by such Governmental Authority pursuant to its oversight or supervisory function over such Agent, L/C Issuer or Lender (or their affiliates) for purposes of clauses (b) or (h), such Agent, L/C Issuer or Lender shall (i) give the applicable Loan Party written notice prior to disclosing the information to the extent permitted by such requirement, (ii) cooperate with the Loan Party to obtain a protective order or similar confidential treatment (or, in the case of any requests or requirements by a Governmental Authority pursuant to its oversight or supervisory function, inform such Governmental Authority of the confidential nature of such information), and (iii) only disclose that portion of the Information as counsel for such Agent, L/C Issuer or Lender advises such Person it must disclose pursuant to such requirement; (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations, or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (d) to any other party to this Agreement; (e) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.08 (or as may otherwise be reasonably acceptable to the Borrower), to any pledgee referred to in Section 10.07(g) or 10.07(i), counterparty to a Swap Contract, Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (it being understood that the identity of Disqualified Lenders may be disclosed to any assignee or participant, or prospective assignee or participant); (f) with the written consent of the Borrower; (g) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.08 or (y) is or was received by any Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates from a third party that is not, to such party s knowledge, subject to contractual or fiduciary confidentiality obligations owing to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates; (h) to any Governmental Authority or examiner regulating any Lender; (i) to any rating agency when required by it (it being understood that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake to preserve the confidentiality of any Information relating to the Loan Parties received by it from such Lender); or (j) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder. In addition, the Agents and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Commitments, and the Credit Extensions. For the purposes of this Section 10.08, Information means all information received from any Loan Party or its Affiliates or its Affiliates directors, managers, officers, employees, trustees, investment advisors or agents, relating to the Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries or their business, other than any such information that is publicly available to any Agent, L/C Issuer or any Lender prior to disclosure by any Loan Party other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.08, including, without limitation, information delivered pursuant to Section 6.01, 6.02 or 6.03 hereof. SECTION 10.09 Setoff. In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by Law, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, subject to the exclusive right of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to exercise remedies under Section 9.11, each Lender and its Affiliates and each L/C Issuer and its Affiliates is authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, any such notice being waived by the Borrower (on its own behalf and on behalf of each Loan Party and the Subsidiaries) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to setoff and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, but excluding any payroll, trust, or tax withholding accounts) at any time held by, and other Indebtedness (in any currency) at any time owing by, such Lender and its Affiliates or such L/C Issuer and its Affiliates, as the case may be, to or for the credit or the account of the respective Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries against any and all Loan Obligations owing to such Lender and its Affiliates or such L/C Issuer and its Affiliates hereunder or under any other Loan Document, now or 182 

hereafter existing, irrespective of whether or not such Agent or such Lender or Affiliate shall have made demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such Loan Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or denominated in a currency different from that of the applicable deposit or Indebtedness. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no Lender or its Affiliates and no L/C Issuer or its Affiliates shall have a right to setoff and apply any deposits held or other Indebtedness owing by such Lender or its Affiliates or such L/C Issuer or its Affiliates, as the case may be, to or for the credit or the account of any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is a Foreign Subsidiary or a Domestic Foreign Holding Company. Each Lender and L/C Issuer agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such setoff and application made by such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The rights of the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each L/C Issuer under this Section 10.09 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that the Administrative Agent, such Lender and such L/C Issuer may have. SECTION 10.10 Counterparts; Electronic Execution. This Agreement and each other Loan Document may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by telecopier or other electronic transmission of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement and each other Loan Document shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement and such other Loan Document. The Agents may also require that any such documents and signatures delivered by telecopier or other electronic transmission be confirmed by a manually signed original thereof; provided that the failure to request or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any document or signature delivered by telecopier or other electronic transmission. The words execution, execute , signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation Assignment and Assumptions, amendments, Committed Loan Notices, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby (i) agree that, for all purposes, electronic images of this Agreement or any other Loan Documents (in each case, including with respect to any signature pages thereto) shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, and (ii) waive any argument, defense or right to contest the validity or enforceability of the Loan Documents based solely on the lack of paper original copies of any Loan Documents, including with respect to any signature pages thereto. SECTION 10.11 Integration. This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, comprises the complete and integrated agreement of the parties on the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, on such subject matter. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control; provided that the inclusion of supplemental rights or remedies in favor of the Agents or the Lenders in any other Loan Document shall not be deemed a conflict with this Agreement. Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation of the respective parties thereto and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof. SECTION 10.12 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by each Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by any Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that any Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in 183 

full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Loan Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. The provisions of Sections 10.14 and 10.15 shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Loan Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. SECTION 10.13 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. SECTION 10.14 GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION, SERVICE OF PROCESS. (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED THEREIN). (b) EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH, ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF SUCH STATE IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN (PROVIDED THAT IF NONE OF SUCH COURTS CAN AND WILL EXERCISE SUCH JURISDICTION, SUCH EXCLUSIVITY SHALL NOT APPLY), AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE BORROWER, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. THE BORROWER, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT RELATED THERETO. (c) NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE COLLATERAL AGENT, THE L/C ISSUER OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION (I) FOR PURPOSES OF ENFORCING A JUDGMENT, (II) IN CONNECTION WITH EXERCISING REMEDIES AGAINST THE COLLATERAL IN A JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH COLLATERAL IS LOCATED, (III) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PENDING BANKRUPTCY, INSOLVENCY OR SIMILAR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION OR (IV) TO THE EXTENT THE COURTS REFERRED TO IN THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPH DO NOT HAVE JURISDICTION OVER SUCH LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING OR THE PARTIES OR PROPERTY SUBJECT THERETO. SECTION 10.15 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND 184 

THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. SECTION 10.16 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Lender and L/C Issuer that each such Lender and L/C Issuer has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, each Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Lenders except as permitted by Section 7.04. SECTION 10.17 [Reserved]. SECTION 10.18 Lender Action. Each Lender agrees that it shall not take or institute any actions or proceedings, judicial or otherwise, for any right or remedy against any Loan Party or any other obligor under any of the Loan Documents (including the exercise of any right of setoff, rights on account of any banker s lien or similar claim or other rights of self-help), or institute any actions or proceedings, or otherwise commence any remedial procedures, with respect to any Collateral or any other property of any such Loan Party, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. The provisions of this Section 10.18 are for the express benefit of the parties hereto and may be enforced by the Loan Parties. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing does not prevent or limit a Hedge Bank from exercising any rights to close out and/or terminate any Secured Hedge Agreement or transaction thereunder to which it is a party or net any such amounts in each case pursuant to the terms of such Secured Hedge Agreement. SECTION 10.19 USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that, pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower and the Guarantors, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and the Guarantors and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower and the Guarantors in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. SECTION 10.20 Acceptable Intercreditor Agreements. (a) Each Lender (and, by its acceptance of the benefits of any Collateral Document, each other Secured Party) hereunder (a) agrees that it will be bound by and will take no actions contrary to the provisions of any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and (b) authorizes and instructs the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent to enter into any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, in each case, as Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent hereunder, as applicable, and on behalf of such Lender or other Secured Party. (b) The foregoing provisions are intended as an inducement to the lenders or noteholders (or any agent, trustee or other representative thereof) party to such Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement to extend credit to the Borrower and such Persons are intended third party beneficiaries of such provisions. SECTION 10.21 Obligations Absolute. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, all obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of: (a) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment, composition, liquidation or the like of any Loan Party; (b) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto against any Loan Party; (c) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Loan Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto; 185 

(d) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any other Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to any departure from any guarantee, for all or any of the Loan Obligations; (e) any exercise or non-exercise, or any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege under or in respect hereof or any Loan Document; or (f) any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Loan Parties. SECTION 10.22 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arrangers are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arrangers, on the other hand, (B) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Lead Arranger each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, nor any Lender or Lead Arranger has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lead Arranger has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Lead Arranger with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. SECTION 10.23 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 186 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any applicable Resolution Authority. SECTION 10.24 ABL Intercreditor Agreement; First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. Each Lender (a) consents to the subordination of Liens provided for in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, (b) agrees that it will be bound by, and will take no actions contrary to, the provisions of the ABL Intercreditor Agreement and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and (c) authorizes and instructs the Collateral Agent to enter into each of the ABL Intercreditor Agreement and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement on behalf of such Lender. The foregoing provisions are intended as an inducement to the Lenders to extend credit to the Borrower or to acquire any notes or other evidence of any debt obligation owing from the Borrower and such Lenders are intended third party beneficiaries of such provisions and the provisions of the ABL Intercreditor Agreement and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. SECTION 10.25 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. (b) As used in this Section 10.25, the following terms have the following meanings: BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 187 

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK; SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 188 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. as the Borrower By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Swingline Lender, a Revolving Credit Lender and L/C Issuer By: Name: Title: By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as the Initial Lender By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as a Revolving Credit Lender and L/C Issuer By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Revolving Credit Lender and L/C Issuer By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Revolving Credit Lender and L/C Issuer By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

GOLDMAN SACHS LENDING PARTNERS, as a Revolving Credit Lender and L/C Issuer By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Revolving Credit Lender and L/C Issuer By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

Annex B #96525782v12 Amended Exhibit B to Credit Agreement See attached. 

B-1 #96530323v196530323v3 (ii) The Facility under which the Proposed [Borrowing] [Conversion] [Continuation] is requested is the ___________ Facility.3 EXHIBIT EXHIBIT B [FORM OF] COMMITTED LOAN NOTICE Date: ______, 20___ Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 60 Wall Street New York, New York 10005 Attn: Jason Prasch and Edmine Delva Phone: (904) 645-4205 and (904) 645-1132 Email ldcm.agencyservicing@db.com Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned refers to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2019 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and as Swingline Lender, each L/C Issuer and each Lender from time to time party thereto, and hereby gives you irrevocable notice pursuant to Section 2.02 [and Section 2.04]1 of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby requests a [Borrowing] [conversion] [continuation] under the Credit Agreement, and sets forth below the information relating to such [Borrowing] [conversion] [continuation] (the Proposed [Borrowing] [Conversion] [Continuation] as required by Section 2.02(a) [and Section 2.04(b)]2 of the Credit Agreement: (i) The Business Day of the Proposed [Borrowing] [Conversion] [Continuation] is ___________, 20_. 1 To be included for Swingline Borrowing. 2 To be included for Swingline Borrowing. 3 Insert Class of proposed Borrowing, conversion or continuation. 

B-2 #96530323v196530323v3 (iii) The Type of Loans comprising the Proposed [Borrowing] [Conversion] [Continuation] is [Base Rate Loans] [Eurocurrency Rate Loans]4 [SOFR Loans]5[Swingline Loans]. (iv) The aggregate principal amount and currency of the Proposed [Borrowing] [Conversion] [Continuation] is ___________ and ___________.46 [(v) The location and number of the account to which funds are to be disbursed is: Bank: ABA #: Account #: Account Name: ]57 (vi) [The initial Interest Period for each [Eurocurrency Rate Loan] [SOFR Loan] made as part of the Credit Extension or the date on which Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments are established (but not drawn) is _______ month[s].68] [The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements will be true on the date of the Proposed Borrowing: (A) The representations and warranties contained in each Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of the Credit Extension or the date on which Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments are established (but not drawn); provided that, to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. (B) No Default exists or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds therefrom.]79 4 Applicable for Revolving Credit Loans. 5 Applicable for Term Loans only. 46 Must be a minimum of the Borrowing Minimum 1,000,000 with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans; 100,000 with respect to Base Rate Loans; and 500,000 with respect to Swingline Loans) or a whole multiple of the Borrowing Multiple 100,000), in excess thereof for Eurocurrency Rate Loans, SOFR Loans, Base Rate Loans or Swingline Loans. 57 To include for Borrowings after the Closing Date only. 68 TheWith respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the Interest Period may be one, two, three or six months, or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower and consented to by all the Lenders (not to be included for Swingline Loans). With respect to SOFR Loans, may be one, three or six months (or, if agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each applicable Term B Lender, any shorter period), as the Borrower may elect. 79 Do not include for (x) a conversion of Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, or (y) a Credit Extension of Incremental Term Loans in 

B-3 #96530323v196530323v3 Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Committed Loan Notice by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Committed Loan Notice. [Signature page follows] continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, or (y) a Credit Extension of Incremental Term Loans in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment. 

Very truly yours, CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC., as Borrower By: ________________________________ Name: Title: B-4 #96530323v1 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-21>
 3
 exhibit21-ccoh2022q4.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 EXHIBIT 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant, Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 

 Name State of Incorporation 1567 Media, LLC DE Brazil Outdoor NewCo, LLC DE CC CV LP, LLC DE CC Lease Management , LLC TX CCHCV LP, LLC DE CCO Barco Airport Venture, LLC DE CCOI Holdco III, LLC DE CCOI Holdco Parent I, LLC DE CCOI Holdco Parent II, LLC DE CCWHI Subsidiary, LLC DE Clear Channel Adshel, Inc. DE Clear Channel Airports International, LLC (fka interspace Airport Advertising International, LLC) PA Clear Channel Airports of Texas, JV TX Clear Channel Airports, Inc. (fka IN-TER-SPACE Services,inc) PA Clear Channel Brazil Holdco, LLC DE Clear Channel Brazil Holdings, LLC DE Clear Channel Electrical Services, LLC DE Clear Channel Interstate, LLC DE Clear Channel IP LLC DE Clear Channel Metra, LLC DE Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings Company Canada DE Clear Channel Outdoor, LLC DE Clear Channel Peoples, LLC DE Clear Channel Spectacolor, LLC DE Clear Channel Worldwide Holdings, Inc. NV Eller-PW Company, LLC CA Exceptional Outdoor Advertising, Inc. FL Get Outdoors Florida, LLC FL Keller Booth Sumners Joint Venture TX Kelnic II Joint Venture TX Mexico MinorityCo, LLC DE Miami Airport Concession LLC DE Milpitas Sign Company, LLC DE Outdoor Management Services, Inc. NV 
 
 - 1 - 

EXHIBIT 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant, Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 

 Name Country of Incorporation Adspace 2000 Ltd. United Kingdom Allied Outdoor Advertising Ltd. United Kingdom Arcadia Cooper Properties Ltd. United Kingdom Barrett Petrie Sutcliffe London Ltd. United Kingdom Barrett Petrie Sutcliffe Ltd. United Kingdom Brasil Outdoor Ltda Brazil C.F.D. Billboards Ltd. United Kingdom CCO International Holdings BV Netherlands CCO Ontario BC Inc. Canada Clear Channel (Guangzhou) Ltd. China Clear Channel (Midlands) Ltd. United Kingdom Clear Channel (Scotland) Ltd. United Kingdom Clear Channel AIDA GmbH Switzerland Clear Channel AWI AG Switzerland Clear Channel Baltics & Russia AB Sweden Clear Channel Banners Ltd. United Kingdom Clear Channel Belgium Sprl Belgium Clear Channel Bordeaux Metropole SAS France Clear Channel CAC AG Switzerland Clear Channel Chile Publicidad Ltda Chile Clear Channel CV Netherlands Clear Channel Danmark AS Denmark Clear Channel Entertainment of Brazil Ltda Brazil Clear Channel Espana SLU Spain Clear Channel Espectaculos SL Spain Clear Channel Estonia OU Estonia Clear Channel European Holdings SAS France Clear Channel France SAS France Clear Channel GMBH Switzerland Clear Channel Holding AG Switzerland Clear Channel Holdings CV Netherlands Clear Channel Holdings, Ltd. United Kingdom Clear Channel Infotrak AG Switzerland Clear Channel International BV Netherlands Clear Channel International Holdings BV Netherlands Clear Channel International Ltd. United Kingdom Clear Channel Interpubli AG Switzerland Clear Channel Ireland Ltd. Ireland Clear Channel Italia SPA Italy Clear Channel KNR Neth Antilles NV Curacao Clear Channel Monaco SARL Monaco Clear Channel Nederland BV Netherlands Clear Channel Nederland Holdings BV Netherlands Clear Channel NI Ltd. United Kingdom Clear Channel Norway AS Norway Clear Channel Ofex AG Switzerland 
 - 2 - 

EXHIBIT 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant, Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 

 Name Country of Incorporation Clear Channel Outdoor Spanish Holdings SL Spain Clear Channel Overseas Ltd. United Kingdom Clear Channel Pacific Pte Ltd. Singapore Clear Channel Plakatron AG Switzerland Clear Channel Poland SP .Z.O.O. Poland Clear Channel Schweiz AG Switzerland Clear Channel Singapore Pte Ltd. Singapore Clear Channel South America S.A.C. Peru Clear Channel SouthWest Ltd. United Kingdom Clear Channel Suomi Oy Finland Clear Channel Sverige AB Sweden Clear Channel Treasury LTD United Kingdom Clear Channel UK Ltd United Kingdom Clear Channel UK One Ltd. United Kingdom Clear Channel UK Three Ltd. United Kingdom Comurben SA Morocco Epiclove Ltd. United Kingdom Equipamientos Urbbanos De Uruguary Uruguay Equipamientos Urbanos Do Brasil Brazil FM Media Ltd. United Kingdom Foxmark (UK) Ltd. United Kingdom Giganto Holding Cayman Cayman Islands Giganto Outdoor Servicios Publicitarios Ltda. Chile Grosvenor Advertising Ltd. United Kingdom Illuminated Awnings Systems Ltd. Ireland Interspace Airport Advertising Aruba NV Aruba Interspace Airport Advertising Curacao N.V. Curacao Interspace Airport Advertising Grand Cayman Cayman Islands Interspace Airport Advertising Netherlands Antilles N.V. Saint Maarten Interspace Airport Advertising TCI Ltd. Turks & Caicos Interspace Airport Advertising Trinidad & Tobago Ltd. Republic of Trinidad & Tobago Interspace Airport Advertising West Indies Ltd. Jamaica KMS Advertising Ltd. United Kingdom L & C Outdoor Ltda. Brazil Maurice Stam Ltd United Kingdom More O'Ferrall Ireland Ltd. Ireland Multimark Ltd. United Kingdom Nitelites (Ireland) Ltd. Ireland NWP Street Limited United Kingdom Outdoor Asesorias y Comercializacion Publicitaria Limitada Chile Outdoor Holding Company Cayman I Cayman Islands Outdoor Holding Company Cayman II Cayman Islands Outdoor Mexico Operaciones, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Outdoor Mexico Servicios Publicitarios S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Outdoor Mexico Servicios Publicitarios Sub, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Outdoor Mexico, Servicios Administrativos, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico 
 - 3 - 

EXHIBIT 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant, Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 

 Name Country of Incorporation Outdoor Mexico, Servicios Corporativos, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Outdoor Servicios Publicitarios Limitada Chile Paneles Napsa S.R.L. Peru Parkin Advertising Ltd. United Kingdom Premium Outdoor Ltd. United Kingdom Publicidade Klimes Sao Paulo Ltda Brazil Racklight S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Regentfile Ltd. United Kingdom Rockbox Ltd. United Kingdom Service2Cities Belgium SIA Clear Channel Latvia Latvia Signways Ltd. United Kingdom Sites International Ltd. United Kingdom Storm Outdoor Ltd. United Kingdom Street Channel SAS France The Canton Property Investment Co. Ltd. United Kingdom The Kildoon Property Co. Ltd. United Kingdom Torpix Ltd. United Kingdom Town & City Posters Advertising. Ltd. United Kingdom Trainer Advertising Ltd. United Kingdom UAB Clear Channel Lietuva Lithuania Vision Media Group UK Ltd. United Kingdom Vision Posters Ltd. United Kingdom 
 - 4 - 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 exhibit23-ccoh2022q4.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 - CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-8) pertaining to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2012 Second Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (No. 333-255956) 
 
 2. Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement (Form S-8) pertaining to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (No. 333-181514) and 
 
 3. Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement (Form S-8) pertaining to the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (No. 333-130229) 
 
 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 San Antonio, Texas 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311-ccoh2022q4.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Scott R. Wells, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 

s Scott R. Wells Scott R. Wells Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312-ccoh2022q4.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Brian D. Coleman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 

s Brian D. Coleman Brian D. Coleman Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321-ccoh2022q4.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This certification is provided pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (the Company ). The undersigned hereby certifies that to his knowledge, the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated February 28, 2023 

By s Scott R. Wells Name Scott R. Wells Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322-ccoh2022q4.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This certification is provided pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (the Company ). The undersigned hereby certifies that to his knowledge, the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated February 28, 2023 
 
 By s Brian D. Coleman Name Brian D. Coleman Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cco-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cco-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cco-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cco-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cco-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

