<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1060219_0001554795-23-000063.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16580814</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>423024</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2050113</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6838736</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2948338</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3651397</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001554795-23-000063.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310164904
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-23-000063
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		135
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SALISBURY BANCORP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001060219
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				061514263
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14854
		FILM NUMBER:		23724394

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 BISSELL ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1868
		CITY:			LAKEVILLE
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06039-1868
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8604359801

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 BISSELL ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1868
		CITY:			LAKEVILLE
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06039-1868

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Salisbury Bancorp, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210422

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SALISBURY BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001554795-23-000063.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 sal0310form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

 FORM

(Mark
One) 

 ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
 or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, ,

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area
 code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 , Par Value 0.10 per share 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. See definitions of large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer, smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. 

 Large
accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes 

 The
aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022 was million based on the closing
sales price of 23.61 of such stock. The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 1, 2023, was
 . 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE 

 None. 

FORM 10-K 

 SALISBURY
BANCORP, INC. 

 For the Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

Description 
 Page 
 
 PART
 I 

Item 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 13 
 
 Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 16 
 
 Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 17 
 
 Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 17 
 
 Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 17 

PART
 II 

Item 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON
 EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 18 
 
 Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 19 
 
 Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT'S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 20 
 
 Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
 DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 36 
 
 Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
 DATA 
 38 
 
 Item 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
 WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 77 
 
 Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 77 
 
 Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 77 
 
 Item 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN
 JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 77 

PART
 III 

Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 78 
 
 Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 84 
 
 Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
 BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 95 
 
 Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
 TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 95 
 
 Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
 SERVICES 
 95 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
 SCHEDULES 
 96 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 97 

2 

PART I 

 Forward-Looking Statements 

 This Annual Report
on Form 10-K may contain and incorporates by reference statements relating to future results of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. (the Company and its Subsidiary, Salisbury Bank and Trust Company (the Bank (collectively, Salisbury ), that are considered
 forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can
be identified by words such as believes, anticipates, expects, intends, targeted, 
 continue, remain, will, should, may, plans, estimates, 
and similar references to future periods; however, such words are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. These statements
relate to, among other things, expectations concerning loan demand, growth and performance, simulated changes in interest rates and the
adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. Such statements are based upon assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ
materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, changes in political
and economic conditions, interest rate fluctuations, competitive product and pricing pressures within Salisbury s markets, equity
and fixed income market fluctuations, personal and corporate customers bankruptcies, inflation, acquisitions and integrations of
acquired businesses, technological changes and cybersecurity matters, changes in law and regulations, changes in fiscal, monetary, regulatory
and tax policies, monetary fluctuations, success in gaining regulatory approvals when required as well as other risks and uncertainties
reported from time to time in Salisbury s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. See also, the Risk Factors 
set forth below. 

 Forward-looking statements
made by Salisbury in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date they are made. Events or other facts that could cause Salisbury s
actual results to differ may arise from time to time, and Salisbury cannot predict all such events and factors. Salisbury undertakes no
obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, except as may be required by law. You are advised to review further disclosures
Salisbury makes from time to time in its filings with the SEC. 

Item 1. BUSINESS 

 Development of Business 

 Salisbury Bancorp,
Inc., a Connecticut corporation, formed in 1998, is the bank holding company for Salisbury Bank and Trust Company (the Bank ),
a Connecticut-chartered and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC insured commercial bank headquartered in Lakeville,
Connecticut. Salisbury s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol SAL. Salisbury's principal
business consists of its operation and control of the business of the Bank. 

 The Bank, formed in
1848, currently provides commercial banking, consumer financing, retail banking and trust and wealth advisory services through a network
of fourteen banking offices and thirteen ATMs located in: Litchfield County, Connecticut; Dutchess, Orange and Ulster Counties, New York;
and Berkshire County, Massachusetts and through its internet website (salisburybank.com). 

 Abbreviations Used Herein 

Bank 
 Salisbury Bank and Trust Company 
 FRA 
 Federal Reserve Act 
 
 BHC 
 Bank Holding Company 
 FRB 
 Federal Reserve Board 
 
 BHCA 
 Bank Holding Company Act 
 GAAP 
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in
 the United States of America 
 
 BOLI 
 Bank Owned Life Insurance 
 GLBA 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
 
 CFPB 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 LIBOR 
 London Interbank Offered Rate 
 
 CRA 
 Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 
 OREO 
 Other Real Estate Owned 
 
 CTDOB 
 State of Connecticut Department of Banking 
 OTTI 
 Other Than Temporarily Impaired 
 
 Dodd- 
 Frank
 Act 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
 Protection Act 
 PIC 
 Passive Investment Company 
 
 ESOP 
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
 Salisbury 
 Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 FACT Act 
 Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act 
 SBLF 
 Small Business Lending Fund 
 
 FASB 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 SEC 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 FDIC 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 SOX 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 FHLBB/FHLB 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston 
 Treasury 
 United States Department of the Treasury 

Description of Business 

 Lending Activities 

 The Bank originates
commercial loans, commercial real estate loans, residential and commercial construction loans, residential real estate loans collateralized
by one-to-four family residences, home equity lines of credit and fixed rate loans and other consumer loans predominately in Connecticut s
Litchfield County, New York s Dutchess, Orange and Ulster Counties and Massachusetts Berkshire County in towns proximate
to the Bank s fourteen full service offices. 

 The majority of the
Bank s loans as of December 31, 2022, including some loans classified as commercial loans, were secured by real estate. Interest
rates charged on loans are affected principally by the Bank s current asset/liability strategy, the demand for such loans, the cost
and supply of money available for lending purposes and the rates offered by competitors. These factors are, in turn, affected by general
economic and credit conditions, monetary policies of the federal government, including the FRB, federal and state tax policies and budgetary
matters. 

 Residential Real
Estate Loans 

 A principal lending
activity of the Bank is to originate loans secured by first mortgages on one-to-four family residences. The Bank typically originates
residential real estate loans through employees who are commissioned licensed mortgage originators (in accordance with the mortgage lending
compensation guidelines issued by the CFPB). The Bank originates both fixed rate and adjustable rate mortgages. 

 The Bank currently
sells the majority of the fixed rate 30 year residential mortgage loans it originates to the FHLBB under the Mortgage Partnership Finance
Program. The Bank typically retains loan servicing. The Bank retains some fixed rate residential mortgage loans and those loans originated
under its first-time home owner program. 

3 

The retention of adjustable
rate residential mortgage loans in the portfolio and the sale of longer term, fixed rate residential mortgage loans helps reduce the Bank s
exposure to interest rate risk. However, adjustable rate mortgages generally pose credit risks different from the credit risks inherent
in fixed rate loans primarily because as interest rates rise, the underlying debt service payments of the borrowers rise, thereby increasing
the potential for default. Management believes that these risks, which have not had a material adverse effect on the Bank to date, generally
are less onerous than the interest rate risks associated with holding long-term fixed rate loans in the loan portfolio. 

 Commercial Real
Estate Loans 

 The Bank makes commercial
real estate loans for the purpose of allowing borrowers to acquire, develop, construct, improve or refinance commercial real estate where
the property is the primary collateral securing the loan, and the income generated from the property is the primary repayment source.
Office buildings, light industrial, retail facilities or multi-family income properties, normally collateralize commercial real estate
loans. Among the reasons for management s continued emphasis on commercial real estate lending is the desire to invest in assets
with yields which are generally higher than yields on one-to-four family residential mortgage loans and are more sensitive to changes
in interest rates. These loans typically have terms/amortizations of up to ten and twenty-five years, respectively, and interest rates,
which adjust over periods of three to ten years, based on one of various rate indices. 

 Commercial real estate
lending generally poses a greater credit risk than residential mortgage lending to owner-occupants. The repayment of commercial real estate
loans depends on the business and financial condition of the borrower. Economic events and changes in government regulations, which the
Bank and its borrowers do not control, could have an adverse impact on the cash flows generated by properties securing commercial real
estate loans and on the market value of such properties. 

 Construction
Loans 

 The Bank originates
both residential and commercial construction loans. Typically, loans are made to owner-borrowers who will occupy the properties as either
their primary or secondary residence and to licensed and experienced developers for the construction of single-family homes or commercial
properties. 

 The proceeds of commercial
construction loans are disbursed in stages. Bank officers, appraisers and/or independent engineers inspect each project s progress
before additional funds are disbursed to verify that borrowers have completed project phases. 

 Residential construction
loans to owner-borrowers generally convert to a fully amortizing long-term mortgage loan upon completion of construction. The typical
construction phase is generally twelve months. 

 Construction lending,
particularly commercial construction lending, poses greater credit risk than mortgage lending to owner-occupants. The repayment of commercial
construction loans depends on the business, the financial condition of the borrower, and on the economic viability of the project financed.
Economic events and changes in government regulations, which the Bank and its borrowers do not control, could have an adverse impact on
the value of properties securing construction loans and on the borrower s ability to complete projects financed and sell them for
amounts anticipated at the time the projects commenced. 

 Commercial Loans 

 Commercial loans are
generally made on a secured basis and are primarily collateralized by equipment, inventory, accounts receivable and/or leases. Commercial
loans primarily provide working capital, equipment financing, financing for leasehold improvements and financing for expansion. The Bank
offers both term and revolving commercial loans. Term loans have either fixed or adjustable rates of interest and, generally, terms of
between two and seven years. Term loans generally amortize during their life, although some loans require a balloon payment at maturity
if the amortization exceeds seven years. Revolving commercial lines of credit typically are renewable annually and have a floating rate
of interest normally indexed to the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal. 

 Commercial lending
generally poses a higher degree of credit risk than real estate lending. Repayment of both secured and unsecured commercial loans depends
substantially on the success of the borrower s underlying business, financial condition and cash flows. Unsecured loans generally
involve a higher degree of risk of loss than do secured loans because, without collateral, repayment is primarily dependent upon the success
of the borrower s business. 

 Secured commercial
loans are generally collateralized by equipment, inventory, accounts receivable and leases. Compared to real estate, such collateral is
more difficult to monitor, its value is more difficult to validate, it may depreciate more rapidly and it may not be as readily saleable
if repossessed. 

 Consumer Loans 

 The Bank originates
various types of consumer loans, including home equity loans and lines of credit, auto and personal installment loans. Home equity loans
and lines of credit are generally secured by second mortgages placed on one-to-four family owner-occupied properties. Home equity loans
have fixed interest rates, while home equity lines of credit adjust based on the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal. Consumer
loans are originated through the branch network with the exception of Home Equity Lines of Credit, which are originated by licensed Mortgage
Lending Originator staff. 

 Municipal Loans 

 The Bank makes commercial
loans to municipalities and municipal entities (i.e., fire districts, school districts) located within its geographic market area. The
most common loans are one-year interest-only Bond Anticipation Notes. The Bank also makes medium-term amortizing loans (two to seven years)
for acquisition of capital equipment. The Bank has also underwritten several long-term amortizing loans to finance municipal buildings
and infrastructure. These loans, which are unsecured, are general obligations of each municipality backed by its full faith and credit
and taxing authority. Most municipal borrowers maintain a strong deposit relationship with the Bank. Loans to municipalities and municipal
entities are bank-qualified tax-exempt loans and are considered to be a lower credit risk relative to most other commercial loans. 

 Credit Risk Management
and Asset Quality 

 One
of the Bank s key objectives is to maintain a high level of asset quality. The Bank utilizes the following general practices to
manage credit risk: ensuring compliance with prudent written policies; limiting the amount of credit that individual lenders may extend;
establishing a process for credit approval accountability; careful initial underwriting and analysis of borrower, transaction, market
and collateral risks; ongoing servicing of individual loans and lending relationships; continuous monitoring and risk rating of the portfolio,
market dynamics and the economy; and periodically reevaluating the Bank s strategy and overall exposure as economic, market and
other relevant conditions change. 

4 

Credit
Administration is responsible for determining loan loss reserve adequacy and preparing monthly and quarterly reports regarding the credit
quality of the loan portfolio, which are submitted to the Loan Committee to ensure compliance with the credit policy, and managing non-performing
and classified assets as well as oversight of all collection activity. 

 In addition
to loan reviews performed by Credit Administration, loan review activities are also performed by an independent third-party loan review
firm that evaluates the creditworthiness of borrowers and the appropriateness of the Bank s risk rating classifications. The firm s
findings are reported to Credit Administration, Senior Management, and the Board level Loan and Audit Committees. 

 Trust and Wealth Advisory Services 

 The Bank provides a
range of fiduciary services including trust and estate administration, wealth advisory, and investment management to individuals, families,
businesses and institutions. 

 Securities 

 Salisbury s securities
portfolio is structured to diversify the earnings, assets and risk structure of Salisbury, provide liquidity consistent with both projected
and potential needs, collateralize certain types of deposits, assist with maintaining a satisfactory net interest margin and comply with
regulatory capital and liquidity requirements. Types of securities in the portfolio generally include U.S. Government and Agency securities,
mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, corporate bonds and tax-exempt municipal bonds, among others. 

 Sources of Funds 

 The Bank uses deposits,
proceeds from loan and security maturities, repayments and sales, and borrowings to fund lending, investing and general operations. Deposits
represent the Bank s primary source of funds. 

 Deposits 

 The Bank
offers a variety of deposit accounts with a range of interest rates and other terms, which are designed to meet customer financial needs.
Retail and commercial deposits are primarily received through the Bank s banking offices. Additional depositor related services
provided to customers include Landlord/Tenant Lease Security Accounts and Services, Merchant Services, Payroll Services, Cash Management
(Remote Deposit Capture, ACH Origination, Wire Transfers and Positive Pay), ATM, Bank-by-Phone, Internet Banking, Internet Bill Pay, Person
to Person Payments, Bank to Bank Transfers, Mobile Banking with remote deposit, and Online Financial Management with Account Aggregation
Services. 

 The FDIC provides separate insurance coverage
of 250 thousand per depositor for each account ownership category. Deposit flows are significantly influenced by economic conditions,
the general level of interest rates and the relative attractiveness of competing deposit and investment alternatives. When determining
deposit pricing, the Bank considers strategic objectives, competitive market rates, deposit flows, funding commitments and investment
alternatives, FHLBB advance rates and rates on other sources of funds. 

 National,
regional and local economic and credit conditions, changes in competitor money market, savings and time deposit rates, prevailing market
interest rates and competing investment alternatives all have a significant impact on the level of the Bank s deposits. Deposit
generation is a key focus for the Bank as a source of liquidity and to fund continuing asset growth. Competition for deposits has been,
and is expected to, remain strong. 

 Borrowings 

 The Bank is a member
of the FHLBB, which provides credit facilities for regulated, federally insured depository institutions and certain other home financing
institutions. Members of the FHLBB are required to own capital stock in the FHLBB and are authorized to apply for advances on the security
of their FHLBB stock and certain home mortgages and other assets (principally securities, which are obligations of, or guaranteed by,
the United States Government or its agencies) provided certain creditworthiness standards have been met. Under its current credit policies,
the FHLBB limits advances based on a member s assets, total borrowings and net worth. Long-term and short-term FHLBB advances may
be utilized as a source of funding to meet liquidity and planning needs when the cost of these funds is favorable as compared to deposits
or alternate funding sources. 

 Additional funding
sources are available through securities sold under agreements to repurchase and the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. 

 Subsidiaries 

 Salisbury has
one wholly-owned subsidiary, Salisbury Bank and Trust Company. The Bank has two wholly-owned subsidiaries, SBT Mortgage Service Corporation
and S.B.T. Realty, Inc. SBT Mortgage Service Corporation is a passive investment company PIC that holds loans collateralized
by real estate originated or purchased by the Bank. Income of the PIC and its dividends to Salisbury are exempt from the Connecticut
Corporate Business Tax. S.B.T. Realty, Inc. was formed to hold New York state real estate. 

 Human Capital Resources 

 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DEI 

 Salisbury understands
that our human capital is the most valuable asset we have and we are committed to fostering, cultivating and preserving a culture of
diversity, equity and inclusion. The Bank has a DEI Plan and Policy aimed to cultivate and implement strategies to nurture a culture
where talented and committed individuals can thrive. We established a DEI Council comprised of a cross section of employees and senior
level management whose responsibilities include, but are not limited to, creating opportunities for employees to meaningfully engage
with leadership; providing feedback and insight to executive management in support of current and future workforce needs; review of policies,
procedures and processes that may impact DEI efforts; engagement with the communities we serve to promote a greater understanding and
respect for diversity; and maintaining a work environment which embraces a variety of employee characteristics. All employees and directors
are required to complete annual diversity awareness training. The Board of Directors is committed to diversity at the Board level and
currently meets the diversity standards of NASDAQ. 

 Talent 

 Salisbury has been successful in attracting, developing
and retaining qualified and competent staff. There are many factors that contribute to this success, including internships, tuition reimbursement,
career pathing and customized development plans, a variety of training and professional development opportunities, internal job postings,
transfer and promotion opportunities, and a comprehensive Leadership Development Program instituted in 2019. Our workforce turnover rates
have historically been lower than our compensation peer group average. 

5 

Employee Compensation and Benefits 

 The Bank maintains a comprehensive employee benefit
program providing, among other benefits, group medical, dental, and vision insurance, life insurance, disability insurance, a 401k plan,
an employee stock ownership plan ESOP ), short and long-term incentive programs, paid time off including vacation days,
personal days, and paid holidays, and employee recognition programs. The Compensation Committee reviews employee compensation and benefits
against our compensation peer group annually. 

Workplace Health and Safety 

 The COVID-19 pandemic has presented ongoing challenges
since 2021. The safety of our employees, customers and communities continues to be our top priority. Utilizing our Pandemic Planning Policy
and Program, we have implemented proper protocols for safety and business continuity. We have successfully maintained safe operations
and approximately 50 of our staff are able to work remotely without disruption to our business. We continued to serve customers through
our branch lobbies, drive-ups, ATMs, bank-by-appointment, and through the use of our mobile app and online banking services. Since the
start of the pandemic, no employees have been furloughed or laid off, and no employee compensation was reduced. We have a Safety Committee
comprised of employee representatives and senior managers who conduct routine safety inspections, provide safety training, and promote
safe operations. We are proud of our historically low incident rate. 

Culture Initiatives and Community Involvement 

 Our culture is extremely important to us and we seek
to attract qualified individuals whose core values are aligned with that of the organization. We conducted an employee engagement survey
in the fall of 2021 with an astounding 93 participation rate and an overall engagement index of 80 . Our staff value the people they
work with, the flexible work arrangements, advancement opportunities and benefits. It also identified an opportunity to strengthen multi-directional
communication and continue to demonstrate value, recognition and accountability. Salisbury has a longstanding commitment to supporting
the communities we serve, and our staff remains actively engaged in volunteer activities through bank-sponsored events as well as a variety
of community non-profits focused on education, economic development, the arts, and health and human services. They volunteered more than
7,100 hours at close to 200 local organizations. Additionally, the Bank provided monetary support to nearly 200 non-profits during 2022
and collected nearly 3,500 non-perishable food and household items that were donated directly to local community food pantries. The Bank
assisted hundreds of small businesses and their employees through the Paycheck Protection Program PPP with total PPP loan
volume of nearly 150 million. 

Succession Planning 

 The Bank has a robust succession planning process which
includes detailed CEO, Board Chair, and Key Employee succession plans. The plans are updated regularly and are reviewed by senior management
and the Board of Directors annually. 

Pay Equity 

 Fair and equitable salary administration is predicated
on having accurate salary ranges that reflect the relevant labor market. A comprehensive market analysis is conducted and reviewed annually
to ensure that our pay is in line with that of our compensation peer group. In an effort to be transparent and educate our employees,
they each receive a detailed report of their compensation and benefits annually which outlines their total compensation. The bank complies
with Connecticut s requirements for employers to disclose the wage range for vacant positions to both job applicants and existing
employees. 

 Market Area 

 Salisbury and the Bank
are headquartered in Lakeville, Connecticut, which is located in the northwestern quadrant of Connecticut s Litchfield County. The
Bank has a total of fourteen banking offices, four of which are located in Connecticut's Litchfield County; three of which are located
in Massachusetts Berkshire County; five of which are located in New York s Dutchess County, one of which is located in New
York s Ulster County, and one of which is located in New York s Orange County. The Bank s primary deposit gathering
and lending area consists of the communities and surrounding towns that are served by its branch network in these counties. The Bank also
has deposit, lending and trust relationships outside of these areas. 

 Competition 

 The Bank faces strong
competition in attracting and retaining deposits and in making loans. The primary factors in competing for deposits are interest rates,
personalized services, the quality and range of financial services, convenience of office locations, automated services and office hours.
Its most direct competition for deposits and loans has come from other commercial banks, savings institutions and credit unions located
in its market area. Competition for deposits also comes from mutual funds and other investment alternatives, which offer a range of deposit
and deposit-like products. Although the Bank expects this continuing competition to have an effect upon the cost of funds, it does not
anticipate any substantial adverse effect on maintaining the current deposit base. The Bank is competitive within its market area in the
various deposit products it offers to depositors. Due to this fact, management believes the Bank has the ability to maintain its deposit
base. 

 The Bank's competition
for real estate loans comes primarily from mortgage banking companies, savings banks, commercial banks, insurance companies, and other
institutional lenders. The primary factors in competing for loans are interest rates, loan origination fees, the quality and range of
lending services and personalized service. Factors that affect competition include, among others, the general availability of funds and
credit, general and local economic conditions, current interest rate levels and volatility in the mortgage markets. 

 The banking industry
is also experiencing rapid changes in technology. In addition to improving customer services, effective use of technology increases efficiency
and enables financial institutions to reduce costs. Technological advances are likely to increase competition by enabling more companies
to provide cost effective products and services. 

 Regulation and Supervision 

 General 

 Salisbury is required
to file reports and otherwise comply with the rules and regulations of the FRB, the FDIC, the SEC and NASDAQ as well as the state banking
supervisory authorities in Connecticut, New York and Massachusetts. 

 The Bank is subject
to extensive regulation by the CTDOB, as its chartering agency, and by the FDIC, as its primary federal supervisory agency. The Bank
is required to file reports with, and is periodically examined by, the FDIC and the CTDOB concerning its activities and financial condition.
It must obtain regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions, such as mergers. 

6 

The following discussion
of the laws, regulations and policies material to the operations of Salisbury and the Bank is a summary and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to such laws, regulations and policies. Such statutes, regulations and policies are continually under review by Congress
and the Connecticut, New York and Massachusetts State Legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies. Changes in such laws, regulations,
or policies could potentially have a material adverse impact on the banking industry, including Salisbury and the Bank. 

 Bank Holding
Company Regulation 

 SEC and NASDAQ 

 Salisbury is subject
to the rules and regulations of the SEC and is required to comply with the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as administered by the SEC. Salisbury s common stock is
listed on NASDAQ under the trading symbol SAL and, accordingly, Salisbury is also subject to the rules of NASDAQ for listed
companies. 

 Federal Reserve
Board Regulation 

 Salisbury is a registered
bank holding company under the BHCA and is subject to comprehensive regulation and regular examinations by the FRB. The FRB also has extensive
enforcement authority over bank holding companies, including, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, to issue
cease and desist or removal orders and to require that a holding company divest subsidiaries (including its bank subsidiaries). In general,
enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of law and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. 

 Under FRB policy, a
bank holding company must serve as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary bank. Under this policy, Salisbury
is expected to commit resources to support the Bank. The FRB may require a holding company to contribute additional capital to an undercapitalized
subsidiary bank. 

 Bank holding companies
must obtain FRB approval before: (i) acquiring, directly or indirectly, ownership or control of another bank or bank holding company;
(ii) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company; or (iii) merging or consolidating with
another bank holding company. 

 The BHCA also prohibits
a bank holding company, with certain exceptions, from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any company, which is not a
bank or bank holding company, or from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling
banks, or providing services for its subsidiaries. The principal exceptions to these prohibitions involve certain non-bank activities,
which, by statute or by FRB regulation or order, have been identified as activities closely related to the business of banking or managing
or controlling banks. The list of activities permitted by the FRB includes, among other things: (i) operating a savings institution, mortgage
company, finance company, credit card company or factoring company; (ii) performing certain data processing operations; (iii) providing
certain investment and financial advice; (iv) underwriting and acting as an insurance agent for certain types of credit-related insurance;
(v) leasing property on a full-payout, non-operating basis; (vi) selling money orders; (vii) real estate and personal property appraising;
(viii) providing tax planning and preparation services; (ix) financing and investing in certain community development activities; and
(x) subject to certain limitations, providing securities brokerage services for customers. 

 Connecticut Bank
Holding Company Regulation 

 Salisbury
is a Connecticut corporation and is also subject to the Connecticut Business Corporation Act and Connecticut banking law applicable to
Connecticut bank holding companies. Under Connecticut banking law, no person may acquire beneficial ownership of more than 10 of any
class of voting securities of a Connecticut-chartered bank, or any bank holding company of such a bank, without prior notification to,
and lack of disapproval by, the CTDOB. The CTDOB will disapprove the acquisition if the bank or holding company to be acquired has been
in existence for less than five years, unless the CTDOB waives this five-year restriction, or if the acquisition would result in the acquirer
controlling 30 or more of the total amount of deposits in insured depository institutions in Connecticut. Similar restrictions apply
to any person who holds in excess of 10 of any such class and desires to increase its holdings to 25 or more of such class. 

 Dividends 

 Salisbury s dividends
to shareholders are substantially dependent upon Salisbury s receipt of dividends from the Bank. The FRB has issued a policy statement
on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies, which expresses the FRB s view that a bank holding company should be
a source of strength to its bank subsidiary and should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the holding company s
net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the
holding company s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The FRB also indicated its view that, generally,
it would be inappropriate for a company experiencing serious financial problems to borrow funds to pay dividends. Furthermore, the FRB
may prohibit a bank holding company from paying any dividends if the holding company s bank subsidiary is classified as undercapitalized 
or if the dividend would violate applicable law or would be an unsafe or unsound banking practice. 

 Financial Modernization 

 GLBA permits greater
affiliation among banks, securities firms, insurance companies, and other companies under a type of financial services company known as
a financial holding company. A financial holding company essentially is a bank holding company with expanded powers. Financial
holding companies are authorized by statute to engage in a number of financial activities previously impermissible for bank holding companies,
including securities underwriting, dealing and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting
and agency; and merchant banking activities. The act also permits the FRB and the Treasury to authorize additional activities for financial
holding companies if they are financial in nature or incidental to financial activities. A bank holding company
may become a financial holding company if each of its subsidiary banks is well capitalized and well managed 
as defined in the FRB s Regulation Y, and has at least a satisfactory Community Reinvestment Act rating. A financial
holding company must provide notice to the FRB within 30 days after commencing activities previously determined to be permissible by statute
or by the FRB and the Treasury. Salisbury is a registered financial holding company. 

 All financial
institutions are required to establish policies and procedures with respect to the ability of the Bank to share nonpublic customer data
with nonaffiliated parties and to protect customer data from unauthorized access. The Bank has developed policies and procedures, and
believes it is in compliance with all privacy, information sharing, and notification provisions of GLBA and the FACT Act. 

7 

State Banking
Laws and Supervision 

 The Bank is a state-chartered
commercial bank under Connecticut law and as such is subject to regulation and examination by the CTDOB. In addition, because the Bank
operates branch offices in Massachusetts and New York, the Bank is also subject to certain Massachusetts and New York laws and the supervisory
authority of the Massachusetts Division of Banks, and New York Department of Financial Services NYDFS with respect to
its branch offices in Massachusetts and New York, respectively. The approval of the state banking regulators is generally required for,
among other things, the establishment of branch offices and business combination transactions. The CTDOB conducts periodic examinations
of Connecticut-chartered banks. The FDIC also regulates many of the areas regulated by the CTDOB, and federal law may limit some of the
authority provided to Connecticut-chartered banks by Connecticut law. 

 Lending Activities 

 Connecticut banking
laws grant commercial banks broad lending authority. With certain limited exceptions, total secured and unsecured loans made to any one
obligor generally may not exceed 15 of the Bank s equity capital and reserves for loan and lease losses. However, if the loan is
fully secured, such limitations generally may be increased by an additional 10 . 

 Dividends 

 The Bank may pay cash
dividends only out of its net profits. For purposes of this restriction, net profits represents the remainder of all earnings
from current operations. Further, the total amount of all dividends declared by any Connecticut Bank in any year may not exceed the sum
of its net profits for the year in question combined with its retained net profits from the preceding two years, unless the CTDOB approves
the larger dividend. Federal law also prevents the Bank from paying dividends or making other capital distributions that would cause it
to become undercapitalized. The FDIC may also limit a bank s ability to pay dividends based upon safety and soundness
considerations. 

 Powers 

 Connecticut law permits
Connecticut banks to sell insurance and fixed and variable-rate annuities if licensed to do so by the Connecticut Insurance Department.
With the prior approval of the CTDOB, Connecticut banks are also authorized to engage in a broad range of activities related to the business
of banking, or that are financial in nature or that are permitted under the BHCA, other federal statutes, or the regulations promulgated
pursuant to these statutes. Connecticut banks generally are also authorized to engage in any activity permitted for a federal bank or
upon filing prior written notice of its intention to engage in such activity with the CTDOB, unless the CTDOB disapproves the activity. 

 Assessments 

 Connecticut banks are
required to pay assessments to the CTDOB based upon a bank s asset size to fund the CTDOB s operations. The assessments are
generally made annually. 

 Enforcement Authority 

 Under Connecticut law,
the CTDOB has extensive enforcement authority over Connecticut banks and, under certain circumstances, affiliated parties, insiders, and
agents. The CTDOB s enforcement authority includes cease and desist orders, fines, receivership, conservatorship, removal of officers
and directors, emergency closures, dissolution and liquidation. 

 New York and Massachusetts
Banking Laws and Supervision 

 The Bank conducts activities
and operates branch offices in New York and Massachusetts as well as Connecticut. Generally, with respect to its business in New York
and Massachusetts, the Bank may conduct any activity that is authorized under Connecticut law that is permissible for either New York
or Massachusetts state banks or for an out-of-state national bank, at its New York and Massachusetts branch offices, respectively. The
New York State Superintendent of Financial Services may exercise regulatory authority with respect to the Bank s New York branch
offices. The Bank is subject to certain rules related to community reinvestment, consumer protection, fair lending, establishment of intra-state
branches and the conduct of banking activities with respect to its branches located in New York State. The Massachusetts Commissioner
of Banks may exercise similar authority, and the Bank is subject to similar rules under Massachusetts Banking Law with respect to the
Bank s Massachusetts branch offices. Federal and state laws authorize the interstate merger of banks. Among other things, banks
may establish new branches on an interstate basis provided that such action is specifically authorized by the law of the host state. 

 Federal Regulations 

 Capital Requirements 

 Under FDIC regulations,
federally insured state-chartered banks, such as the Bank, that are not members of the Federal Reserve System state non-member
banks are required to comply with the following minimum leverage capital requirements: common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based
assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-based assets of 8.0 , and a 4.0 Tier
1 capital to total assets leverage ratio. The existing capital requirements became effective January 1, 2015 and are the result of a
final rule implementing regulatory amendments based on recommendations of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain requirements
of the Dodd-Frank Act. Common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders equity and retained earnings.
Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain
noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total
capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised
of capital instruments and related surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term
perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier
2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that
have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI ), up to 45 
of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. The Bank chose the opt-out
election. Institutions that have not exercised the AOCI opt-out have AOCI incorporated into common equity Tier 1 capital (including unrealized
gains and losses on available-for-sale securities). Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments
specified in the regulations. 

8 

The FDIC regulations
require state non-member banks to maintain certain levels of regulatory capital in relation to regulatory risk-weighted assets. The ratio
of regulatory capital to regulatory risk-weighted assets is referred to as a bank s risk-based capital ratio. Risk-based
capital ratios are determined by allocating assets and specified off-balance sheet items (including recourse obligations, direct credit
substitutes and residual interests) to risk-weighted categories ranging from 0 to 1,250 , with higher levels of capital being required
for the categories perceived as representing greater risk. 

 In addition to establishing
the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management
if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. 

 In assessing an institution s
capital adequacy, the FDIC takes into consideration not only these numeric factors, but qualitative factors as well, and has the authority
to establish higher capital requirements for individual institutions where deemed necessary. As a bank holding company, the Company is
also subject to regulatory capital requirements, as described in a subsequent section. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank met its capital
requirements and the most recent notification from the FDIC categorized the Bank as well-capitalized. There are no conditions
or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank s category. 

 Prompt Corrective Regulatory
Action 

 Federal law requires,
among other things, that federal bank regulatory authorities take prompt corrective action with respect to banks that do
not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the law establishes five capital categories: 

Well capitalized at least 5 leverage capital, 6.5 Common Equity
Tier 1 capital, 8 Tier 1 risk-based capital and 10 total risk-based capital. 

Adequately capitalized at least 4 leverage capital, 4.5 Common
Equity Tier 1 capital, 6 Tier 1 risk-based capital and 8 total risk-based capital. 

Undercapitalized less than 4 leverage capital, 4.5 Common Equity
Tier 1 capital, 6 Tier 1 risk-based capital and 8 total risk-based capital. Undercapitalized banks must adhere to growth,
capital distribution (including dividend) and other limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. A bank s
compliance with such a plan is required to be guaranteed by any company that controls the undercapitalized institution in an amount equal
to the lesser of 5 of the institution s total assets when deemed undercapitalized or the amount necessary to achieve the status
of adequately capitalized. 

Significantly undercapitalized less than 3 leverage capital, 3 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital, 4 Tier 1 risk-based capital and 6 total risk-based capital. Significantly undercapitalized 
banks must comply with one or more of a number of additional restrictions, including but not limited to an order by the FDIC to sell sufficient
voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, cease receipt of deposits from correspondent banks
or dismiss directors or officers, and restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, compensation of executive officers and capital
distributions by the parent holding company. 

Critically undercapitalized less than 2 tangible capital. Critically
undercapitalized institutions are subject to additional measures including, subject to a narrow exception, the appointment of a
receiver or conservator within 270 days after it obtains such status. 

Transactions with
Affiliates 

 Under federal law,
transactions between depository institutions and their affiliates are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the FRA. In a holding company
structure, at a minimum, the parent holding company of a bank, and any companies that are controlled by such parent holding company, are
deemed affiliates of its subsidiary bank. Generally, Sections 23A and 23B are intended to protect insured depository institutions from
suffering losses arising from transactions with non-insured affiliates by limiting the extent to which a bank or its subsidiaries may
engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate and with all affiliates of the bank in the aggregate, and by requiring that such
transactions be on terms that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices. 

 The FRA and Regulation
O impose restrictions on loans to directors, executive officers, and principal shareholders insiders ). Loans to insiders
and their related interests may not exceed, together with all other outstanding loans to such persons and affiliated entities, the institution s
total capital and surplus. Loans to insiders above specified amounts must receive the prior approval of the board of directors and must
be made on terms substantially the same as offered in comparable transactions to other persons. The FRA imposes additional limitations
on loans to executive officers. 

 Enforcement 

 The FDIC has extensive
enforcement authority over insured banks, including the Bank. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to
assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders and remove directors and officers. In general, these enforcement actions may
be initiated in response to violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. 

 Standards for
Safety and Soundness 

 The FDIC, together
with the other federal bank regulatory agencies, prescribe standards of safety and soundness by regulations or guidelines, relating generally
to operations and management, asset growth, asset quality, earnings, stock valuation and compensation. The federal bank regulatory agencies
have adopted a set of guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards, which establish general standards relating to internal controls
and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, and compensation,
fees and benefits. In general, the guidelines require, among other things, appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the
risks and exposures specified in the guidelines. The guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and
describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive
officer, employee, director or principal shareholder. In addition, the federal bank regulatory agencies adopted regulations that authorize,
but do not require, the agencies to order an institution that has been given notice that it is not satisfying the safety and soundness
guidelines to submit a compliance plan. The federal bank regulatory agencies have also adopted guidelines for asset quality and earning
standards. As a state-chartered bank, the Bank is also subject to state statutes, regulations and guidelines relating to safety and soundness,
in addition to the federal requirements. 

9 

Insurance of
Deposit Accounts 

 The
Bank s deposit accounts are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF of the FDIC up to applicable legal limits
(generally, 250 thousand per depositor for each account ownership category and 250 thousand for certain retirement plan accounts) and
are subject to deposit insurance assessments. The FDIC insurance coverage limit applies per depositor, per insured depository institution
for each account ownership category. 

 The FDIC
utilizes a risk-based assessment system that imposes insurance premiums based upon a risk matrix that considers a bank s capital
level and supervisory rating. The FDIC assigns an institution to one of the following capital categories based on the institution s
financial condition consisting of (1) well capitalized, (2) adequately capitalized or (3) undercapitalized, and one of three supervisory
subcategories within each capital group. The supervisory subgroup to which an institution is assigned is based on a supervisory evaluation
by the institution s primary federal regulator and information which the FDIC determines to be relevant to the institution s
financial condition and the risk posed to the deposit insurance funds. An institution s assessment rate depends on the capital category
and supervisory category to which it is assigned. 

 FDIC insured
institutions are required to pay assessments to the FDIC to fund the DIF. The Bank s current annual assessment rate is approximately
3.61 basis points of average total assets less average tangible equity. The assessment rate is adjusted quarterly to reflect changes in
the assessment bases of the DIF based on quarterly Call Report submissions. From time to time, the FDIC may impose a supplemental
special assessment in addition to other special assessments and regular premium rates to replenish the DIF during periods of economic
difficulty. The amount of an emergency special assessment imposed on a bank will be determined by the FDIC if such amount is necessary
to provide sufficient assessment income to repay amounts borrowed from the Treasury; to provide sufficient assessment income to repay
obligations issued to and other amounts borrowed from insured depository institutions; or for any other purpose the FDIC may deem necessary. 

 The FDIC may terminate
insurance of deposits, after notice and a hearing, if it finds that the institution is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations,
has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC.
The management of the Bank does not know of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of deposit insurance. 

 The Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act 

 The Dodd-Frank Act,
enacted in July 2010, significantly changed the bank regulatory landscape and has impacted lending, deposit, investment, trading and operating
activities of financial institutions and their holding companies. The Dodd-Frank Act revised the statutory authorities governing the FDIC s
management of the DIF. The Dodd-Frank Act granted the FDIC new DIF management tools: maintaining a positive fund balance even during a
banking crisis and maintaining moderate, steady assessment rates throughout economic and credit cycles. 

 Among other things,
the Dodd-Frank Act: (1) raised the minimum Designated Reserve Ratio DRR ), which the FDIC must set each year, to 1.35 (from
the former minimum of 1.15 and removed the upper limit on the DRR (which was formerly capped at 1.5 and therefore on the size of the
DIF; (2) required that the DIF reserve ratio reach 1.35 by September 30, 2020 (rather than 1.15 by the end of 2016, as formerly required);
(3) required that, in setting assessments, the FDIC offset the effect of requiring that the reserve ratio reach 1.35 by September 30,
2020 (rather than 1.15 by the end of 2016) on insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion;
(4) eliminated the requirement that the FDIC provide dividends from the Fund when the reserve ratio is between 1.35 and 1.50 ; and (5)
continued the FDIC s authority to declare dividends when the reserve ratio at the end of a calendar year is at least 1.50 , but
granted the FDIC sole discretion in determining whether to suspend or limit the declaration or payment of dividends. 

 The Dodd-Frank Act
also required that the FDIC amend its regulations to redefine the assessment base used for calculating deposit insurance assessments.
Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the assessment base must, with some possible exceptions, equal average consolidated total assets minus average
tangible equity. 

 The FDIC amended 12
CFR 327 to implement revisions to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act made by the Dodd-Frank Act by modifying the definition of an institution s
deposit insurance assessment base; to change the assessment rate adjustments; to revise the deposit insurance assessment rate schedules
in light of the new assessment base and altered adjustments; to implement the Dodd-Frank Act s dividend provisions; to revise the
large insured depository institution assessment system to better differentiate for risk and better take into account losses from large
institution failures that the FDIC may incur; and to make technical and other changes to the FDIC's assessment rules. The FDIC Board of
Directors adopted the final rule, which redefined the deposit insurance assessment base as required by the Dodd-Frank Act; made changes
to assessment rates; implemented the Dodd-Frank Act s DIF dividend provisions; and revised the risk-based assessment system for
all large insured depository institutions, generally, those institutions with at least 10 billion in total assets. Nearly all institutions
with assets less than 10 billion, including the Bank, have benefited from a reduction in their assessments as a result of this final
rule. 

 The Dodd-Frank Act
requires publicly traded companies to give shareholders a non-binding vote of executive compensation at least every three (3) years. The
legislation also authorizes the SEC to prohibit broker discretion on any voting on election of directors, executive compensation matters,
and any other significant matter. 

 The
Dodd-Frank Act also adopts various mortgage lending and predatory lending provisions and requires loan originators to retain 5 of any
loan sold and securitized, unless it is a qualified residential mortgage, which includes standard 30 and 15-year fixed rate
loans. 

 The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the
 Economic Growth Act ), which was enacted in May 2018, repealed or modified several provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Certain
key provisions of the Economic Growth Act and its implementing regulations include: 

Eliminating supervisory stress testing and company run stress
testing for bank holding companies with less than 250 billion in assets; 

Prohibiting federal banking regulators from imposing higher
capital standards on High Volatility Commercial Real Estate exposures unless they are for acquisition, development, or construction; 

Exempting from appraisal requirements certain transactions
involving real property in rural areas and valued at less than 400,000; and 

Requiring the CFPB to provide guidance on how the Truth in
Lending Act-Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act Integrated Disclosure applies to mortgage assumption transactions and construction-to-permanent
home loans, as well as the extent to which lenders can rely on model disclosures that do not reflect recent regulatory changes. 

10 

Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau 

 The Dodd-Frank Act
created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ). As required by the Dodd-Frank Act, jurisdiction for all existing
consumer protection laws and regulations has been transferred to the CFPB. In addition, the CFPB is granted authority to promulgate new
consumer protection regulations for banks and nonbank financial firms offering consumer financial services or products to ensure that
consumers are protected from unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices. 

 Salisbury is subject
to a number of federal and state laws designed to protect borrowers and promote lending to various sectors of the economy and population.
These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure
Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, various state law counterparts, and the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, which
constitutes part of the Dodd-Frank Act and establishes the CFPB, as described above. 

 The CFPB issued a final
rule implementing the ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage QM provisions of the Truth in Lending Act, as amended by
the Dodd-Frank Act (the QM Rule ), which became effective on January 10, 2014. The ability-to-repay provision requires creditors
to make reasonable, good faith determinations that borrowers are able to repay their mortgages before extending the credit based on a
number of factors and consideration of financial information about the borrower from reasonably reliable third-party documents. Under
the Dodd-Frank Act and the QM Rule, loans meeting the definition of qualified mortgage are entitled to a presumption that
the lender satisfied the ability-to-repay requirements. The presumption is a conclusive presumption/safe harbor for prime loans meeting
the QM requirements and a rebuttable presumption for higher-priced/subprime loans meeting the QM requirements. The definition of a qualified
mortgage incorporates the statutory requirements, such as not allowing negative amortization or terms longer than 30 years. The
QM Rule also adds an explicit maximum 43 debt-to-income ratio limit for borrowers if the loan is to meet the QM definition, with some
exceptions. 

 The CARES Act and Initiatives Related to COVID-19 

 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the CARES Act
was signed into law on March 27, 2020 to provide national emergency economic relief measures. Many of the CARES Act s programs
are dependent upon the direct involvement of U.S. financial institutions, such as the Bank, and have been implemented through rules and
guidance adopted by federal departments and agencies, including the U.S. Department of Treasury, the Federal Reserve and other federal
banking agencies, including those with direct supervisory jurisdiction over Salisbury. It is possible that Congress will enact supplementary
COVID-19 response legislation, including amendments to the CARES Act or new bills comparable in scope to the CARES Act. 

 Paycheck Protection Program. Section 1102
of the CARES Act created the Program Protection Program (PPP), a program administered by the SBA to provide loans to small businesses
for payroll and other basic expenses during the COVID-19 pandemic. The Bank participated in the PPP as a lender and has approximately
 0.3 million of such loans on its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

 Federal Reserve
System 

 Historically, all
depository institutions must hold a percentage of certain types of deposits as reserves. Reserve requirements generally are assessed on
the depository institution's net transaction accounts (mostly checking accounts). Depository institutions must also regularly submit deposit
reports of their deposits and other reservable liabilities. Effective March 26, 2020, the FRB reduced reserve requirement ratios to 0 ,
thus eliminating reserve requirements for all depository institutions at least temporarily. 

 Federal Home Loan
Bank System 

 The Bank is a member
of the Boston region of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The FHLBB provides a
central credit facility primarily for member institutions. Member institutions are required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock
in the FHLBB calculated periodically based primarily on its level of borrowings from the FHLBB. The Bank was in compliance with this requirement.
At December 31, 2022, the Bank had FHLBB stock of 1.3 million, outstanding FHLBB advances and letters of credit of 10.0 million and
 20.0 million, respectively. 

 No market
exists for shares of the FHLBB and, therefore, they are carried at par value. FHLBB stock may be redeemed at par value five years following
termination of FHLBB membership, subject to limitations which may be imposed by the FHLBB or its regulator, the Federal Housing Finance
Board, to maintain capital adequacy of the FHLBB. While the Bank currently has no intentions to terminate its FHLBB membership, the ability
to redeem its investment in FHLBB stock would be subject to the conditions imposed by the FHLBB. 

 Other Regulations 

 Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

 The stated goals of
SOX are to increase corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly
traded companies and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities
laws. 

 SOX includes very
specific disclosure requirements and corporate governance rules, requires the SEC and securities exchanges to adopt extensive additional
disclosure, corporate governance and other related rules, and mandates further studies of certain issues by the SEC and the Comptroller
General. SOX represents significant federal involvement in matters traditionally left to state regulatory systems, such as the regulation
of the accounting profession, and to state corporate law, such as the relationship between a board of directors and management and between
a board of directors and its committees. 

 SOX addresses,
among other matters, audit committees; certification of financial statements and internal controls by the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer; the forfeiture of bonuses or other incentive-based compensation and profits from the sale of an issuer s
securities by directors and senior officers in the twelve-month period following initial publication of any financial statements that
later require restatement; a prohibition on insider trading during pension plan black-out periods; disclosure of off-balance sheet transactions;
a prohibition on certain loans to directors and officers; expedited filing requirements for Forms 4; disclosure of a code of ethics and
filing a Form 8-K for significant changes or waivers of such code; real time filing of periodic reports; the formation
of a Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; auditor independence; and various increased criminal penalties for violations of securities
laws. The SEC has enacted rules to implement various provisions of SOX. 

11 

On March 12, 2020
the Securities and Exchange Commission finalized amendments to the definitions of accelerated and large accelerated
filer . The categorization of accelerated or large accelerated filer determines the requirement for
a public company to obtain auditor attestation of its internal control over financial reporting. Salisbury meets the new definition of
a non-accelerated filer and as such, as of December 31, 2020, the Bank was no longer subject to section 404(b) of SOX, which
requires public companies' annual reports to include the company's own assessment of internal control over financial reporting, and an
auditor's attestation. 

 USA PATRIOT Act 

 Under the USA PATRIOT
Act, all financial institutions are required to take certain measures to identify their customers, prevent money laundering, monitor customer
transactions and report suspicious activity to U.S. law enforcement agencies. Financial institutions also are required to respond to requests
for information from federal banking regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies. Information sharing among financial institutions
for the above purposes is encouraged by an exemption granted to complying financial institutions from the privacy provisions of GLBA and
other privacy laws. Financial institutions that hold correspondent accounts for foreign banks or provide private banking services to foreign
individuals are required to take measures to avoid dealing with certain foreign individuals or entities, including foreign banks with
profiles that raise money laundering concerns, and are prohibited from dealing with foreign shell banks and persons from
jurisdictions of particular concern. The primary federal banking regulators and the Secretary of the Treasury have adopted regulations
to implement several of these provisions. All financial institutions are also required to establish internal anti-money laundering programs.
The effectiveness of a financial institution in combating money laundering activities is a factor to be considered in any application
submitted by the financial institution under the Bank Merger Act or the BHCA. Salisbury has in place a Bank Secrecy Act and USA PATRIOT
Act compliance program, and has implemented internal practices, procedures, and controls to comply with anti-money laundering requirements. 

 Community Reinvestment
Act and Fair Lending Laws 

 The Bank has a
responsibility under the CRA to help meet the credit needs of our communities, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA
does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion
to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA.
In connection with its examination, the FDIC assesses the Bank s record of compliance with the CRA. In addition, the Equal Credit
Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act prohibit discrimination in lending practices on the basis of characteristics specified in those
statutes. The Bank s failure to comply with the provisions of the CRA could, at a minimum, result in regulatory restrictions on
our activities. The Bank s failure to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act could result in enforcement
actions against the Bank by the FDIC as well as other federal regulatory agencies and the Department of Justice. The Bank s most
recent FDIC CRA rating was satisfactory. 

 The Electronic
Funds Transfer Act, Regulation E and Related Laws 

 The Electronic Funds
Transfer Act (the EFTA provides a basic framework for establishing the rights, liabilities, and responsibilities of consumers
who use electronic funds transfer EFT systems. The EFTA is implemented by the Federal Reserve's Regulation E, which governs
transfers initiated through ATMs, point-of-sale terminals, payroll cards, automated clearing house ACH transactions, telephone
bill-payment plans, or remote banking services. Regulation E requires consumers to opt in (affirmatively consent) to participation in
a bank's overdraft service program for ATM and one-time debit card transactions before overdraft fees may be assessed on the consumer s
account. Notice of the opt-in right must be provided to all new customers who are consumers, and the customer's affirmative consent must
be obtained, before charges may be assessed on the consumer's account for paying such overdrafts. 

 Regulation E also provides
bank customers with an ongoing right to revoke consent to participation in an overdraft service program for ATM and one-time debit card
transactions and prohibits banks from conditioning the payment of overdrafts for checks, ACH transactions, or other types of transactions
that overdraw the consumer's account on the consumer's opting into an overdraft service for ATM and one-time debit card transactions.
For customers who do not affirmatively consent to overdraft service for ATM and one-time debit card transactions, a bank must provide
those customers with the same account terms, conditions, and features that it provides to consumers who do affirmatively consent, except
for the overdraft service for ATM and one-time debit card transactions. Salisbury does not provide an overdraft service with respect to
one time point-of-sale or ATM transactions. 

 Future Legislative
Initiatives 

 In light of the recent
changes in the composition of Congress and many state legislatures, it is anticipated that state legislatures and financial regulatory
agencies will introduce various legislative and regulatory initiatives that may impact the financial services industry, generally. Such
initiatives may include proposals to expand or contract the powers of bank holding companies and/or depository institutions or proposals
to substantially change the financial institution regulatory system. Such legislation could change banking statutes and the operating
environment of Salisbury in significant and unpredictable ways. For example, if enacted, such legislation could increase or decrease the
cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities, or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit
unions, and other financial institutions. Salisbury cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted, and, if enacted, what
effects that such legislation would have on the financial condition or results of operations of Salisbury. A change in statutes, regulations,
or regulatory policies applicable to Salisbury or any of its subsidiaries could have a material effect on the business of Salisbury. 

 Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 

 The Consolidated
Financial Statements and their Notes presented within this document have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require the measurement
of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollar amounts without considering changes in the relative purchasing
power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of Salisbury s operations.
Unlike the assets and liabilities of industrial companies, nearly all of the assets and liabilities of Salisbury are monetary in nature.
As a result, interest rates have a greater impact on Salisbury s performance than do the effects of general levels of inflation.
Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. 

 Availability of Securities and Exchange Commission Filings 

 Salisbury makes
available free of charge on its website (salisburybank.com) under shareholder relations a link to its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Such
reports filed with the SEC are also available on its website (www.sec.gov). Information about accessing company filings can be obtained
by calling 1-800-SEC-0330. Information on Salisbury s website is not incorporated by reference into this report. Investors are
encouraged to access these reports and the other information about Salisbury s business and operations on its website. Copies of
these filings may also be obtained from Salisbury free of charge upon request. 

12 

Guide 3 Statistical Disclosure by Bank Holding Companies 

 The following information
required by Subpart 229.1400 of Regulation S-K is located on the pages noted below. 

Page 
 
 I. 
 Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential 
 21-22, 26-35 
 
 II. 
 Investment in Debt Securities 
 26, 52-54 
 
 III. 
 Loan Portfolio 
 26-31, 55-60 
 
 IV. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 23, 55-60 
 
 V. 
 Deposits 
 31-32, 62-63 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 

 Salisbury is the registered
bank holding company for the Bank, its wholly-owned subsidiary. Salisbury's business and activity are currently limited to the holding
of the Bank's outstanding capital stock, and the Bank is Salisbury's primary investment. 

 An investment in Salisbury
common stock entails certain risks, some of which are inherent in the financial services industry and others of which are more specific
to the Bank s business. Salisbury considers the most significant factors of which we are aware affecting risk in Salisbury common
stock as those that are set forth below. These are not the only risks to which an investment in Salisbury common stock is subject, and
none of the factors set forth below relates to the personal circumstances of individual investors. Investors should read this entire Form
10-K, as well as other documents and exhibits that are incorporated by reference in the 10-K and that have been filed with the SEC, in
order to better understand these risks and to evaluate investment in Salisbury common stock. 

 Changes in interest rates and spreads could have a negative impact
on earnings and financial condition. 

 Salisbury s earnings
and financial condition are dependent to a large degree upon net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned from
loans and investments and interest paid on deposits and borrowings. The narrowing of interest rate spreads, meaning the difference between
interest rates earned on loans and investments, and the interest rates paid on deposits and borrowings, could adversely affect Salisbury s
earnings and financial condition. Salisbury cannot predict with certainty or control changes in interest rates. Global, national, regional,
and local economic conditions and the policies of regulatory authorities, including monetary policies of the FRB, affect interest income
and interest expense. Salisbury has ongoing policies and procedures designed to manage the risks associated with changes in market interest
rates. 

 However, changes in
interest rates still may have an adverse effect on Salisbury s profitability. For example, high interest rates could also affect
the volume o f loans that Salisbury originates, because higher rates could cause customers
to apply for fewer mortgages, or cause depositors to shift funds from accounts that have a comparatively lower rate, to accounts with
a higher rate, or experience customer attrition due to competitor pricing or disintermediation. If the cost of interest-bearing deposits
increases at a rate greater than the yields on interest-earning assets increase, net interest income will be negatively affected. Changes
in the asset and liability mix may also affect net interest income. Similarly, lower interest rates cause higher yielding assets to prepay
and floating or adjustable rate assets to reset to lower rates. If Salisbury is not able to reduce its funding costs sufficiently, due
to either competitive factors or the maturity schedule of existing liabilities, then Salisbury s net interest margin would likely
decline. 

 Financial stress on borrowers could reduce
Salisbury s net income and profitability. 

 Financial stress on
borrowers as a result of job losses, or other factors, could have further adverse effects on borrowers that result in higher delinquencies
and greater charge-offs in future periods beyond that which is provided for in Salisbury s allowance for loan losses, which would
adversely affect Salisbury s financial condition or results of operations. 

 Fluctuations in economic conditions and collateral values could
impact the adequacy of Salisbury s allowance for loan losses. 

 Salisbury s business
is subject to periodic fluctuations based on national and local economic conditions. These fluctuations are not predictable, cannot be
controlled and may have a material adverse impact on Salisbury s operations and financial condition. For example, declines in housing
activity including declines in building permits, housing sales and home prices may make it more difficult for Salisbury s borrowers
to sell their homes or refinance their debt. Slow sales could strain the resources of real estate developers and builders. The ongoing
economic uncertainty has affected employment levels and could impact the ability of Salisbury s borrowers to service their debt.
Bank regulatory agencies also periodically review Salisbury s allowance for loan losses and may require an increase in the provision
for credit losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. In addition,
if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for loan losses Salisbury will need additional provisions to increase the allowance
for loan losses. Any increases in the allowance for loan losses will result in a decrease in net income and, possibly, capital, and may
have a material adverse effect on Salisbury s financial condition and results of operations. Salisbury may suffer higher loan losses
as a result of these factors and the resulting impact on its borrowers. 

 Credit market conditions may impact Salisbury s investments. 

 Significant credit
market anomalies may impact the valuation and liquidity of Salisbury s investment securities. Illiquidity could reduce the market
value of Salisbury s investments, even those with no apparent credit exposure. The valuation of Salisbury s investments requires
judgment, and as market conditions change investment values may also change. 

 Salisbury s securities portfolio performance
in difficult market conditions could have adverse effects on Salisbury s results of operations. 

 Under GAAP, Salisbury
is required to review Salisbury s investment portfolio periodically for the presence of other-than-temporary impairment of its
securities, taking into consideration current market conditions, the extent and nature of changes in fair value, issuer rating changes
and trends, volatility of earnings, current analysts evaluations, Salisbury s ability and intent to hold investments until
a recovery of amortized cost, as well as other factors. Adverse developments with respect to one or more of the foregoing factors may
require Salisbury to deem particular securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired, with the credit related portion of the reduction
in the value recognized as a charge to Salisbury s earnings. Market volatility may make it extremely difficult to value certain
securities of Salisbury. Subsequent valuations, in light of factors prevailing at that time, may result in significant changes in the
values of these securities in future periods. Any of these factors could require Salisbury to recognize further impairments in the value
of Salisbury s securities portfolio, which may have an adverse effect on Salisbury s results of operations in future periods. 

13 

If the goodwill
that Salisbury has recorded in connection with its acquisitions becomes impaired, it could have a negative impact on Salisbury s
profitability. 

 Applicable accounting
standards require that the acquisition method of accounting be used for all business combinations. Under acquisition accounting, if the
purchase price of an acquired company exceeds the fair value of the acquired company s net assets, the excess is carried on the
acquirer s balance sheet as goodwill. At December 31, 2022, Salisbury had 13.8 million of goodwill on its balance sheet. Salisbury
must evaluate goodwill for impairment at least annually. Write-downs of the amount of any impairment, if necessary, are to be charged
to the results of operations in the period in which the impairment occurs. There can be no assurance that future evaluations of goodwill
will not result in findings of impairment and related write-downs, which may have a material adverse effect on Salisbury s financial
condition and results of operations. 

 Salisbury s ability to pay dividends substantially depends
upon its receipt of dividends from the Bank. 

 Cash dividends from
the Bank and Salisbury s liquid assets are the principal sources of funds for paying cash dividends on Salisbury s common
stock. Unless Salisbury receives dividends from the Bank or chooses to use its liquid assets, it may not be able to pay dividends. The
Bank s ability to pay dividends to Salisbury is subject to its condition and profitability as well as its regulatory requirements. 

 Strong competition within Salisbury s market areas may limit
growth and profitability. 

 Competition in the
banking and financial services industry is intense. Salisbury competes with commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage
firms, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, and brokerage and investment banking firms operating locally
and elsewhere. As Salisbury grows, it may expand into contiguous market areas where it may not be as well-known as other institutions
that have been operating in those areas for some time. In addition, larger banking institutions may become increasingly active in Salisbury s
market areas, may have substantially greater resources and lending limits and may offer certain services that Salisbury does not, or cannot
efficiently, provide. Salisbury s profitability depends upon its continued ability to successfully compete in its market areas.
The greater resources and deposit and loan products offered by some competitors may limit its ability to grow profitably. 

 Salisbury and the
Bank are subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. 

 Salisbury and the Bank
are subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors 
funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole, not shareholders. These regulations affect Salisbury s
lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, and dividend policy and growth, among other things. State and federal legislatures
and regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Changes to statutes, regulations
or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect Salisbury
in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject Salisbury to additional costs, limit the types of financial services
and products it may offer and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things.
Failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties and/or reputation
damage, which could have a material adverse effect on Salisbury s business, financial condition and results of operations. While
Salisbury has policies and procedures designed to prevent any such violations, there can be no assurance that such violations will not
occur. See the section captioned Regulation and Supervision in Item 1 of this report for further information. 

 Salisbury s stock price may be volatile. 

 Salisbury s stock
is inactively traded and its stock price may fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors including: 

Actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results 

Recommendations by securities analysts 

New technology used, or services offered, by competitors 

Significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships,
joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving Salisbury or Salisbury s competitors 

Failure to integrate acquisitions or realize anticipated benefits from acquisitions 

Operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem
comparable to Salisbury 

News reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial
services industry 

Changes in government regulations 

Geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism or military
conflicts 

Changes in the economic environment of the market areas the Bank serves 

General market fluctuations,
industry factors and general economic and political conditions and events, such as economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes,
credit loss trends or currency fluctuations could also cause Salisbury s stock price to decrease regardless of Salisbury s
operating results. As a result, such change could adversely affect the liquidity of the market for Salisbury s shares and reduce
trading. 

 Salisbury s ability to attract and retain skilled personnel
may impact its success. 

 Salisbury s
success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key people. Competition for people with specialized knowledge and
skills can be intense, and Salisbury may not be able to hire people or to retain them. The unexpected loss of services of one or more
of Salisbury s key personnel could have a material adverse impact on the business because of their skills, knowledge of the market,
years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 

14 

Salisbury continually encounters technological change. 

 The financial
services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products
and services as well as the emergence of online bank competitors. The effective use of technology can increase efficiency and enable
financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. However, some new technologies needed to compete effectively result
in incremental operating costs. Salisbury s future success depends, in part, upon its ability to address the needs of its customers
by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies
in operations. Many of Salisbury s competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. Salisbury
may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and
services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could
have a material adverse impact on Salisbury s business and, in turn, its financial condition and results of operations. 

 A failure involving controls and procedures may have an adverse
effect on Salisbury. 

 Management regularly
reviews and updates Salisbury s internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures.
Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of the controls and procedures or failure
to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on Salisbury s business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

 If customer information was to be misappropriated
and used fraudulently, due to a breach of our systems, or those of third-party vendors or service providers, including as a result of
cyberattacks, Salisbury could be exposed to potential liability and reputation risk as well as increased costs. 

 Risk of theft of customer
information resulting from security breaches by third parties exposes banks to reputation risk and potential monetary loss. Like other
financial institutions, Salisbury has exposure to fraudulent misuse of its customers personal information resulting from its general
business operations through loss or theft of the information and through misappropriation of information by third parties in connection
with customer use of financial instruments, such as debit cards. 

 In addition, Salisbury
relies upon a variety of computing platforms and networks over the internet for the purposes of data processing, communications and information
exchange. Despite the safeguards instituted by Salisbury, any system is susceptible to a breach of security. In addition, Salisbury relies
on the services of a variety of third-party vendors to meet Salisbury s data processing and communication needs. The occurrence
of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of Salisbury s information systems or that of its vendors could damage Salisbury s
reputation, result in a loss of customer business or expose Salisbury to civil litigation and possible financial loss. Such costs and/or
losses could materially impact Salisbury s earnings. 

 Changes in accounting standards can materially impact Salisbury s
financial statements. 

 Salisbury s accounting
policies and methods are fundamental to how Salisbury records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. From time
to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board or regulatory authorities change the financial accounting and reporting standards that
govern the preparation of Salisbury s financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how Salisbury
records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, Salisbury could be required to apply a new or revised
standard retroactively, resulting in Salisbury restating prior period financial statements. 

 Changes and interpretations of tax laws and regulations may adversely
impact Salisbury s financial statements. 

 Local, state or federal
tax authorities may interpret tax laws and regulations differently than Salisbury and challenge tax positions that Salisbury has taken
on its tax returns. This may result in the disallowance of deductions or differences in the timing of deductions and result in the payment
of additional taxes, interest or penalties that could materially affect Salisbury s performance. 

 In addition, changes
in tax law may adversely affect Salisbury s lending business and performance, especially those provisions regarding the deductibility
of residential mortgage interest and state property taxes. 

 Salisbury may be
adversely impacted by the discontinuance of LIBOR as a short-term interest rate utilized for certain financing agreements. 

 In July 2017, the Financial
Conduct Authority (the authority that regulates LIBOR) announced it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation
of LIBOR after 2021. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC has proposed that the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR is the rate that represents best practice as the alternative to USD-LIBOR for use in derivatives and other financial
contracts that are currently indexed to USD-LIBOR. ARRC has proposed a paced market transition plan to SOFR from USD-LIBOR and organizations
are currently working on industry wide and company-specific transition plans as it relates to derivatives and cash markets exposed to
USD-LIBOR. The uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and the replacement of LIBOR may adversely affect the value
of certain loans and investment securities. 

 The economic impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

 The COVID-19 pandemic
(hereafter referred to as COVID-19 , pandemic or virus has had a substantial adverse impact
in the United States, including threats to public health, increased volatility in markets, and significant effects on national and local
economies. The ultimate effect of the virus on Salisbury s and the Bank s business will depend on numerous factors and future
developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with certainty. Salisbury s business is dependent upon the
willingness and ability of our customers to conduct banking and other financial transactions. COVID-19, or another highly contagious
or infectious disease, could negatively impact the ability of our employees and customers to conduct such transactions and disrupt the
business activities and operations of the Bank s customers in the communities in which the Bank operates. Any sustained disruption
to the Bank s operations is likely to negatively impact Salisbury s financial condition and results of operations. Notwithstanding
Salisbury s contingency plans and other safeguards against pandemics or other contagious diseases, the spread of COVID-19 could
also negatively impact the availability of the Bank s personnel who are necessary to conduct business operations, as well as potentially
impact the business and operations of Salisbury s third-party service providers who perform critical services for Salisbury. If
the response to contain COVID-19, or another highly infectious or contagious disease, is unsuccessful, Salisbury could experience a material
adverse effect on its business operations, asset valuations, financial condition, and results of operations. Material adverse impacts
may include all or a combination of valuation impairments on Salisbury s intangible assets, investments, loans, loan servicing
rights, or deferred tax assets. 

15 

In addition, Salisbury
may experience changes in the value of collateral securing outstanding loans, reductions in the credit quality of borrowers and the inability
of borrowers to repay loans in accordance with their terms. These and similar factors and events may have substantial negative effects
on the business, financial condition, ability to pay dividends and results of operations of Salisbury, the Bank and its customers. 

 Salisbury may be
adversely affected by new federal legislation. 

 Legislation enacted
by the Biden administration may have an adverse impact on the conduct and profitability of businesses, including companies like Salisbury
and the Bank through increased regulation and taxes. 

 Geopolitical events may trigger fluctuations in economic conditions
which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

 Salisbury s business
is subject to periodic fluctuations based on national and local economic conditions. Geopolitical events may trigger fluctuations that
are not predictable, cannot be controlled and may have a material adverse impact on Salisbury s operations and financial condition. 

 Merger-Related Risks 

 On December 5, 2022,
Salisbury and NBT Bancorp Inc. NBT announced that they entered into a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which Salisbury
will merge with and into NBT, and Salisbury Bank will merge with and into NBT Bank, N.A., in an all-stock transaction. 

 There is no assurance
when or even if the merger will be completed. 

 Completion of
the merger is subject to satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions. There can be no assurance that the closing conditions, especially
those closing conditions not within the parties control, will be satisfied or waived. 

 Failure to complete the merger with NBT could negatively affect
Salisbury s stock price and financial results. 

 If the pending merger
with NBT is not completed for any reason, Salisbury s ongoing business may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the
benefits of having completed the merger, Salisbury would be subject to a number of risks, including the following: (a) negative reactions
from the financial markets, including negative effects on Salisbury s stock price; (b) negative reactions from our customers and
vendors; (c) Salisbury will have incurred substantial expenses and will be required to pay certain costs relating to the merger, including
legal, accounting, and other fees, whether or not the merger is completed; and (d) Salisbury s management team will have devoted
substantial time and resources to matters relating to the merger, and would otherwise have devoted their time and resources to other opportunities
that may have been beneficial to Salisbury. See Note 2 Acquisitions and Dispositions in the accompanying Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information. 

 Salisbury may be
subject to uncertainties while the merger with NBT is pending, which would adversely affect Salisbury s business. 

 Uncertainty about the
effect of the merger on our employees and customers may have an adverse effect Salisbury s business. These uncertainties may impair
our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the merger is consummated and for a period of time thereafter, and could
cause customers and vendors to seek to change their existing business relationships with Salisbury. Employee retention may be particularly
challenging during the pendency of the merger, as employees may experience uncertainty about their roles with the surviving corporation
following the merger. 

 The merger agreement
may be terminated and the merger with NBT may not be completed. 

 The merger agreement
is subject to a number of customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals and the requisite approvals of Salisbury s
shareholders. Conditions to the closing of the merger may not be fulfilled in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the merger
may be delayed or may not be completed. In addition, Salisbury and/or NBT may elect to terminate the merger agreement under certain circumstances. 

 Shareholder litigation
could prevent or delay the closing of the pending merger with NBT or otherwise negatively affect Salisbury s business and operations. 

 Salisbury may incur
additional costs in connection with the defense or settlement of any shareholder lawsuits filed in connection with the pending merger
with NBT. Such litigation could have an adverse effect on Salisbury s financial condition and results of operations and could prevent
or delay the consummation of the merger. 

 Because the market
price of NBT s common stock may fluctuate, Salisbury shareholders cannot be certain of the precise value of the merger consideration
they may receive in the proposed merger with NBT. 

 At the time the pending
merger with NBT is completed, each issued and outstanding share of Salisbury common stock will be converted into the right to receive
0.745 shares of NBT s common stock. The actual value of the shares of NBT s common stock received by Salisbury shareholders
will depend on the market value of shares of NBT s common stock at the time the merger is completed. This market value may be less
or more than the value used to determine the exchange ratio stated in the merger agreement. The market value of NBT s common stock
may fluctuate between the date that the merger was announced and the closing date due to a variety of factors, including general market
and economic conditions, changes in NBT s businesses, and other factors. Many of these factors are outside of Salisbury s
and NBT s control. Consequently, at the time that Salisbury shareholders must decide whether to approve the merger, they will not
know the actual market value of the shares of NBT s common stock they will receive when the merger is completed. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

16 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 

 Salisbury does not
directly own or lease any properties. The properties described below are owned or leased by the Bank. 

 The Bank conducts its
business at its main office, located at 5 Bissell Street, Lakeville, Connecticut, and through an additional thirteen full service branch
offices located in Canaan, Salisbury and Sharon, Connecticut; Great Barrington, South Egremont and Sheffield, Massachusetts; and Dover
Plains, Fishkill, Millerton, Newburgh, New Paltz, Poughkeepsie, and Red Oaks Mill, New York. The Bank owns its main office and seven of
its branch offices and its Operations office, and currently leases six branch offices. In November of 2022, the Board of Directors authorized
and directed management to proceed with the closure of the Bank s Red Oaks Mill office in Poughkeepsie, NY. In January 2023, Salisbury
notified regulators of its intent to close the Red Oaks Mill office . The Bank anticipates that this closure will be completed in second
quarter 2023. For additional information, see Note 8, Bank Premises and Equipment, and Note 5 Leases to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 The following table
includes all property owned or leased by the Bank, but does not include Other Real Estate Owned. 

Offices 
 Location 
 Owned/Leased 
 Lease expiration 
 
 Lakeville Office 
 5 Bissell Street, Lakeville, CT 
 Owned 
 - 
 
 Administrative Office 
 19 Bissell Street, Lakeville, CT 
 Owned 
 - 
 
 Operations Center 
 33 Bissell Street, Lakeville, CT 
 Owned 
 - 
 
 Salisbury Office 
 18 Main Street, Salisbury, CT 
 Owned 
 - 
 
 Sharon Office 
 5 Gay Street, Sharon, CT 
 Owned 
 - 
 
 Canaan Office 
 100 Main Street, Canaan, CT 
 Owned 
 - 
 
 South Egremont Office 
 51 Main Street, South Egremont, MA 
 Leased 
 9/9/23 
 
 Sheffield Office 
 640 North Main Street, Sheffield, MA 
 Owned 
 - 
 
 Gt. Barrington Office 
 210 Main Street, Gt. Barrington, MA 
 Leased 
 4/30/29 
 
 Millerton Office 
 87 Main Street, Millerton, NY 
 Owned 
 - 
 
 Poughkeepsie Office 
 40 Garden Street, Poughkeepsie, NY 
 Leased 
 1/7/32 
 
 Fishkill Office 
 701 Route 9, Fishkill, NY 
 Leased 
 9/29/29 
 
 Red Oaks Mill Office 
 2064 New Hackensack Road, Poughkeepsie, NY 
 Leased 
 7/31/23 
 
 Dover Plains Office 
 5 Dover Village Plaza, Dover Plains, NY 
 Leased 
 7/31/27 
 
 Newburgh Office 
 801 Auto Park Place, Newburgh, NY 
 Leased 
 12/31/26 
 
 New Paltz Office 
 275 Main Street, New Paltz, NY 
 Owned 
 - 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 The Bank is involved
in various claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, which management currently believes are not material,
individually or in the aggregate, to the business, financial condition or operating results of Salisbury or any of its subsidiaries. 

 There are no material
pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to Salisbury s business, to which Salisbury is a party
or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their property is subject. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable. 

17 

PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Market Information 

 Salisbury s common stock trades
on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol SAL. All share and per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the two-for-one
forward stock split effective June 30, 2022. 

 Holders 

 There were approximately
2,421 holders of record of the common stock of Salisbury as of March 1, 2023. This number includes brokerage firms and other financial
institutions that hold stock in their name, but which is actually beneficially owned by third parties. 

 Dividends 

 For a discussion
of Salisbury's dividend policy and restrictions on dividends see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations under the caption Dividends. See also, Note 14 Shareholders Equity 
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

 For the information
required by this item see Note 16 Long Term Incentive Plans of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Recent Sales
of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 

 None. 

 Issuer Purchases
of Equity Securities 

 None. On
March 23, 2022 Salisbury announced that its Board of Directors renewed its share repurchase program that was established in March 2021.
The share repurchase program provides for the potential repurchase of Salisbury s common stock in amounts up to an aggregate of
five percent (5 of the outstanding shares of Salisbury s common stock from time to time over a period of the next twelve (12)
months through privately negotiated transactions and/or market purchases at appropriate prices, subject to price and market conditions
on terms determined to be in the best interests of Salisbury. However, there is no assurance that Salisbury will complete repurchases
of 5 of its outstanding shares over the next twelve (12) months. Salisbury did not repurchase any shares during 2022. 

18 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 

19 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 BUSINESS 

Salisbury
Bancorp, Inc., a Connecticut corporation, formed in 1998, is the bank holding company for Salisbury Bank and Trust Company (the Bank ),
a Connecticut-chartered and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured commercial bank headquartered in Lakeville,
Connecticut. Salisbury s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol SAL . Salisbury's principal
business consists of its operation and control of the business of the Bank. 

 The
Bank, formed in 1848, currently provides commercial banking, consumer financing, retail banking and trust and wealth advisory services
through a network of fourteen banking offices and thirteen ATMs located in: Litchfield County, Connecticut; Dutchess, Orange and Ulster
Counties, New York; and Berkshire County, Massachusetts and through its internet website (salisburybank.com). 

 In
December 2022, Salisbury announced that it signed a definitive agreement to merge with and into NBT. The transaction is expected to close
in second quarter 2023 subject to regulatory and Salisbury shareholder approval. Under the terms of the merger agreement, each outstanding
share of Salisbury common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.7450 shares of NBT common stock upon completion of the merger,
which equated to a value of 35.00 per Salisbury share based on NBT s volume-weighted average closing stock price of 46.98 for
the 10-day trading period ending on November 29, 2022. The initial value reflected in the exchange ratio was approximately 187 of
Salisbury s tangible book value at September 30, 2022. The transaction is intended to qualify as a reorganization for federal income
tax purposes, and as a result, the receipt of NBT common stock by shareholders of Salisbury is expected to be tax-free. 

 Critical Accounting Policies
and Estimates 

 Salisbury s
consolidated financial statements follow GAAP as applied to the banking industry in which it operates. Application of these principles
requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements.
These estimates, assumptions and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements; accordingly,
as this information changes, the financial statements could reflect different estimates, assumptions and judgments and as such have a
greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported. Estimates, assumptions and judgments
are necessary when assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at fair value, when a decline in the value of an asset not carried
at fair value warrants an impairment write-down or valuation reserve to be established, or when an asset or liability needs to be recorded
contingent upon a future event. 

 Salisbury s significant
accounting policies are presented in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which, along with this Management s Discussion
and Analysis, provide information on how significant assets are valued in the financial statements and how those values are determined.
Management believes that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating Salisbury s
reported financial results, and they require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need
to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

 Management considers
the policies related to the allowance for loan losses as the most critical to the financial statement presentation because it requires
significant judgment and the use of estimates related to the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated
losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on historical loss experience, and consideration of current economic trends and conditions,
all of which may be susceptible to significant change. The allowance for loan losses, which is established through a provision for loan
losses charged to current earnings, is a valuation account that is deducted from the loans' amortized cost basis to present the net amount
expected to be collected on the loans. For purposes of determining the allowance for loan losses, the loan portfolio is segregated into
pools of homogeneous loans in order to recognize differing risk characteristics among categories, and then further segregated by internal
credit risk ratings. Loans that do not share similar risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis and are not included in
the collective evaluation. Management estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information from internal and external
sources relating to past events and current conditions. Adjustments to historical loss information are made to incorporate necessary qualitative
adjustments to address factors that are not present in historical loss rates and are otherwise unaccounted for in the quantitative process.
A reserve is recorded upon origination or purchase of a loan. The allowance represents management s best estimate, but significant
downturns in circumstances relating to loan quality and economic conditions could result in a requirement for additional allowance. Likewise,
an upturn in loan quality and improved economic conditions may allow a reduction in the required allowance. In either instance, unanticipated
changes could have a significant impact on results of operations. Note 1 describes the methodology used to determine the allowance for
loan losses. A discussion of the factors driving changes in the amount of the allowance for loan losses is included in the Provision
and Allowance for Loan Losses section of Management s Discussion and Analysis. 

 Climate Change 

 There
have been significant developments in federal and state legislation and regulation and international accords regarding climate change
in recent years. Given our size and the nature of our business, the direct impact and expected future direct impact of climate-related
regulation is not material to us, and is not expected to be material, to our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
Salisbury has not experienced any physical effects of climate change on our operations and results. We recognize that, while not material
to our operations, indirect consequences of climate-related regulation may exist as a result of the impact such legislation may have
on certain types of customers who engage in activity that could be deemed potentially harmful to the environment. Salisbury notes that
the climate change landscape is constantly evolving and at this time, it is not possible for us to know or predict the full universe
or extent that these indirect effects will have on the Company's future operations. At this time, Salisbury does not plan to have material
future capital expenditures for climate-related projects. Additionally, we have not incurred material compliance costs related to climate
change. 

 The following
discussion and analysis of Salisbury's consolidated results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial
Statements and footnotes. 

20 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Net Interest and Dividend Income 

 Net interest and
dividend income (presented on a tax-equivalent basis) increased 4.5 million, or 10.8 , in 2022 over 2021. The net interest margin increased
15 basis point to 3.16 in 2022 from 3.01 in 2021, mostly due to a 25 basis point increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets,
partly offset by a 15 basis point increase in the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. The net interest margin was affected by
changes in the mix of interest-earning assets and funding liabilities, asset and liability growth, and the effects of changes in market
interest rates on the pricing and re-pricing of assets and liabilities. Excluding PPP loans, the tax-equivalent net interest margin for
2022 was 3.12 compared with 2.87 for 2021. The following table sets forth the components of Salisbury's net interest income and yields
on average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing funds. Income and yields on tax-exempt securities are presented on a fully taxable
equivalent basis. 

Years
 ended December 31, 
 Average
 Balance 
 Income
 / Expense 
 Average
 Yield / Rate 
 
 (dollars
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Loans
 (a)(d) 
 1,142,663 
 1,059,663 
 1,019,999 
 45,373 
 41,549 
 41,267 
 3.93 
 3.89 
 4.02 
 
 Securities
 (c)(d) 
 218,331 
 144,833 
 89,616 
 4,549 
 2,991 
 2,563 
 2.08 
 2.06 
 2.86 
 
 FHLBB stock 
 1,315 
 1,790 
 3,163 
 41 
 37 
 141 
 3.12 
 2.09 
 4.45 
 
 Short
 term funds (b) 
 72,309 
 158,907 
 65,935 
 830 
 210 
 154 
 1.15 
 0.13 
 0.23 
 
 Total
 earning assets 
 1,434,618 
 1,365,193 
 1,178,713 
 50,793 
 44,787 
 44,125 
 3.51 
 3.26 
 3.73 
 
 Other
 assets 
 62,365 
 72,590 
 63,434 

Total
 assets 
 1,496,983 
 1,437,783 
 1,242,147 

Interest-bearing
 demand deposits 
 231,970 
 224,763 
 183,870 
 429 
 435 
 441 
 0.18 
 0.19 
 0.24 
 
 Money market
 accounts 
 318,302 
 315,469 
 256,402 
 1,554 
 547 
 1,145 
 0.49 
 0.17 
 0.45 
 
 Savings and
 other 
 240,695 
 215,300 
 175,204 
 630 
 239 
 464 
 0.26 
 0.11 
 0.26 
 
 Certificates
 of deposit 
 132,192 
 130,879 
 144,489 
 1,111 
 939 
 1,840 
 0.84 
 0.72 
 1.27 
 
 Total interest-bearing
 deposits 
 923,159 
 886,411 
 759,965 
 3,724 
 2,160 
 3,890 
 0.40 
 0.24 
 0.51 
 
 Repurchase
 agreements 
 8,417 
 10,679 
 7,986 
 30 
 16 
 20 
 0.36 
 0.15 
 0.25 
 
 Finance lease 
 5,294 
 2,739 
 2,965 
 163 
 136 
 141 
 3.07 
 4.96 
 4.75 
 
 Note payable 
 147 
 187 
 226 
 9 
 11 
 14 
 6.14 
 6.13 
 6.08 
 
 Subordinated
 debt (net of issuance costs) 
 24,502 
 22,511 
 9,870 
 932 
 1,000 
 618 
 3.80 
 4.44 
 6.26 
 
 FHLBB
 advances 
 2,446 
 9,938 
 40,093 
 114 
 125 
 605 
 4.59 
 1.24 
 1.49 
 
 Total
 interest-bearing liabilities 
 963,965 
 932,465 
 821,105 
 4,972 
 3,448 
 5,288 
 0.52 
 0.37 
 0.64 
 
 Demand deposits 
 395,848 
 366,926 
 294,588 

Other liabilities 
 7,183 
 7,285 
 6,956 

Shareholders 
 equity 
 129,987 
 131,107 
 119,498 

Total
 liabilities & shareholders equity 
 1,496,983 
 1,437,783 
 1,242,147 

Net
 interest income (d) 

45,821 
 41,339 
 38,837 

Spread on
 interest-bearing funds 

3.00 
 2.89 
 3.09 
 
 Net
 interest margin (e) 

3.16 
 3.01 
 3.28 

(a) Includes non-accrual loans. 

(b) Includes interest-bearing deposits in other
banks and federal funds sold. 

(c) Average balances of securities are based on
amortized cost. 

(d) Includes tax exempt income of
 0.7 million, 0.7 million and 0.5 million, respectively for 2022, 2021 and 2020 on tax-exempt securities
and loans for which income and yields are calculated on a tax-equivalent basis. 

(e) Net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 

21 

The
following table sets forth the changes in net interest income (presented on a tax-equivalent basis) due to volume and rate. 

Years ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 versus 2021 
 2021 versus 2020 
 
 Change in interest due to 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Net 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Net 
 
 Loans 
 3,384 
 440 
 3,824 
 1,624 
 (1,342 
 282 
 
 Securities 
 1,522 
 36 
 1,558 
 1,371 
 (943 
 428 
 
 FHLBB stock 
 (12 
 16 
 4 
 (45 
 (59 
 (104 
 
 Short term funds 
 (559 
 1,179 
 620 
 166 
 (110 
 56 
 
 Interest-earning assets 
 4,335 
 1,671 
 6,006 
 3,116 
 (2,454 
 662 
 
 Deposits 
 116 
 1,448 
 1,564 
 462 
 (2,192 
 (1,730 
 
 Repurchase agreements 
 (6 
 20 
 14 
 5 
 (9 
 (4 
 
 Finance lease 
 103 
 (76 
 27 
 (11 
 6 
 (5 
 
 Note payable 
 (2 
 
 (2 
 (3 
 
 (3 
 
 Subordinated Debt 
 82 
 (150 
 (68 
 676 
 (294 
 382 
 
 FHLBB advances 
 (218 
 207 
 (11 
 (417 
 (63 
 (480 
 
 Interest-bearing liabilities 
 75 
 1,449 
 1,524 
 712 
 (2,552 
 (1,840 
 
 Net change in net interest income 
 4,260 
 222 
 4,482 
 2,404 
 98 
 2,502 

Net interest and dividend
income represents the difference between interest and dividends earned on loans and securities and interest expense incurred on deposits
and borrowings. The level of net interest income is a function of volume, rates and mix of both earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.
Net interest income can be affected by changes in interest rate levels, changes in the volume of assets and liabilities that are subject
to re-pricing within different future time periods, and in the level of non-performing assets. 

 Interest and Dividend Income 

 Tax equivalent interest
and dividend income of 50.8 million in 2022 increased 6.0 million, or 13.4 in 2022. Loan income increased 3.8 million, or 9.2 , to
 45.3 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to a 83.0 million, or 7.8 , increase in average loans and a 4 basis point increase
in average yield. 

 Tax equivalent
interest and dividend income from securities increased 1.6 million, or 52.1 , to 4.5 million in 2022, as a result of a 73.5 million,
or 50.7 , increase in average security balances and a 2 basis point increase in average yield. Interest from short term funds increased
 620 thousand, or 295.2 , to 830 thousand in 2022, as a result of a 102 basis point increase in average yield, partly offset by a 86.6
million, or 54.5 , decrease in average short-term balances. 

 Interest Expense 

 Interest expense increased
 1.5 million, or 44.2 , to 5.0 million in 2022. Interest expense on interest bearing deposit accounts increased 1.6 million, or 72.4 ,
to 3.7 million in 2022, as a result of a 16 basis point increase in the average rate to 0.40 and a 36.7 million, or 4.1 , increase
in average interest bearing deposit balances. Interest expense on money market accounts increased 1.0 million, or 184.1 , due to a 32
basis point increase in the average rate, and a 2.8 million, or 0.9 increase in average balances. Interest expense on savings and other
accounts increased 391 thousand, or 163.6 , due to a 15 basis point increase in the average rate and a 25.4 million, or 11.8 , increase
in average balances. Interest expense on certificates of deposits increased 172 thousand, or 18.3 , due to a 12 basis point increase
in the average rate and a 1.3 million, or 1.0 increase in average balance. 

 Interest expense on
FHLBB advances decreased 11 thousand, or 8.8 , to 114 thousand in 2022, due to a 7.5 million, or 75.4 , decrease in average advances,
partly offset by a 335 basis point increase in the average borrowing rate to 4.59 . 

 Interest expense
on subordinated debt decreased 68 thousand, or 6.8 to 932 thousand in 2022, due to a decrease in the average borrowing rate to 3.80 ,
partly offset by a 2.0 million, or 8.8 , increase in the average balance. In March 2021, Salisbury issued 25.0 million of fixed to
floating rate subordinated debentures at an initial coupon rate of 3.50 . The proceeds from the issuance were used in part to fully redeem
the 10 million of its outstanding subordinated debt issued in 2015 at a rate of 6.00 . 

22 

Provision and Allowance for Loan Losses 

 The provision for
loan losses was 2.7 million in 2022 compared with a net release of credit reserves of 0.7 million in 2021. The provision for full year
2022 was primarily driven by robust loan growth in the commercial and residential portfolios during the year. Net loan charge-offs were
 0.8 million for 2022 compared with 72 thousand in 2021. The increase in charge-offs in 2022 was attributed to the sale of 3.8 million
of non-performing and under performing loans in first quarter 2022 as well as the charge off of a discrete commercial loan in second quarter
2022. Net loan charge-offs for the last six months of 2022 were 78 thousand. Management will continue to monitor the impact of
macro-economic factors on its borrowers and adjust the allowance as appropriate. An economic slowdown due to rising interest rates, inflation
or labor shortages may result in an increase in Salisbury s provision and allowance for loan losses. 

 The following
table sets forth changes in the allowance for loan losses and other statistical data: 

Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Balance, beginning of period 
 12,962 
 13,754 
 8,895 
 
 Acquisition Discount Transfer 

Provision for loan losses 
 2,683 
 (720 
 5,038 
 
 Charge offs 

Real estate mortgages 
 (712 
 (91 
 (70 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 (46 
 (131 
 (362 
 
 Consumer 
 (88 
 (59 
 (70 
 
 Charge-offs 
 (846 
 (281 
 (502 
 
 Recoveries 

Real estate mortgages 
 28 
 160 
 306 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 1 
 53 
 2 
 
 Consumer 
 18 
 (4 
 15 
 
 Recoveries 
 47 
 209 
 323 
 
 Net charge-offs 
 (799 
 (72 
 (179 
 
 Balance, end of period 
 14,846 
 12,962 
 13,754 

Loans receivable, gross 
 1,227,516 
 1,079,427 
 1,041,864 
 
 Non-performing loans 
 2,662 
 4,199 
 5,648 
 
 Accruing loans past due 30-89 days 
 1,310 
 1,341 
 6,838 
 
 Ratio of allowance for loan losses: 

to loans receivable, gross 
 1.21 
 1.20 
 1.32 
 
 to non-performing loans 
 557.70 
 308.68 
 243.50 
 
 Ratio of non-performing loans 

to loans receivable, gross 
 0.22 
 0.39 
 0.54 
 
 Ratio of accruing loans past due 30-89 days 

to loans receivable, gross 
 0.11 
 0.12 
 0.66 

The reserve coverage
at December 31, 2022, as measured by the ratio of allowance for loan losses to gross loans, was 1.21 , as compared with 1.20 at December
31, 2021. Excluding loans advanced under the SBA s Paycheck Protection Program, the ratio of the allowance to gross loans was 1.21 
at December 31, 2022 compared with 1.23 at December 31, 2021. Non-performing loans (non-accrual loans and accruing loans past-due 90
days or more) decreased 1.5 million to 2.7 million, or 0.22 of gross loans receivable, at December 31, 2022, down from 4.2 million
or 0.39 of gross loans receivable at December 31, 2021. Accruing loans past due 30-89 days decreased slightly from 1.3 million, or
0.12 , of gross loans receivable at December 31, 2021 to 1.3 million, or 0.11 , of gross loans receivable at December 31, 2022. See
 Overview Loan Credit Quality below for further discussion and analysis. 

23 

Non-Interest Income 

 The following table
details the principal categories of non-interest income. 

Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 
 Trust and wealth advisory 
 4,887 
 4,970 
 4,194 
 (83 
 (1.7 
 776 
 18.5 
 
 Service charges and fees 
 5,299 
 4,822 
 3,072 
 477 
 9.9 
 1,750 
 57.0 
 
 Mortgage banking activities, net 
 556 
 1,000 
 1,621 
 (444 
 (44.4 
 (621 
 (38.3 
 
 (Losses) gains on CRA mutual fund 
 (120 
 (26 
 19 
 (94 
 (361.5 
 (45 
 (236.8 
 
 (Gains) losses on securities, net 
 165 
 (2 
 196 
 167 
 n/a 
 (198 
 (101.0 
 
 Bank-owned life insurance BOLI income 
 717 
 556 
 495 
 161 
 29.0 
 61 
 12.3 
 
 Gain on bank-owned life insurance 
 89 
 
 601 
 89 
 
 (601 
 (100.0 
 
 Gain on sale of assets 
 
 73 
 
 (73 
 (100.0 
 73 
 n/a 
 
 Other 
 109 
 107 
 125 
 2 
 1.9 
 (18 
 (14.4 
 
 Total non-interest income 
 11,702 
 11,500 
 10,323 
 202 
 1.8 
 1,177 
 11.4 

Non-interest
income increased 202 thousand, or 1.8 , in 2022 versus 2021. Trust and Wealth Advisory revenues decreased 83 thousand mainly due to
lower asset-based fees. Service charges and fees increased 477 thousand from 2021 primarily
due to higher deposit fees and higher loan prepayment fees. Mortgage banking activities, net decreased
 444 thousand on lower sales volume. Mortgage loan sales to FHLBB totaled 7.2 million in 2022 versus 34.6 million in 2021. Loans serviced
under the FHLBB Mortgage Partnership Finance Program totaled 133.1 million and 140.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively.
The twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included mortgage servicing amortization of 140 thousand and 235 thousand,
respectively. Non-interest income for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021 also included a pre-tax gain of 73 thousand primarily
from the sale of Salisbury s operations center in Canaan, Connecticut. Other income primarily includes rental property income. 

 Non-Interest Expense 

 The following table
details the principal categories of non-interest expense. 

Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 
 Salaries 
 14,932 
 13,417 
 11,828 
 1,515 
 11.3 
 1,589 
 13.4 
 
 Employee benefits 
 5,125 
 5,023 
 4,533 
 102 
 2.0 
 490 
 10.8 
 
 Premises and equipment 
 4,281 
 4,114 
 4,019 
 167 
 4.1 
 95 
 2.4 
 
 Write-down of assets 
 3 
 144 
 
 (141 
 (97.9 
 144 
 n/a 
 
 Data processing 
 2,795 
 2,441 
 2,211 
 354 
 14.5 
 230 
 10.4 
 
 Professional fees 
 3,218 
 2,779 
 2,741 
 439 
 15.8 
 38 
 1.4 
 
 Collections, OREO, and loan related 
 376 
 455 
 323 
 (79 
 (17.4 
 132 
 40.9 
 
 FDIC insurance 
 526 
 541 
 466 
 (15 
 (2.8 
 75 
 16.1 
 
 Marketing and community support 
 822 
 881 
 573 
 (59 
 (6.7 
 308 
 53.8 
 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 191 
 256 
 321 
 (65 
 (25.4 
 (66 
 (20.6 
 
 Other 
 2,376 
 2,053 
 2,023 
 323 
 15.7 
 31 
 1.5 
 
 Non-interest expense 
 34,645 
 32,104 
 29,038 
 2,541 
 7.9 
 3,066 
 10.6 

Non-interest
expenses increased 2.5 million, or 7.9 , in 2022 versus 2021. Salaries increased 1.5 million primarily reflecting annual merit increases
and incentive accruals. Benefits increased 102 thousand compared to the same period in 2021 primarily
due to higher 401K accruals, deferred compensation and payroll taxes. Premises and equipment increased
 167 thousand mainly due to higher lease depreciation, facilities related expenses and utilities . The
twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021 also included a pre-tax loss of 144 thousand on the sale of the building housing the Bank s
branch in Poughkeepsie, New York, which closed during the first quarter 2022. Data processing increased 354 thousand mainly due to higher
 ATM fees, core system costs, website expense, and Trust and Wealth data related expenses. The
increase in professional fees of 439 thousand versus the twelve-month period 2021 primarily reflected legal and consulting expenses
related to the pending merger with NBT, partially offset by lower audit and exam and investment management expenses .
Collections, OREO and loan related expense decreased 79 thousand primarily due to lower appraisal, litigation related expenses and mortgage
recording costs. FDIC related expense decreased 15 thousand compared to the same period in 2021. Marketing and community support costs
decreased 59 thousand compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to the cost of web site redesign and branding initiatives in
2021. Amortization of intangible assets decreased 65 thousand due to the aging off of expenses related to previous acquisitions. Other
expenses increased 323 thousand primarily due to higher charge-offs for fraud losses as well as higher director fees. 

 Income Taxes 

 The effective income
tax rates for 2022 and 2021 were 18.2 and 20.6 , respectively. Salisbury s effective tax rate was less than the 21 federal statutory
rate due to tax-exempt income, primarily from municipal bonds, tax advantaged loans and bank-owned life insurance. Fluctuations in the
effective tax rate generally result from changes in the mix of taxable and tax-exempt income. For further information on income taxes,
see Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Salisbury did not incur
Connecticut income tax in 2022, 2021 or 2019, other than minimum state income tax, as a result of a Connecticut law that permits banks
to shelter certain mortgage income from the Connecticut corporation business tax through the use of a special purpose entity called a
Passive Investment Company or PIC. Salisbury avails itself of this benefit through its PIC, SBT Mortgage Service Corporation. Salisbury's
income tax provision reflects the full impact of the Connecticut legislation. Salisbury does not expect to pay other than minimum Connecticut
state income tax in the foreseeable future unless there is a change in Connecticut tax law. 

 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

 Net interest and dividend
income represents the difference between interest and dividends earned on loans and securities and interest expense incurred on deposits
and borrowings. The level of net interest income is a function of volume, rates and mix of both earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.
Net interest income can be affected by changes in interest rate levels, changes in the volume of assets and liabilities that are subject
to re-pricing within different future time periods, and in the level of non-performing assets. 

24 

Interest and Dividend Income 

 Tax equivalent interest
and dividend income of 44.8 million in 2021 increased 0.7 million, or 1.5 in 2021. Loan income increased 282 thousand, or 0.7 , to
 41.5 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to a 39.7 million, or 3.9 , increase in average loans, which was partly offset
by a 13 basis point decrease in average yield. 

 Tax equivalent
interest and dividend income from securities increased 428 thousand, or 16.7 , to 3.0 million in 2021, as a result of a 55.2 million,
or 61.9 , increase in average security balances, partly offset by an 80 basis point decrease in average yield. Interest from short term
funds increased 56 thousand, or 36.4 , to 210 thousand in 2021, as a result of a 93.0 million, or 141.0 , increase in average short-term
balances, partly offset by a 10 basis point decrease in average yield. 

 Interest Expense 

 Interest expense decreased
 1.8 million, or 34.8 , to 3.4 million in 2021. Interest expense on interest bearing deposit accounts decreased 1.7 million, or 44.4 ,
to 2.2 million in 2021, as a result of a 27 basis point decrease in the average rate to 0.24 , partly offset by a 126.4 million, or
16.6 , increase in average interest bearing deposit balances. Interest expense on money market accounts decreased 598 thousand, or 52.2 ,
due to a 28 basis point decline in the average rate, partly offset by a 59.1 million, or 23.0 increase in average balances. Interest
expense on savings and other accounts decreased 225 thousand, or 48.5 , due to a 15 basis point decline in the average rate, partially
offset by a 40.1 million, or 22.9 , increase in average balances. Interest expense on certificates of deposits decreased 901 thousand,
or 49.0 , due to 55 basis point decline in the average rate and a 13.6 million, or 9.4 decrease in average balance. 

 Interest expense on
FHLBB advances decreased 480 thousand, or 79.3 , to 125 thousand in 2021, due to a 30.2 million, or 75.2 , decrease in average advances
and a 25 basis point decrease in the average borrowing rate to 1.24 . 

 Interest expense on
subordinated debt increased 382 thousand, or 61.8 to 1.0 million in 2021, due to a 12.6 million, or 128.1 increase in average balances,
partly offset by a decrease in the average borrowing rate to 4.44 . In March 2021, Salisbury issued 25.0 million of fixed to floating
rate subordinated debentures at an initial coupon rate of 3.50 . The proceeds from the issuance were used in part to fully redeem the
 10 million of its outstanding subordinated debt issued in 2015 at a rate of 6.00 . 

 Provision and Allowance
for Loan Losses 

 Net credit reserves
of 0.7 million were released in 2021 compared with a provision for loan losses of 5.0 million for 2020. Net loan charge-offs were 72
thousand and 179 thousand, for the respective years. The net release of credit reserves in 2021 primarily reflected the transfer of loans
in the discrete COVID-19 pool, which carries a higher level of reserves, back to their pre-pandemic loan pool because the borrowers were
paying as agreed and the underlying businesses were substantially operating at pre-pandemic levels. The pay-off of certain commercial
loans and internal risk rating changes also contributed to the release of credit reserves, which was substantially offset by loan growth
and changes to qualitative factors due to continued uncertainty over the economic impact of COVID-19 and other macro-economic factors.
Management will continue to monitor the impact of the virus and other macro-economic factors on its borrowers and adjust the allowance
as appropriate. A resurgence of the virus that results in another economic lockdown or an economic slowdown due to rising interest rates,
inflation or labor shortages may result in an increase in Salisbury s provision and allowance for loan losses. 

 The reserve coverage
at December 31, 2021, as measured by the ratio of allowance for loan losses to gross loans, was 1.20 , as compared with 1.32 at December
31, 2020. Excluding loans advanced under the SBA s Paycheck Protection Program, the ratio of the allowance to gross loans was 1.23 
at December 31, 2021 compared with 1.44 at December 31, 2020. Non-performing loans (non-accrual loans and accruing loans past-due 90
days or more) decreased 1.4 million to 4.2 million, or 0.39 of gross loans receivable, at December 31, 2021, down from 5.6 million
or 0.54 of gross loans receivable at December 31, 2020. Accruing loans past due 30-89 days decreased from 6.8 million, or 0.66 , of
gross loans receivable at December 31, 2020 to 1.3 million, or 0.12 , of gross loans receivable at December 31, 2021. See Overview
 Loan Credit Quality below for further discussion and analysis. 

 Non-Interest
Income 

 Non-interest
income increased 1.2 million, or 11.4 , in 2021 versus 2020. Trust and Wealth Advisory revenues increased 776 thousand mainly due to
growth in asset-based fees. Service charges and fees increased 1.8 million from 2020. The increase primarily reflected higher
deposit, interchange and loan prepayment fees. In addition, during the twelve-month period ended
December 31, 2020, Salisbury waived approximately 754 thousand in various deposit fees, including overdraft and ATM fees, to support
customers affected by COVID-19. Mortgage banking activities, net decreased 621 thousand on lower sales volume. Mortgage loan sales to
FHLBB totaled 34.6 million in 2021 versus 59.8 million in 2020. Loans serviced under the FHLBB Mortgage Partnership Finance Program
totaled 140.7 million and 134.4 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively. The twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2021
and 2020 included mortgage servicing amortization of 235 thousand and 151 thousand, respectively. In 2020, the Bank recorded a non-taxable
gain of 601 thousand related to proceeds received from a BOLI policy due to the death of a covered former employee. Non-interest income
for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021 also included a pre-tax gain of 73 thousand primarily from the sale of Salisbury s
operations center in Canaan, Connecticut. Other income primarily includes rental property income. 

 Non-Interest Expense 

 Non-interest
expenses increased 3.1 million, or 10.6 , in 2021 versus 2020. Salaries increased 1.6 million primarily reflecting annual merit increases
and higher production and incentive accruals. Benefits increased 490 thousand compared to the same period in 2020 primarily
due higher medical insurance costs, 401K accruals and payroll taxes. Premises and equipment increased
 95 thousand mainly due to higher building depreciation and facilities related expenses . 
 The twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021 also included a pre-tax loss of 144 thousand on
the sale of the building housing the Bank s branch in Poughkeepsie, New York, which closed during the first quarter 2022. Data
processing increased 230 thousand mainly due to higher ATM fees,
core system costs and Trust and Wealth data related expenses. The increase in professional fees of 38 thousand versus the twelve-month
period 2020 primarily reflected higher legal, audit and exam and investment management expenses partially offset by lower consulting
expense . Collections, OREO and loan related expense increased 132 thousand primarily due to higher
appraisal and mortgage recording costs. FDIC related expense increased 75 thousand compared to the same period in 2020 reflecting higher
deposit balances. Marketing and community support costs increased 308 thousand compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to
Salisbury s website redesign and branding initiatives as well as costs associated with various marketing events. Amortization of
intangible assets decreased 65 thousand due to the aging off of expenses related to previous acquisitions. Other expenses increased
 30 thousand and primarily reflected higher employee related expenses, postage and telephone expense. 

25 

Income Taxes 

 The effective income
tax rates for 2021 and 2020 were 20.6 and 17.0 , respectively. Salisbury s effective tax rate was less than the 21 federal statutory
rate due to tax-exempt income, primarily from municipal bonds, tax advantaged loans and bank-owned life insurance. Fluctuations in the
effective tax rate generally result from changes in the mix of taxable and tax-exempt income. For further information on income taxes,
see Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Salisbury did not incur
Connecticut income tax in 2021, 2020 or 2019, other than minimum state income tax, as a result of a Connecticut law that permits banks
to shelter certain mortgage income from the Connecticut corporation business tax through the use of a special purpose entity called a
Passive Investment Company or PIC. Salisbury avails itself of this benefit through its PIC, SBT Mortgage Service Corporation. Salisbury's
income tax provision reflects the full impact of the Connecticut legislation. Salisbury does not expect to pay other than minimum Connecticut
state income tax in the foreseeable future unless there is a change in Connecticut tax law. 

 Overview 

Assets 

During
2022, Salisbury s assets increased by 12.4 million, or 0.8 , to 1.54 billion at December 31, 2022. This increase was driven by
robust net loan growth of 146.9 million, or 13.8 , which was mostly offset by a decline in cash and cash equivalent balances of 124.8
million, or 71.1 , as Salisbury deployed excess liquidity into loans. In addition, the balance of Salisbury s available-for-sale AFS investment portfolio decreased 15.0 million, or 7.4 , during 2022. At December 31, 2022, Salisbury s tangible
book value and book value per common share were 19.71 and 22.13, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s Tier 1 leverage
and total risk-based capital ratios were 9.99 and 13.43 , respectively, and the Bank was categorized as well capitalized 
according to regulatory guidelines. 

 Securities and Short-Term Funds 

 During
2022, securities decreased 14.1 million, or 6.8 , to 190.6 million primarily due to unrealized losses of 27.3 million, which reflected
the significant increases in market interest rates during 2022. Short-term funds (cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits
with other banks) decreased 124.8, or 71.2 , million to 50.5 million in 2022 reflecting the funding of loans as well as a normalization
of deposit balances back to pre-pandemic levels. The carrying values of securities are as follows: 

December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Available-for-Sale 

U.S. Treasury 
 17,133 
 15,131 
 
 U.S. Government agency notes 
 27,154 
 31,604 
 
 Municipal bonds 
 46,538 
 47,822 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities: 

U.S. Government agencies and U.S. Government- sponsored enterprises 
 61,875 
 74,541 
 
 Collateralized mortgage obligations: 

U.S. Government agencies 
 21,936 
 20,898 
 
 Corporate bonds 
 12,774 
 12,400 
 
 Mutual fund 
 1,933 
 901 
 
 Non-Marketable 

FHLBB stock 
 1,285 
 1,397 
 
 Total Securities 
 190,628 
 204,694 

Salisbury evaluates
securities for OTTI where the fair value of a security is less than its amortized cost basis at the balance sheet date. As part of this
process, Salisbury considers whether it has the intent to sell each debt security and whether it is more likely than not that it will
be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery. If either of these conditions is met, Salisbury recognizes an OTTI charge
to earnings equal to the entire difference between the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value at the balance sheet date.
For securities that meet neither of these conditions, an analysis is performed to determine if any of these securities are at risk for
OTTI. 

 Salisbury evaluates
securities for strategic fit and may reduce its position in securities, although it is not more likely than not that Salisbury will be
required to sell these securities before recovery of their cost basis, which may be maturity, and does not intend to sell these securities.
Management does not consider any of its securities to be OTTI at December 31, 2022. It is possible that future loss assumptions could
change, necessitating Salisbury to recognize future OTTI. 

 Accumulated other
comprehensive income at December 31, 2022 reflected net unrealized losses, net of tax, of 20.7 million in Salisbury s AFS securities
portfolio compared to an unrealized gain of 0.9 million at year end 2021. The unrealized losses, which reflected the significant increase
in market interest rates experienced in 2022, do not affect Salisbury s regulatory capital ratios. 

 Loans 

 During 2022,
net loans receivable increased 146.9 million, or 13.8 , to 1.214 billion at December 31, 2022. Excluding PPP loans, net loans increased
by 172.2 million, or 16.5 , in 2022. Salisbury s retail lending department originates residential mortgage, home equity loans
and lines of credit, and consumer loans for the portfolio. During 2022, Salisbury originated 118.1 million of residential mortgage loans
and 15.9 million of home equity loans for the portfolio, compared with 165.9 million and 11.8 million, respectively, in 2021. During
2022, total residential mortgage and home equity loans receivable increased 88.7 million, or 18.9 , to 557.1 million at December 31,
2022, and represented 45.4 of gross loans receivable. During 2022, Salisbury s residential mortgage lending department also originated
and sold 7.2 million of residential mortgage loans, compared with 34.6 million during 2021. All such sold loans were sold through the
FHLBB Mortgage Partnership Finance Program with servicing retained by Salisbury. Consumer loans, amounted to 20.5 million at December
31, 2022, representing 1.7 of gross loans receivable. 

26 

Salisbury s
commercial lending department specializes in lending to small and mid-size companies, businesses and municipalities. More specifically,
we meet our clients credit needs by providing short-term and long-term financing, construction loans, commercial mortgages, equipment,
working capital, property improvement loans and municipal financing. The department also works with both the Small Business Administration SBA and United States Department of Agriculture USDA Government Guaranteed Lending Programs; however,
such loans represent a very small percent of the commercial loan portfolio. Excluding PPP loans, total commercial loans, which include
commercial real estate, commercial and industrial and municipal loans, increased 75.2 million, or 13.5 , to 631.0 million at December
31, 2022, and represent 51.4 of gross loans receivable. At December 31, 2022 approximately 0.3 million of PPP loans remained on Salisbury s
balance sheet. These loans are reported as a separate component of commercial and industrial loans in the table below. 

 The principal categories
of loans receivable and loans held-for-sale are as follows: 

December 31, (in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Residential 1-4 family 
 428,486 
 373,131 
 
 Residential 5+ multifamily 
 80,400 
 52,325 
 
 Construction of residential 1-4 family 
 22,534 
 19,738 
 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 25,699 
 23,270 
 
 Residential real estate 
 557,119 
 468,464 
 
 Commercial 
 374,281 
 310,923 
 
 Construction of commercial 
 46,866 
 58,838 
 
 Commercial real estate 
 421,147 
 369,761 
 
 Farm land 
 4,081 
 2,807 
 
 Vacant land 
 14,440 
 14,182 
 
 Real estate secured 
 996,787 
 855,214 
 
 Commercial and industrial ex PPP loans 
 190,191 
 169,543 
 
 PPP loans 
 299 
 25,589 
 
 Commercial & industrial Total 
 190,490 
 195,132 
 
 Municipal 
 19,693 
 16,534 
 
 Consumer 
 20,546 
 12,547 
 
 Loans receivable, gross 
 1,227,516 
 1,079,427 
 
 Deferred loan origination fees and costs, net 
 1,001 
 285 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 (14,846 
 (12,962 
 
 Loans receivable, net 
 1,213,671 
 1,066,750 
 
 Loans receivable, net ex PPP loans 
 1,213,372 
 1,041,161 
 
 Loans Held-for-sale 

Residential 1-4 family 
 
 2,684 

The composition of loans receivable by forecasted maturity distribution
is as follows: 

December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 
 Within 1 year 
 Within 2-5 years 
 After 5 years 
 Total 
 
 Residential 
 604 
 10,702 
 520,114 
 531,420 
 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 4 
 168 
 25,527 
 25,699 
 
 Commercial 
 2,421 
 49,746 
 322,114 
 374,281 
 
 Construction of commercial 
 17,088 
 15,278 
 14,500 
 46,866 
 
 Land 
 8,349 
 1,659 
 8,513 
 18,521 
 
 Real estate secured 
 28,466 
 77,553 
 890,768 
 996,787 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 15,348 
 28,864 
 146,278 
 190,490 
 
 Municipal 
 11,136 
 1,476 
 7,081 
 19,693 
 
 Consumer 
 173 
 1,491 
 18,882 
 20,546 
 
 Loans receivable, gross 
 55,123 
 109,384 
 1,063,009 
 1,227,516 

27 

The composition of loans receivable with either fixed, variable or adjustable interest rates is as follows: 

December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 
 Fixed interest rates 
 Variable or adjustable interest rates 
 Total Loans 
 
 Residential 
 288,595 
 242,825 
 531,420 
 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 
 25,699 
 25,699 
 
 Commercial 
 87,280 
 287,001 
 374,281 
 
 Construction of commercial 
 15,310 
 31,556 
 46,866 
 
 Land 
 9,132 
 9,389 
 18,521 
 
 Real estate secured 
 400,317 
 596,470 
 996,787 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 104,504 
 85,986 
 190,490 
 
 Municipal 
 18,327 
 1,366 
 19,693 
 
 Consumer 
 2,697 
 17,849 
 20,546 
 
 Loans receivable, gross 
 525,845 
 701,671 
 1,227,516 
 
 Percentage of Total 
 42.8 
 57.2 
 100.0 

Loan Credit Quality 

 Salisbury has cooperative
relationships with the vast majority of its non-performing loan customers. Substantially all non-performing loans are collateralized with
real estate and the repayment of such loans is largely dependent on the return of such loans to performing status or the liquidation of
the underlying real estate collateral. Salisbury pursues the resolution of all non-performing loans through collections, restructures,
voluntary liquidation of collateral by the borrower and, where necessary, legal action. When attempts to work with a customer to return
a loan to performing status, including restructuring the loan, are unsuccessful, Salisbury will initiate appropriate legal action seeking
to acquire property by deed in lieu of foreclosure or through foreclosure, or to liquidate business assets. 

 Past Due Loans 

 Loans past
due 30 days or more decreased 1.2 million during 2022 to 1.5 million, or 0.12 of gross loans receivable at December 31, 2022, compared
with 2.6 million, or 0.24 of gross loans receivable at December 31, 2021. The decline in past due loans from year end 2021 primarily
reflected the sale and charge-off of certain loans during the twelve-month period ending December 31, 2022. 

28 

The components of loans
past due 30 days or greater are as follows: 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Past due 30-59 days 
 1,195 
 751 
 
 Past due 60-89 days 
 115 
 590 
 
 Past due 90-179 days 
 
 1 
 
 Past due 180 days and over 
 
 10 
 
 Accruing loans 
 1,310 
 1,352 
 
 Past due 30-59 days 
 68 
 14 
 
 Past due 60-89 days 

Past due 90-179 days 
 90 
 63 
 
 Past due 180 days and over 
 15 
 1,213 
 
 Non-accrual loans 
 173 
 1,290 
 
 Total loans past due 30 days and over 
 1,483 
 2,642 

Credit Quality
Segments 

 Salisbury categorizes
loans receivable into the following credit quality segments. 

Impaired loans consist of all non-accrual loans and troubled debt restructured
loans, and represent loans for which it is probable that Salisbury will not be able to collect all principal and interest amounts due
according to the contractual terms of the loan agreements. 

Non-accrual loans, a sub-set of impaired loans, are loans for which the accrual
of interest has been discontinued because, in the opinion of management, full collection of principal or interest is unlikely. 

Non-performing loans consist of non-accrual loans, and accruing loans past
due 90 days and over that are well collateralized, in the process of collection and where full collection of principal and interest is
reasonably assured. Non-performing assets consist of non-performing loans plus real estate acquired in settlement of loans. 

Troubled debt restructured loans are loans for which concessions such as
reduction of interest rates, other than normal market rate adjustments, or deferral of principal or interest payments, extension of maturity
dates, or reduction of principal balance or accrued interest, have been granted due to a borrower s financial condition. Loan restructuring
is employed when management believes the granting of a concession will increase the probability of the full or partial collection of principal
and interest. 

Potential problem loans consist of performing loans that have been assigned
a substandard credit risk rating and are not classified as impaired. 

 Non-Performing
Assets 

 Non-performing assets
decreased 1.5 million to 2.7 million at December 31, 2022, or 0.17 of assets, from 4.2 million or 0.27 of assets at December 31,
2021. The decrease in non-performing assets resulted primarily from the sale and charge-off of 2.0 million of non-performing loans and
 0.4 million of loan payments, which were partially offset by the downgrade of 0.9 million of loans during 2022. 

 The components of non-performing
assets are as follows: 

December 31, (in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Residential 1-4 family 
 820 
 750 
 
 Residential 5+ multifamily 
 
 861 
 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 
 21 
 
 Commercial 
 1,255 
 1,924 
 
 Farm land 
 393 
 432 
 
 Vacant land 

Real estate secured 
 2,468 
 3,988 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 189 
 200 
 
 Consumer 
 5 

Non-accrual loans 
 2,662 
 4,188 
 
 Accruing loans past due 90 days and over 
 
 11 
 
 Non-performing loans 
 2,662 
 4,199 
 
 Foreclosed assets 

Non-performing assets 
 2,662 
 4,199 

Reductions
in interest income associated with non-accrual loans are as follows: 

Years ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Income in accordance with original terms 
 151 
 418 
 
 Income recognized 
 25 
 7 
 
 Reduction in interest income 
 126 
 411 

29 

The past due status
of non-performing loans is as follows: 

December 31, (in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Current 
 2,490 
 2,898 
 
 Past due 30-59 days 
 67 
 14 
 
 Past due 60-89 days 

Past due 90-179 days 
 90 
 64 
 
 Past due 180 days and over 
 15 
 1,223 
 
 Total non-performing loans 
 2,662 
 4,199 

At December 31,
2022, 93.50 of non-performing loans were current with respect to loan payments, compared with 69.02 at December 31, 2021. Loans past
due 180 days and over are substantially all mortgage loans in the process of foreclosure or litigation. 

 Salisbury endeavors
to work constructively to resolve its non-performing loan issues with customers. Substantially all non-performing loans are collateralized
with real estate and the repayment of such loans is largely dependent on the return of such loans to performing status or the liquidation
of the underlying real estate collateral. 

 Troubled Debt
Restructured Loans 

 Troubled
debt restructured loans decreased 2.2 million in 2022 to 2.7 million, or 0.22 of gross loans receivable, from 5.0 million, or 0.46 
of gross loans receivable at December 31, 2021. The reduction in loan balance from year end 2021 primarily reflected the sale and
charge-off of certain loans and loan payments during the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022. The
components of troubled debt restructured loans are as follows: 

December 31, (in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Residential 1-4 family 
 1,289 
 1,824 
 
 Residential 5+ multifamily 
 78 
 87 
 
 Commercial 
 1,303 
 1,622 
 
 Real estate secured 
 2,670 
 3,533 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 
 76 
 
 Accruing troubled debt restructured loans 
 2,670 
 3,609 
 
 Residential 1-4 family 
 67 
 256 
 
 Residential 5+ multifamily 
 
 861 
 
 Vacant land 

Commercial 
 
 233 
 
 Real estate secured 
 67 
 1,350 
 
 Commercial and Industrial 

Non-accrual troubled debt restructured loans 
 67 
 1,350 
 
 Troubled debt restructured loans 
 2,737 
 4,959 

The past due status
of troubled debt restructured loans is as follows: 

December 31, (in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Current 
 2,670 
 3,540 
 
 Past due 30-59 days 
 
 37 
 
 Past due 60-89 days 
 
 32 
 
 Accruing troubled debt restructured loans 
 2,670 
 3,609 
 
 Current 
 
 414 
 
 Past due 30-59 days 
 67 

Past due 180 days and over 
 
 936 
 
 Non-accrual troubled debt restructured loans 
 67 
 1,350 
 
 Total troubled debt restructured loans 
 2,737 
 4,959 

At December 31,
2022, 97.55 of troubled debt restructured loans were current with respect to loan payments, as compared with 79.73 at December 31,
2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were specific reserves on troubled debt restructured loans amounting to 22 thousand and
 31 thousand, respectively. 

30 

Potential Problem
Loans 

 Potential problem loans consist of performing loans
that have been assigned a substandard credit risk rating and are not classified as impaired. Potential problem loans decreased 18.9 million
during 2022 to 6.1 million, or 0.49 of gross loans receivable at December 31, 2022, compared with 25.0 million, or 2.32 of gross loans
receivable at December 31, 2021. The decrease primarily reflected internal credit risk rating upgrades
on loans to businesses primarily in the hospitality, health care and entertainment and recreation industries which were previously downgraded
due to concerns over the impact of COVID-19. These businesses have demonstrated a return to pre-pandemic levels of activity and liquidity,
warranting the improvement in risk rating. The decrease in potential problem loans also reflected the sale of certain loans during
2022. The components of potential problem loans were as follows: 

December 31, (in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Residential 1-4 family 
 589 
 999 
 
 Residential 5+ multifamily 
 
 709 
 
 Home equity lines of credit 

Residential real estate 
 589 
 1,708 
 
 Commercial 
 4,129 
 20,998 
 
 Construction of commercial 

Commercial real estate 
 4,129 
 20,998 
 
 Farm land 

Real estate secured 
 4,718 
 22,706 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 1,353 
 2,310 
 
 Consumer 
 5 

Total potential problem loans 
 6,076 
 25,016 

The past due status
of potential problem loans was as follows: 

December 31, (in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Current 
 6,056 
 24,977 
 
 Past due 30-59 days 
 
 23 
 
 Past due 60-89 days 
 20 
 16 
 
 Past due 90-179 days 

Total potential problem loans 
 6,076 
 25,016 

At December 31, 2022,
99.67 of potential problem loans were current with respect to loan payments, as compared with 99.84 at December 31, 2021. Management
cannot predict the extent to which economic or other factors may impact such borrowers future payment capacity, and there can be
no assurance that such loans will not be placed on nonaccrual status, restructured, or require increased provisions for loan losses. 

 Deposits and Borrowings 

 Deposits increased
 22.2 million, or 1.7 , during 2022, to 1.36 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 1.34 billion at December 31, 2021. Deposit
balances at year end 2022 included 40.0 million from an independent third party and are held in a business money market account. These
funds, similar to other deposits, were utilized by Salisbury to fund loan growth. Retail repurchase agreements decreased 4.2 million,
or 36.8 , to 7.2 million at December 31, 2022, compared with 11.4 million at December 31, 2021. 

 The distribution of average total deposits by account type was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Average Balance 
 Percent 
 Weighted Average 
 Average Balance 
 Percent 
 Weighted Average 
 
 Demand deposits 
 395,848 
 30.01 
 0.00 
 366,926 
 29.28 
 0.00 
 
 Interest-bearing checking accounts 
 231,970 
 17.59 
 0.18 
 224,763 
 17.93 
 0.19 
 
 Regular savings accounts 
 240,695 
 18.25 
 0.26 
 215,300 
 17.18 
 0.11 
 
 Money market savings 
 318,302 
 24.13 
 0.49 
 315,469 
 25.17 
 0.17 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 132,192 
 10.02 
 0.84 
 130,879 
 10.44 
 0.72 
 
 Total deposits 
 1,319,007 
 100.00 
 0.28 
 1,253,337 
 100.00 
 0.17 

The total deposit accounts greater than the federally insured limit of 250,000
amounted to 567million and 531 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

31 

The classification of certificates of deposit by interest rates was as
follows: 

At December 31, 
 
 Interest rates 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Less than 1.00 
 104,261 
 97,099 
 
 1.00 to 1.99 
 11,739 
 14,919 
 
 2.00 to 2.99 
 19,907 
 6,493 
 
 3.00 to 3.99 
 17,463 
 498 
 
 Total 
 153,370 
 119,009 

The distribution of certificates of deposit by
interest rate and maturity was as follows: 

At December 31, 2022 
 
 Interest rates 
 Less Than or Equal to One Year 
 More Than One to Two Years 
 More Than Two to Three Years 
 More Than Three Years 
 Total 
 Percent of Total 
 
 Less than 1.00 
 87,011 
 8,462 
 4,356 
 4,432 
 104,261 
 67.98 
 
 1.00 to 1.99 
 7,059 
 3,759 
 921 
 
 11,739 
 7.65 
 
 2.00 to 2.99 
 8,138 
 9,272 
 2,497 
 
 19,907 
 12.98 
 
 3.00 to 3.99 
 8,671 
 8,792 

17,463 
 11.39 
 
 Total 
 110,879 
 30,285 
 7,774 
 4,432 
 153,370 
 100.00 

Scheduled maturities of time certificates of deposit in denominations of
 100 thousand or more were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 
 Within 
 3 months 
 Within 
 3-6 months 
 Within 
 6-12 months 
 Over 
 1 year 
 Total 
 
 Certificates of deposit 100,000 and over 
 54,231 
 8,502 
 22,334 
 25,672 
 110,739 

FHLBB advances
increased 2.3 million during 2022 to 10.0 million at December 31, 2022, compared with 7.7 million at December 31, 2021. The increase
primarily reflected a purchase of an advance offset by the maturities and principal payments on amortizing advances. Salisbury also has
an Irrevocable Letter of Credit Reimbursement Agreement with the FHLBB, whereby upon the Bank s request an irrevocable letter of
credit is issued to secure municipal and certain other transactional deposit accounts. These letters of credit are secured primarily by
residential mortgage loans. The amount of funds available from the FHLBB to the Bank is reduced by any letters of credit outstanding.
At year end 2022 and 2021, Salisbury had 20.0 million of outstanding letters of credit with FHLBB. At December 31, 2022, Salisbury s
excess borrowing capacity at the FHLBB was 241.3 million compared with 250.9 million at December 31, 2021. 

 The following table
sets forth certain information concerning short-term FHLBB advances: 

December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Highest month-end balance during period 
 10,000 

Ending balance 
 10,000 

Average balance during period 
 1,041 

Subordinated Debentures 

 Subordinated
debentures totaled 24.5 million at December 31, 2022, which includes 469 thousand of remaining unamortized debt issuance costs. The
debt issuance costs are being amortized to maturity. The effective interest rate of the subordinated debentures is 3.80 . 

32 

MATERIAL
CASH REQUIREMENTS FROM CONTRACTUAL CASH OBLIGATIONS 

 In the normal course
of business, Salisbury enters into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments. Contractual obligations at December
31, 2022 include operating leases, capital leases, contractual purchases and certain other benefit plans. For further discussion regarding
leases see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 The accompanying
table summarizes Salisbury s off-balance sheet lending-related financial instruments and significant cash obligations, by remaining
maturity, at December 31, 2022. Salisbury s lending-related financial instruments include commitments that have maturities over
one year. Contractual purchases include commitments for future cash expenditures, primarily for services and contracts that reflect the
minimum contractual obligation under legally enforceable contracts with contract terms that are both fixed and determinable. Excluded
from the following table are a number of obligations to be settled in cash, primarily in under one year. These obligations are reflected
in Salisbury s Consolidated Balance Sheets and include deposits, FHLBB advances and repurchase agreements that settle within standard
market timeframes. 

December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 
 Within 
 Within 
 Within 
 After 

By Remaining Maturity 
 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 4-5 years 
 5 years 
 Total 
 
 Residential 
 789 
 
 335 
 38,611 
 39,735 
 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 500 
 250 
 
 34,207 
 34,957 
 
 Commercial 
 4,446 
 22,925 
 3,734 
 13,251 
 44,356 
 
 Land 
 551 

196 
 747 
 
 Real estate secured 
 6,286 
 23,175 
 4,069 
 86,265 
 119,795 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 31,489 
 2,015 
 11,473 
 84,785 
 129,762 
 
 Municipal 
 2,288 

250 
 2,538 
 
 Consumer 
 253 

4,979 
 5,232 
 
 Unadvanced portions of loans 
 40,316 
 25,190 
 15,542 
 176,279 
 257,327 
 
 Commitments to originate loans 
 48,711 

48,711 
 
 Standby letters of credit 
 776 

1 
 777 
 
 Total 
 89,803 
 25,190 
 15,542 
 176,280 
 306,815 

LIQUIDITY 

Salisbury manages its
liquidity position to ensure it has sufficient funding availability at all times to meet both anticipated and unanticipated deposit withdrawals,
loan originations and advances, securities purchases and other operating cash outflows. Salisbury s primary source of liquidity
is deposits and though its preferred funding strategy is to attract and retain low cost deposits, its ability to do so is affected by
competitive interest rates and terms in its marketplace, and other financial market conditions. Other sources of funding include cash
flows from loan and securities principal payments and maturities, funds provided by operations, and discretionary use of national market
certificates of deposit and FHLBB advances. Liquidity can also be provided through sales of securities and loans. Salisbury manages its
liquidity in accordance with a liquidity funding policy, and also maintains a contingency funding plan that provides for the prompt and
comprehensive response to unexpected demands for liquidity. Management believes Salisbury s funding sources will meet anticipated
funding needs. 

 Operating activities
for 2022 provided net cash of 27.4 million. Investing activities utilized net cash of 168.7 million, principally from purchases of securities
of 54.2 million, net loan originations and principal collections of 152.2 million, an investment of 2.5 million in BOLI, capital expenditures
of 0.8 million and the investment and reinvestment in mutual funds of 1.2 million, offset by sales, calls, and maturities of securities
of 41.3 million, proceeds from the redemption of FHLBB stock of 0.1 million, and proceeds from insurance policies of 0.7 million. Financing
activities provided net cash of 16.5 million, principally from a net increase in deposits of 22.2 million, short term FHLB advances
of 10.0 million and proceeds from the exercising of stock options of 0.2 million, partly off-set by a decrease of 4.2 million in securities
sold under agreements to repurchase, payments of 1.7 million on FHLBB amortizing long-term advances, repayment of long-term FHLBB advances
of 6.0 million, common stock dividends of 3.7 million and other activity of 0.2 million. 

 Operating activities
for 2021 provided net cash of 18.1 million. Investing activities utilized net cash of 153.2 million, principally from purchases of securities
of 145.3 million, net loan originations and principal collections of 37.8 million, an investment of 6.0 million in BOLI and capital
expenditures of 2.3 million, offset by sales, calls, and maturities of securities of 37.5 million, proceeds from sale of assets of 0.2,
proceeds from the redemption of FHLBB stock of 0.3 million and other activity of 0.2 million. Financing activities provided net cash
of 217.3 million, principally from a net increase in deposits of 207.1 million, net proceeds of 24.4 million from the issuance of subordinated
debt, an increase of 4.3 million in securities sold under agreements to repurchase, partly offset by the redemption of 10.0 million
of subordinated debt issued by Salisbury in 2015, payments of 5.0 million on FHLBB advances, common stock dividends of 3.5 million and
other activity of 0.1 million. 

 Operating activities
for 2020 provided net cash of 13.8 million. Investing activities utilized net cash of 114.0 million, principally from purchases of securities
of 37.4 million, net loan originations and principal collections of 107.4 million, a 3.5 million investment in BOLI and capital expenditures
of 4.4 million, offset by sales, calls, and maturities of securities of 32.5 million, BOLI proceeds of 4.0 million and proceeds from
the redemption of FHLBB stock of 1.5 million. Financing activities provided net cash of 166.5 million, principally from a net deposit
increase of 209.5 million and advances from FHLBB for 16.0 million, partly offset by FHLBB advances payments of 54.3 million, and common
stock dividends of 3.3 million, and a decrease of 1.4 million in securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 

 CAPITAL
RESOURCES 

 Shareholders Equity 

 Shareholders 
equity decreased 8.2 million, or 6.0 , in 2022 to 128.4 million at December 31, 2022. The decline was driven by unrealized losses in
Salisbury s AFS portfolio of 21.6 million, due to the significant increase in market interest rates during 2022, and common stock
dividends declared of 3.7 million, partially offset by net income of 15.9 million and other activity of 1.2 million. The unrealized
losses in the AFS portfolio do not affect the Bank s regulatory capital ratios. 

33 

Capital Requirements 

 The Bank is subject
to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Under current regulatory definitions, the Bank
meets all capital adequacy requirements to which it is subject and the Bank is considered to be well-capitalized. As a result, the Bank
pays lower federal deposit insurance premiums than those banks that are not well capitalized. Requirements for classification
as a well-capitalized institution and for minimum capital adequacy along with the Bank's regulatory capital ratios are as follows at December
31, 2022 and 2021 under the regulatory capital rules then in effect: 

Minimum Capital Adequacy Requirement 
 Minimum Ratios to be 
 Well Capitalized 
 Actual Bank Ratios 

2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 8.00 
 8.00 
 10.00 
 10.00 
 13.43 
 14.08 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 4.50 
 4.50 
 6.50 
 6.50 
 12.24 
 12.87 
 
 Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 6.00 
 6.00 
 8.00 
 8.00 
 12.24 
 12.87 
 
 Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 
 4.00 
 4.00 
 5.00 
 5.00 
 9.99 
 9.42 

A well-capitalized
institution, which is the highest capital category for an institution as defined by the Prompt Corrective Action regulations issued by
the FDIC and the FRB, is one which maintains a Total Risk-Based ratio of 10 or above, a Tier 1 Risk-Based ratio of 8 or above, a Common
Equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or above, and a Leverage ratio of 5 or above, and is not subject to any written order, written agreement,
capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level. Maintaining strong capital is
essential to Salisbury and the Bank s safety and soundness. However, the effective management of capital resources requires generating
attractive returns on equity to build value for shareholders while maintaining appropriate levels of capital to fund growth, meet regulatory
requirements and be consistent with prudent industry practices. 

 The FRB s
final rules implementing the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s capital guidelines for bank holding companies and their bank
subsidiaries include a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets minimum ratio of 4.5 , a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital
to risk-weighted assets of 6.0 , require a minimum ratio of Total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0 , and require a minimum Tier
1 leverage ratio of 4.0 . Strict eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments were also implemented under the final rules. 

 As of December 31,
2022, the Company and the Bank met each of their capital requirements and the most recent notification from the FDIC categorized the Bank
as well-capitalized. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the
Bank s category. 

 On September 17, 2019, the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, the FRB and the FDIC published its final rule establishing a Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR that simplifies capital requirements for certain community banking organizations with less than 10 billion in total
consolidated assets (such as the Bank). Under the final rule, depository institutions and their holding companies that meet certain criteria
(generally, those with limited amounts of off-balance sheet exposures, trading assets and liabilities, mortgage servicing assets, and
temporary difference deferred tax assets) qualifying community banking organizations may elect to report the components
of its Tier 1 leverage ratio as a measure of capital adequacy. A qualifying community banking organization with a CBLR of greater than
9 that elects to use the CBLR framework will not be subject to other risk-based and leverage capital requirements and will
be considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements for purposes of the agencies Prompt Corrective
Action PCA framework. Under the final rule, if a bank that has opted to use the CBLR framework subsequently fails to satisfy
one or more of the qualifying criteria but continues to report a leverage ratio of greater than 8 , the bank may continue to use the framework
and will be deemed well capitalized for a grace period of up to two quarters. A qualifying community banking organization
will be required to comply with the generally applicable capital rule and file the relevant regulatory reports if the banking organization:
(1) is unable to restore compliance with all qualifying criteria during the two-quarter grace period (including achieving compliance with
the greater than 9 leverage ratio requirement); (2) reports a leverage ratio of 8 or less; or (3) ceases to satisfy the qualifying criteria
due to consummation of a merger transaction. The final rule became effective on January 1, 2020. The Bank would qualify for the CBLR methodology
and would also be considered to be well capitalized if it elected to utilize such methodology. The
Bank continues to evaluate the benefits of transitioning to this simplified methodology for assessing capital adequacy. 

 Stock Repurchase Plan 

 On March 23, 2022 Salisbury announced that its
Board of Directors renewed its share repurchase program that was established in March 2021. The share repurchase program provides for
the potential repurchase of Salisbury s common stock in amounts up to an aggregate of five percent (5 of the outstanding shares
of Salisbury s common stock from time to time over a period of the next twelve (12) months through privately negotiated transactions
and/or market purchases at appropriate prices, subject to price and market conditions on terms determined to be in the best interests
of Salisbury. However, there is no assurance that Salisbury will complete repurchases of 5 of its outstanding shares over the next twelve
(12) months. Salisbury did not repurchase any shares during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022. 

 Stock Split 

 At Salisbury s annual shareholder meeting
on May 18, 2022, shareholders approved a recommendation by Salisbury s Board of Directors to amend Salisbury s Certificate
of Incorporation to increase Salisbury s authorized shares of Common Stock from 5,000,000 to 10,000,000 shares. On June 30, 2022,
Salisbury s Board implemented a two for one forward split of the shares of the Company s Common Stock as a means of enhancing
the liquidity and marketability of the Company s securities in the best interests of shareholders. 

 Dividends 

 During 2022 Salisbury
declared and paid four quarterly common stock dividends of 0.16 per common share each quarter totaling 3.7 million. In 2021, Salisbury
declared and paid quarterly common stock dividends of 0.14 in first quarter, 0.15 in second quarter, and 0.16 in third and fourth quarter,
respectively, totaling 3.5 million. On January 25, 2023, the Board of Directors of Salisbury declared a common stock dividend of 0.16
per common share payable on February 24, 2023 to shareholders of record on February 10, 2023. Common stock dividends, when declared, will
generally be paid the last business day of February, May, August and November, although Salisbury is not obligated to pay dividends on
those dates or at any other time. 

 Salisbury's ability
to pay cash dividends is dependent on the Bank's ability to pay cash dividends to Salisbury. There are certain restrictions on the payment
of cash dividends and other payments by the Bank to Salisbury. Under Connecticut law, the Bank cannot declare a cash dividend except from
net profits, defined as the remainder of all earnings from current operations. The total of all cash dividends declared by the Bank in
any calendar year shall not, unless specifically approved by the Banking Commissioner, exceed the total of its net profits of that year
combined with its retained net profits of the preceding two years. 

34 

FRB Supervisory
Letter SR 09-4, February 24, 2009, revised March 30, 2009, states that, as a general matter, the Board of Directors of a Bank Holding
Company BHC should inform the Federal Reserve and should eliminate, defer, or significantly reduce dividends if (1) net
income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to
fully fund the dividends; (2) the prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with capital needs and overall current and
prospective financial condition; or (3) the BHC will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy
ratios. Moreover, a BHC should inform the Federal Reserve reasonably in advance of declaring or paying a dividend that exceeds earnings
for the period (e.g., quarter) for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in a material adverse change to the BHC capital
position. 

 Salisbury believes
that the payment of common stock cash dividends is appropriate, provided that such payment considers Salisbury's capital needs, asset
quality, and overall financial condition and does not adversely affect the financial stability of Salisbury or the Bank. The continued
payment of common stock cash dividends by Salisbury will be dependent on Salisbury's future core earnings, financial condition and capital
needs, regulatory restrictions, and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors of Salisbury. 

 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

 See Note 1 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for details of recently issued accounting pronouncements and their expected impact on Salisbury s
consolidated financial statements. 

 IMPACT OF INFLATION AND CHANGING PRICES 

 Salisbury s consolidated
financial statements and related notes thereto presented elsewhere in this Form 10-K are prepared in conformity with GAAP, which require
the measurement of financial condition and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering changes in the relative
purchasing power of money, over time, due to inflation. Unlike some other types of companies, the financial nature of Salisbury s
consolidated financial statements is more clearly affected by changes in interest rates than by inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily
fluctuate in the same direction or in the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services. However, inflation does affect Salisbury
to some extent because, as prices increase, the money supply grows and interest rates are affected by inflationary expectations. There
is no precise method, however, to measure the effects of inflation on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Accordingly,
any examination or analysis of the financial statements should take into consideration the possible effects of inflation. Although not
a material factor in recent years, inflation could impact earnings in future periods. 

35 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Salisbury manages
its exposure to interest rate risk through its internal Asset/Liability Management Committee ALCO using risk limits and
policy guidelines to manage assets and funding liabilities to produce financial results that are consistent with Salisbury s liquidity,
capital adequacy, growth, risk and profitability targets. Interest rate risk is the risk of a negative impact to future earnings due to
changes in interest rates. 

 The ALCO manages
interest rate risk using income simulation to measure interest rate risk inherent in Salisbury s financial instruments at a given
point in time by showing the effect of interest rate shifts on net interest income over a 24-month horizon. In management s December
31, 2022 analysis, the simulations incorporate static growth assumptions over the simulation horizons for regulatory compliance and interest
rate risk measurement purposes. In the dynamic growth scenarios, allowances are made for loan, deposit and security product mix shifts
in selected interest rate scenarios, such as movements between lower rate savings and money market deposit accounts and higher rate time
deposits, and changes in the reinvestment of loan and securities cash flows. Additionally, the simulations take into consideration the
specific re-pricing, maturity and prepayment characteristics of differing financial instruments that may vary under different interest
rate scenarios. 

 The ALCO reviews
the simulation results to determine whether Salisbury s exposure to change in net interest income remains within established tolerance
levels over the simulation horizons and to develop appropriate strategies to manage this exposure. Salisbury s tolerance levels
for changes in net interest income in its income simulations varies depending on the magnitude of interest rate changes and level of risk-based
capital. All changes are measured in comparison to the projected net interest income that would result from an unchanged 
rate scenario where interest rates remain stable over the forecast horizon. The ALCO also evaluates the directional trends of net interest
income, net interest margin and other financial measures over the forecast horizon for consistency with its liquidity, capital adequacy,
growth, risk and profitability targets. 

 ALCO uses four
interest rate scenarios to evaluate interest risk exposure and may vary these interest rate scenarios to show the effect of steepening
or flattening changes in yield curves as well as parallel changes in interest rates. At December 31, 2022, ALCO used the following interest
rate scenarios: (1) unchanged interest rates; (2) immediately rising interest rates immediate parallel upward shift in market
interest rates of 400 basis points across the yield curve; (3) immediately falling interest rates immediate parallel downward
shift in market interest rates of 300 basis points across the yield curve; and (4) gradual and non-parallel changes in interest rates
 the yield curve is assumed to rise in the early part of 2023 before flattening out declining toward the latter part of 2023 and
into 2024. The Federal Funds rate increases to 5.50 by March 2023 and remains flat until a projected 0.25 rate cut in December 2023
and another 0.75 in rate cuts throughout 2024. In the first quarter of 2023, the two year, five year, and 10 year treasury are projected
to increase by 0.80 , 0.70 , and 0.70 , respectively. In the final nine months of 2023, the two year, five year, and 10 year treasury
increase by 0.20 , 0.80 , and 0.80 , respectively. In 2024, the two year, five year, and 10 year treasury decline by 0.65 , 0.45 , and
0.25 , respectively. Simulations do not reflect adjustments in strategy that the ALCO could implement in response to rate shifts. 

 As of December
31, 2022, net interest income simulations indicated that Salisbury s exposure to changing interest rates over the simulation horizons
remained within its tolerance levels. 

 The following table
sets forth the estimated change in net interest income from an unchanged interest rate scenario over the periods indicated for changes
in market interest rates using Salisbury s financial instruments as of December 31, 2022. 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Months 1-12 

Months 13-24 

Immediately rising interest rates + 200bp (static growth assumptions) 
 (3.0 
 1.3 
 
 Immediately rising interest rates + 100bp (static growth assumptions) 
 (1.3 
 0.9 
 
 Immediately falling interest rates - 100bp (static growth assumptions) 
 (1.5 
 (3.9 
 
 Immediately falling interest rates - 200bp (static growth assumptions) 
 (4.8 
 (10.1 

The negative exposure
of net interest income to immediately and gradually rising rates as compared to the unchanged rate scenario results from a faster projected
rise in the cost of funds versus income from earning assets, as relatively rate-sensitive money market and time deposits re-price faster
than longer duration earning assets. The positive exposure to net interest income to immediately and gradually rising rates as compared
to the unchanged rate scenario results from a faster projected rise in the income from earning assets versus the projected increase in
the Bank s cost of funds. The negative exposure to net interest income to immediately falling rates as compared to an unchanged
rate scenario results from a greater decline in earning asset yields compared to rates paid on funding liabilities, as a result of faster
prepayments on existing assets and lower reinvestment rates on future loans originated and securities purchased. 

 While the ALCO
reviews simulation assumptions and back-tests simulation results to ensure that they are reasonable and current, income simulation may
not always prove to be an accurate indicator of interest rate risk or future net interest margin. Over time, the re-pricing, maturity
and prepayment characteristics of financial instruments and the composition of Salisbury s balance sheet may change to a different
degree than estimated. Simulation modeling assumes Salisbury s expectation for future balance sheet growth, which is a function
of the business environment and customer behavior. Another significant simulation assumption is the sensitivity of core savings deposits
to fluctuations in interest rates. Income simulation results assume that changes in both core savings deposit rates and balances are
related to changes in short-term interest rates. The relationship between short-term interest rate changes and core deposit rate and
balance changes may differ from those used in ALCO s estimates for income simulation. Lastly, mortgage-backed securities and mortgage
loans involve a level of risk that unforeseen changes in prepayment speeds may cause related cash flows to vary significantly in differing
rate environments. Such changes could affect the level of reinvestment risk associated with cash flow from these instruments, as well
as their market value. Changes in prepayment speeds could also increase or decrease the amortization of premium or accretion of discounts
related to such instruments, thereby affecting interest income. 

36 

Salisbury also
monitors the potential change in market value of its available-for-sale debt securities in changing interest rate environments. The purpose
is to determine market value exposure that may not be captured by income simulation, but which might result in changes to Salisbury s
capital and liquidity position. Results are calculated using industry-standard analytical techniques and securities data. Equity securities
are excluded from this analysis because the market value of such securities cannot be directly correlated with changes in interest rates.
The following table summarizes the potential change in market value of available-for-sale debt securities resulting from immediate parallel
rate shifts: 

As of December 31, 2022 (in
 thousands) Rates up 100bp 
 Rates up 200bp 

U.S. Treasury 
 (682 
 (1,330 
 
 U.S. Government agency notes 
 (874 
 (1,640 
 
 Municipal bonds 
 (3,345 
 (6,457 
 
 Mortgage backed securities 

U.S. Government agencies and U.S. Government- sponsored enterprises 
 (2,882 
 (5,632 
 
 Collateralized mortgage obligations 

U.S. Government agencies 
 (1,396 
 (2,800 
 
 Corporate bonds 
 (457 
 (863 
 
 Total available-for-sale debt securities 
 (9,636 
 (18,722 

37 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID 
 39 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 41 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 42 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 43 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
 43 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 44-45 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 46-80 

38 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors 

 of Salisbury
Bancorp, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of income, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of
the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter
arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Allowance for Loan Losses General Reserve
Qualitative Adjustments 

As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the financial
statements, the Company has recorded an allowance for loan losses (ALL) in the amount of 14.8 million as of December 31, 2022,
representing management s estimate of the probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of that date. The ALL at December 31,
2022, consists of two components: the ALL individually evaluated for impairment (specific reserves), representing 22 thousand, and
the ALL collectively evaluated for impairment (general reserves), representing 14.8 million. The ALL is increased by provisions
charged to earnings and by recoveries of amounts previously charged off, and is reduced by loan charge-offs. The general reserve component
is based on a quantitative and qualitative analysis, whereby qualitative adjustments are applied to historical loss rates by loan segment.
The development of the qualitative adjustments involves significant and subjective assumptions which require a high degree of judgment
relating to general economic conditions and other qualitative risk factors both internal and external to the Company. 

General reserve factors are based on specific quantitative
and qualitative criteria representing key sources of risk within the loan portfolio. Such sources of risk include those relating to: changes
in lending policies and procedures; changes in national and local economic and business conditions and developments; changes in the nature
and volume of the loan portfolio; changes in lending management and staff; trends in past due, classified, nonaccrual, and other loan
categories; changes in the Company s loan review system and oversight; changes in collateral values; credit concentration risk;
and the competitive environment. 

The qualitative adjustments contribute significantly
to the general reserve component of the ALL and the ALL as a whole. Management s identification and analysis of these considerations
and related adjustments requires significant judgment. We identified the estimate of the qualitative adjustments in developing the general
reserve component of the ALL as a critical audit matter as it required especially subjective auditor judgment. 

39 

How the Critical Audit Matter was addressed in the
Audit 

The primary procedures we performed to address this
critical audit matter included: 

Testing the design and operating
effectiveness of controls over the evaluation of the general reserve qualitative adjustments, including controls addressing: 

o Management s review of the
accuracy of data inputs used in the determination of and as the basis for the qualitative adjustments; and 

o Management s review of the
reasonableness of the judgments and assumptions used to develop the qualitative adjustments for the general reserve. 

Substantively testing management s
process, including evaluating their judgments and assumptions, for developing the general reserve qualitative adjustments, which included: 

o Evaluation of the completeness
and accuracy of data inputs used as a basis for the adjustments relating to qualitative general reserve factors; and 

o Evaluation of the reasonableness
of management s judgments related to the qualitative and quantitative assessment of the data used in the determination of the general
reserve qualitative adjustments and the resulting allocation to the ALL. Among other procedures, our evaluation considered evidence from
internal and external sources, loan portfolio performance and whether such assumptions were applied consistently period to period. 

/s/ 

March 10, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor consecutively
since 2015. 

40 

Salisbury Bancorp,
Inc. and Subsidiary 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, (dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

Interest
 bearing demand deposits with other banks 

Total
 cash and cash equivalents 

Interest bearing Time Deposits with Financial Institutions 

Securities 

Available-for-sale at fair value 

Mutual funds at fair value 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston
 stock at cost 

Loans held-for-sale 

Loans receivable, net (allowance for loan losses:
 14,846 and 12,962) 

Bank premises and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets (net of accumulated amortization:
 5,654 and 5,463) 

Accrued interest receivable 

Cash surrender value of life insurance policies 

Deferred taxes 

Other
 assets 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES and SHAREHOLDERS'
 EQUITY 

Deposits 

Demand (non-interest bearing) 

Demand (interest bearing) 

Money market 

Savings and other 

Certificates
 of deposit 

Total
 deposits 

Repurchase agreements 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston advances 

Subordinated debt 

Note payable 

Finance lease obligations 

Accrued
 interest and other liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Shareholders'
 Equity 1 

Common
 stock - per share par value 

Authorized:
 ; 

Issued: 
 and 

Outstanding: 
 and 

Unearned compensation restricted stock awards 

Paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive (loss) income, net 

Total
 Shareholders' Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

1 The
number of shares and per share amounts for all periods has been adjusted to reflect the two-for-one forward stock split effective
June 30, 2022. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

41 

Salisbury Bancorp, Inc.
and Subsidiary 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Years ended December 31, (in thousands except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest and dividend income 

Interest and fees on loans 

Interest on debt securities 

Taxable 

Tax exempt 

Other interest and dividends 

Total interest and dividend income 

Interest expense 

Deposits 

Repurchase agreements 

Finance lease 

Note payable 

Subordinated debt 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston advances 

Total interest expense 

Net interest and dividend income 

Provision (release) for loan losses 

Net interest and dividend income after provision (release) for loan losses 

Non-interest income 

Trust and wealth advisory 

Service charges and fees 

Mortgage banking activities, net 

(Losses) gains on mutual funds 

Gains on securities, net 

Bank-owned life insurance BOLI income 

Gain on bank-owned life insurance 

Gain on sale of assets 

Other 

Total non-interest income 

Non-interest expense 

Salaries 

Employee benefits 

Premises and equipment 

Write-down of assets 

Information processing and services 

Professional fees 

Collections, OREO, and loan related 

FDIC insurance 

Marketing and community support 

Amortization of intangibles 

Other 

Total non-interest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax provision 

Net income 

Net income available to common shareholders 

Basic earnings per common share 1 

Diluted earnings per common share 1 

Common dividends per share 1 

1 The number of shares
and per share amounts for all periods has been adjusted to reflect the two-for-one forward stock split effective June 30, 2022. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these audited consolidated financial statements. 

42 

Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. and
Subsidiary 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

Years ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Net unrealized (losses) gains on securities available-for-sale 

Reclassification of net realized (gains) losses in net income 

Unrealized (losses) gains on securities available-for-sale 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Unrealized (losses) gains on securities available-for-sale, net of tax 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

Salisbury Bancorp,
Inc. and Subsidiary 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

(in thousands, 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Unearned compensation- restricted
 stock 
 Accumulated other comp-
 rehensive (loss) 
 Total share-holders' 
 
 except
 share amounts) 
 Shares 1 
 Amount 
 capital 
 earnings 
 awards 
 income 
 equity 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2019 

Net income for year 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

Common stock dividends declared per share) 

Stock options exercised 

Issuance of restricted common stock 

Forfeiture of restricted common stock 

Issuance of directors restricted stock awards 

Stock based compensation-restricted
 stock awards 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

Net income for year 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Common stock dividends declared per share) 

Stock options exercised 

Issuance of restricted common stock 

Issuance of directors restricted stock awards 

Stock based compensation-restricted
 stock awards 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

Net income for year 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Common stock dividends declared per share) 

Stock options exercised 

Issuance of restricted common stock 

Issuance of directors restricted stock awards 

Vesting of performance restricted stock units 

Net settlement impact for vesting of performance restricted
 stock units 

Transfer due to 2-for-1 forward stock split 

Stock based compensation-restricted
 stock awards 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

1 The number of shares and
per share amounts for all periods has been adjusted to reflect the two-for-one forward stock split effective June 30, 2022. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

43 

Salisbury Bancorp,
Inc. and Subsidiary 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 

(Accretion), amortization and depreciation 

Securities 

Bank premises and equipment 

Core deposit intangible 

Amortization of modification fees on Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston advances 

Subordinated debt issuance costs 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Fair value adjustment on deposits 

(Gains) and losses, including write-downs 

Sales and calls of securities available-for-sale, net 

Sales of loans, excluding capitalized servicing rights 

Mutual Funds 

Other real estate owned 

Disposals of premises and equipment 

Gain on redemption of bank owned life insurance 

Provision (release) for loan losses 

Proceeds from loans sold 

Loans originated for sale 

(Increase) decrease in deferred loan origination fees and costs, net 

Mortgage servicing rights originated 

(Decrease) increase in mortgage servicing rights impairment reserve 

(Increase) decrease in interest receivable 

Deferred tax (benefit) expense 

Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses 

Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance policies 

Decrease (increase) in income tax receivable 

Increase (decrease) in income tax payable 

Increase in other assets 

Increase in accrued expenses 

Increase (decrease) in interest payable 

(Decrease) increase in other liabilities 

Stock based compensation-restricted stock awards 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Redemptions of Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston stock, net 

Purchases of securities available-for-sale 

Maturity of interest-bearing time deposits with financial institutions 

Proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds from calls of securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds from maturities of securities available-for-sale 

Investment and reinvestment - Mutual Funds 

Loan originations and principal collections, net 

Recoveries of loans previously charged off 

Proceeds from sale/ disposal of premises and equipment 

Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned 

Capital expenditures 

Purchase of bank owned life insurance 

Death benefit proceeds received 

Net cash utilized by investing activities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated
financial statements. 

44 

Salisbury Bancorp,
Inc. and Subsidiary 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 

Years ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Financing Activities 

(Decrease) increase in deposit transaction accounts, net 

Increase (decrease) in time deposits, net 

(Decrease) increase in securities sold under agreements to repurchase, net 

Short-term Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston advances, net 

Long-term Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston advances 

Long-term Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston repayments 

Amortizing Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston advances 

Amortizing Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston repayments 

Issuance of Sub Debt, net of issuance costs 

Repayment of Sub Debt 

Principal payments on note payable 

Decrease in finance lease obligation 

Stock options exercised 

Net settlement of restricted stock units 

Common stock dividends paid 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Cash paid during year 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

New Finance Lease or amendments to Finance Lease 

Fixed Asset 

Lease liability 

Transfers from Fixed Assets to Other Assets 

Loan transfers to Held for Sale 

Loans transferred from Held for Sale to loans Held for Investment 

Extension of operating lease-other assets 

Extension of operating lease-other liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated
financial statements. 

45 

Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million. The Bank has not experienced any losses
on such amounts and all amounts are maintained with well-capitalized institutions. 

Loans collectively
evaluated for impairment 

 The component
of the allowance for loan losses for loans collectively evaluated for impairment is estimated by stratifying loans into segments and credit
risk ratings and then applying management s general loss allocation factors. Salisbury stratified its loans into the following
loan segments: residential real estate secured (residential 1-4 family and 5+ multifamily, construction of residential 1-4 family, and
home equity lines of credit), commercial real estate secured (commercial and construction of commercial), secured by land (farm and vacant
land), commercial and industrial, municipal and consumer. The general loss allocation factors are based on expected loss experience adjusted
for historical loss experience and other qualitative factors, including levels or trends in delinquencies; trends in volume and terms
of loans; effects of changes in risk selection and underwriting standards and other changes in lending policies, procedures and practices;
experience/ability/depth of lending management and staff; and national and local economic trends and conditions. The qualitative
factors are determined based on the various risk characteristics of each loan segment and are risk-weighted such that higher risk loans
generally have a higher reserve percentage. 

 Risk characteristics
relevant to each portfolio segment are as follows: 

 Residential real
estate - Salisbury generally does not originate loans with a loan-to-value ratio greater than 80 percent and generally does not grant
subprime loans. Loans in this segment are collateralized primarily by owner-occupied residential real estate and repayment is dependent
on the credit quality of the individual borrower. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices,
will have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. 

 Commercial real
estate - Loans in this segment are primarily owner-occupied businesses or income-producing investment properties throughout Salisbury s
market area. The underlying cash flows generated by the properties are adversely impacted by a downturn in the economy as evidenced by
decreased sales or increased vacancy rates which, in turn, will have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. For commercial loans,
management annually obtains business and personal financial statements, tax returns, and, where applicable, rent rolls, and continually
monitors the repayment of these loans. 

 Construction loans 
- Loans in this segment are primarily residential construction loans which typically roll into a permanent residential mortgage loan when
construction is completed, or commercial construction which consist primarily of owner-occupied commercial construction projects. 

 Commercial and industrial
loans - Loans in this segment are made to businesses and are generally secured by assets of the business, including equipment and/or
inventory. Repayment is expected from the cash flows of the business. A weakened economy, and resultant decreased retail or wholesale
spending, has an effect on the credit quality in this segment. 

 Farm 
Loans in this segment are made to independent agricultural businesses and may be affected by adverse weather conditions or weak commodity
prices. 

 Vacant land 
 Loans in this segment are primarily dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrowers. Loan-to-value ratios for loans
with vacant land for collateral are more conservative than for commercial or residential real estate loans. 

 Municipal loans 
 Loans in this segment are extensions of credit to municipal and other governmental entities throughout Salisbury s market
area. The bank-qualified, tax-exempt loans are backed by the full faith and credit of the borrowing entity with taxing or appropriating
authority, as appropriate. Maturities range from one year for bond anticipation notes to twenty years for long-term project finance. The
ability of the borrower to pay may be affected by an economic downturn resulting in a severe reduction in tax or other revenues coupled
with the depletion of an entity s reserve liquidity. 

 Consumer loans 
- Loans in this segment are generally unsecured and repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. 

 Loans individually
evaluated for impairment 

 This component relates
to loans that are classified as impaired. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan basis for all portfolio loans (except consumer loans
and homogeneous residential real estate loans) by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s
effective interest rate, the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent or third-party market loan pricing. An allowance
is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value) of the impaired loan are lower than the carrying value of that loan. 

 A loan is considered
impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that Salisbury will be unable to collect the scheduled payments
of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining
impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when
due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines
the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances
surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment
record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. 

 In seeking to protect
the best interests of the Bank, Salisbury may agree to modify the contractual terms of loans. When a loan is modified and a concession
is made to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty, the modification is considered a troubled debt restructuring TDR ).
All TDRs are classified as impaired. 

Land Improvements Up to 

Furniture and Fixtures Up to 

Computer Equipment Up to 

Software Up to 

million arising from the purchase of a branch office in 2001, million arising
from the 2004 acquisition of Canaan National Bancorp, Inc., thousand arising from the 2007 purchase of a branch office in New York
State, million arising from the acquisition of Riverside Bank in December 2014 and million from the purchase of an additional
branch office in New York in 2017. See Note 9. 

 On an annual basis,
management assesses intangible assets for impairment. For fiscal years 2022 and 2021 management performed the assessment as of November
30 th to ensure that there was adequate time to review the results and record an impairment charge, if necessary, prior to finalizing
the annual financial statements. There were no material changes in the Bank s operating environment or financial results during
the month of December 2022 that would have affected the outcome of the assessment. Based on the assessment, intangible assets were not
impaired as of November 30, 2022. If a permanent loss in value was indicated, an impairment charge to income would have been recognized. 

thousand and thousand
in 2022 and 2021, respectively, are expensed as incurred and not capitalized. 

Service Charges and Fees 

 Salisbury offers a variety of deposit accounts with
a range of interest rates and other terms, which are designed to meet customer financial needs. Monthly deposit account fees and account
research fees are recognized over time using the right to invoice measure of progress. Overdraft protection, ATM services, cash management,
bill pay, money transfers, among others, are generally recognized at point in time at the completion of the service. 

 Interchange Fees 

 Salisbury earns interchange fee revenue through
customers use of the Bank s debit cards. Interchange fees are generally recognized as revenue at a point in time when customers
make a purchase using their debit card. 

Based on the credit quality of Salisbury s existing available for sale debt securities portfolio,
which primarily consists of obligations of U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise securities, including mortgage-backed
securities, Salisbury does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-13, as it relates to debt securities, to be significant. For available
for sale debt securities with unrealized losses, credit losses will be recognized as an allowance rather than a reduction in the amortized
cost of the securities. As a result, improvements to estimated credit losses will be recognized immediately in earnings rather than as
interest income over time. 

 In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06,
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848). In 2020, the Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform
(Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, which provides optional guidance to ease the
potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. The objective of the
guidance in Topic 848 is to provide temporary relief during the transition period. The Board included a sunset provision within Topic
848 based on expectations of when the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) would cease being published. At the time that Update 2020-04
was issued, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) had established its intent that it would no longer be necessary to persuade, or
compel, banks to submit to LIBOR after December 31, 2021. As a result, the sunset provision was set for December 31, 2022 12 months
after the expected cessation date of all currencies and tenors of LIBOR. In March 2021, the FCA announced that the intended cessation
date of the overnight 1-, 3-, 6-, and 12-month tenors of USD LIBOR would be June 30, 2023, which is beyond the current sunset date of
Topic 848. Because the current relief in Topic 848 may not cover a period of time during which a significant number of modifications
may take place, the amendments in this Update defer the sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2024, after
which entities will no longer be permitted to apply the relief in Topic 848. The amendments in this ASU were effective upon issuance.
Salisbury does not expect the implementation of ASU 2022-01 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

million related to this transaction were recorded in the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

U.S. Government Agency notes 

Municipal bonds 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

U.S. Government agencies and U.S. Government- sponsored enterprises 

Collateralized mortgage obligations: 

U.S. Government agencies 

Corporate bonds 

Total securities available-for-sale 

Mutual funds 

Non-marketable securities 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston stock 

(in
 thousands) 
 Amortized
 cost basis 
 Gross
 un-realized gains 
 Gross
 un-realized losses 
 Fair
 value 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Available-for-sale 

U.S. Treasury 

U.S. Government Agency notes 

Municipal bonds 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

U.S. Government agencies and U.S. Government- sponsored enterprises 

Collateralized mortgage obligations: 

U.S. Government agencies 

Corporate bonds 

Total securities available-for-sale 

Mutual fund 

Non-marketable securities 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston stock 

The total (losses)
gains on mutual funds for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively,
and equal the (losses) gains on mutual funds held as of the end of year since no sales occurred during those years. 

 Sales of securities
available-for-sale and gross gains and gross losses realized are as follows: 

Gains realized 

Losses realized 

Net gains (losses) realized 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

The following table
summarizes the aggregate fair value and gross unrealized loss of securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position as
of the dates presented: 

U.S. Government Agency notes 

Municipal bonds 

Mortgage- backed securities: 

U.S. Government agencies and U.S. Government - sponsored enterprises 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Corporate bonds 

Total temporarily impaired securities 

Less than 12 Months 
 12 Months or Longer 
 Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 
 Fair value 
 Unrealized 
 losses 
 Fair value 
 Unrealized 
 losses 
 Fair Value 
 Unrealized 
 losses 
 
 Available-for-sale 

U.S. Treasury 

U.S. Government Agency notes 

Municipal bonds 

Mortgage- backed securities: 

U.S. Government agencies and U.S. Government - sponsored enterprises 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Corporate bonds 

Total temporarily impaired securities 

The table below presents
the amortized cost, fair value and tax equivalent yield of securities, by maturity. Debt securities issued by U.S. Government agencies
(SBA securities), MBS, and CMOs are disclosed separately in the table below as these securities may prepay prior to the scheduled contractual
maturity dates. 

After
 5 year but within 10 years 

Total 

U.S. Government Agency notes 
 After 1 year but within 5 years 

After
 5 year but within 10 years 

Total 

Municipal bonds 
 After 1 year but within 5 years 

After 5 year but within 10 years 

After 10 years but within 15 years 

After
 15 years 

Total 

Mortgage-backed securities, U.S. Government Agency and Collateralized mortgage obligations	 
 Securities
 not due at a single maturity date 

Total 

Corporate bonds 
 After 5 years but within 10 years 

Total 

Securities
 available-for-sale 

(1) Yield
is based on amortized cost. 

Salisbury evaluates
debt securities for OTTI where the fair value of a security is less than its amortized cost basis at the balance sheet date. As part of
this process, Salisbury considers whether it has the intent to sell each debt security and whether it is more likely than not that it
will be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery. If either of these conditions is met, Salisbury recognizes an OTTI
charge to earnings equal to the entire difference between the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value at the balance
sheet date. For securities that meet neither of these conditions, an analysis is performed to determine if any of these securities are
at risk for OTTI. 

 The following summarizes,
by security type, the basis for evaluating if the applicable debt securities were OTTI at December 31, 2022. 

 U.S. Treasury notes:
The contractual cash flows are guaranteed by the U.S. government. Ten securities had unrealized losses at December 31, 2022, which approximated
11.15 of their amortized cost. Changes in fair values are a function of changes in investment spreads and interest rate movements and
not changes in credit quality since time of purchase. Management expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities.
Furthermore, Salisbury evaluates these securities for strategic fit and may reduce its position in these securities, although it is not
more likely than not that Salisbury will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their cost basis, which may be maturity,
and does not intend to sell these securities. Management evaluated the impairment status of these debt securities, and concluded that
the gross unrealized losses were temporary in nature. Therefore, management does not consider these investments to be other-than temporarily
impaired at December 31, 2022. 

 U.S. Government Agency
notes: The contractual cash flows are guaranteed by the U.S. government. Twenty-two securities had unrealized losses at December 31, 2022,
which approximated 11.36 of their amortized cost. Changes in fair values are a function of changes in investment spreads and interest
rate movements and not changes in credit quality since time of purchase. Management expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis
of these securities. Furthermore, Salisbury evaluates these securities for strategic fit and may reduce its position in these securities,
although it is not more likely than not that Salisbury will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their cost basis,
which may be maturity, and does not intend to sell these securities. Management evaluated the impairment status of these debt securities,
and concluded that the gross unrealized losses were temporary in nature. Therefore, management does not consider these investments to
be other-than temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. 

 Municipal bonds: Salisbury
performed a detailed analysis of the municipal bond portfolio. Sixty-six securities were in an unrealized loss position at December 31,
2022, which approximated 15.66 of its amortized cost. Management believes the unrealized loss positions are attributable to interest
rate and spread movements and not changes in credit quality. Management expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities.
Furthermore, Salisbury evaluates these securities for strategic fit and may reduce its position in these securities, although it is not
more likely than not that Salisbury will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their cost basis, which may be maturity,
and does not intend to sell these securities. Management evaluated the impairment status of these debt securities, and concluded that
the gross unrealized losses were temporary in nature. Therefore, management does not consider these investments to be other-than temporarily
impaired at December 31, 2022. 

 U.S. Government agency
and U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations: The contractual cash flows are guaranteed
by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. Ninety-three securities had unrealized losses at December 31, 2022,
which approximated 12.42 of their amortized cost. Changes in fair values are a function of changes in investment spreads and interest
rate movements and not changes in credit quality. Management expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. Furthermore,
Salisbury evaluates these securities for strategic fit and may reduce its position in these securities, although it is not more likely
than not that Salisbury will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their cost basis, which may be maturity, and does
not intend to sell these securities. Therefore, management does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at
December 31, 2022. 

 Corporate bonds: Salisbury
regularly monitors and analyzes its corporate bond portfolio for credit quality. Eighteen securities had unrealized losses at December
31, 2022, which approximated 10.36 of their amortized cost. Management believes the unrealized loss position is attributable to interest
rate and spread movements and not changes in credit quality. Management expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities.
Furthermore, Salisbury evaluates these securities for strategic fit and may reduce its position in these securities, although it is not
more likely than not that Salisbury will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their cost basis, which may be maturity,
and does not intend to sell these securities. Management evaluated the impairment status of these debt securities, and concluded that
the gross unrealized losses were temporary in nature. Therefore, management does not consider these investments to be other-than temporarily
impaired at December 31, 2022. 

 The Federal Home
Loan Bank of Boston (FHLBB) is a cooperative that provides services, including funding in the form of advances, to its member banking
institutions. As a requirement of membership, the Bank must own a minimum amount of FHLBB stock, calculated periodically based primarily
on its level of borrowings from the FHLBB. No market exists for shares of the FHLBB and therefore, they are carried at par value. FHLBB
stock may be redeemed at par value five years following termination of FHLBB membership, subject to limitations which may be imposed
by the FHLBB or its regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Board, to maintain capital adequacy of the FHLBB. While the Bank currently
has no intentions to terminate its FHLBB membership, the ability to redeem its investment in FHLBB stock would be subject to the conditions
imposed by the FHLBB. Based on the capital adequacy and the liquidity position of the FHLBB, management believes there is no impairment
related to the carrying amount of the Bank s FHLBB stock as of December 31, 2022. Deterioration of the FHLBB s capital levels
may require the Bank to deem its restricted investment in FHLBB stock to be OTTI. If evidence of impairment exists in the future, the
FHLBB stock would reflect fair value using either observable or unobservable inputs. The Bank will continue to monitor its investment
in FHLBB stock. 

54 

Residential 5+ multifamily 

Construction of residential 1-4 family 

Home equity lines of credit 

Residential real estate 

Commercial 

Construction of commercial 

Commercial real estate 

Farm land 

Vacant land 

Real estate secured 

Commercial and industrial ex PPP Loans 

PPP Loans 

Total Commercial and industrial 

Municipal 

Consumer 

Loans receivable, gross 

Deferred loan origination costs (fees), net 

Allowance for loan losses 

Loans receivable, net 

Loans held-for-sale 

Residential 1-4 family 

Salisbury has entered
into loan participation agreements with other banks and transferred a portion of its originated loans to the participating banks. Transferred
amounts are accounted for as sales and excluded from Salisbury s loans receivable. Salisbury and its participating lenders share
ratably in any gains or losses that may result from a borrower s lack of compliance with contractual terms of the loan. Salisbury
services the loans on behalf of the participating lenders and, as such, collects cash payments from the borrowers, remits payments (net
of servicing fees) to participating lenders and disburses required escrow funds to relevant parties. 

 Salisbury also has
entered into loan participation agreements with other banks and purchased a portion of the other banks originated loans. 
Purchased amounts are accounted for as loans without recourse to the originating bank. Salisbury and its originating lenders share
ratably in any gains or losses that may result from a borrower s lack of compliance with contractual terms of the loan. The
originating banks service the loans on behalf of the participating lenders and, as such, collect cash payments from the borrowers, remit
payments (net of servicing fees) to participating lenders and disburse required escrow funds to relevant parties. 

 At December 31, 2022
and 2021, Salisbury serviced commercial loans for other banks under loan participation agreements totaling
 million and million,
respectively. 

 Concentrations of Credit Risk 

 Salisbury's
loans consist primarily of residential and commercial real estate loans located principally in Litchfield County, Connecticut; Dutchess,
Orange and Ulster Counties, New York; and Berkshire County, Massachusetts, which constitute Salisbury's service area. Salisbury offers
a broad range of loan and credit facilities to borrowers in its service area, including residential mortgage loans, commercial real estate
loans, construction loans, working capital loans, equipment loans, and a variety of consumer loans, including home equity lines of credit,
installment loans and collateral loans. All residential and commercial mortgage loans are collateralized by first or second mortgages
on real estate. The ability of single family residential and consumer borrowers to honor their repayment commitments is generally dependent
on the level of overall economic activity within the market area and real estate values. The ability of commercial borrowers to honor
their repayment commitments is dependent on the general economy as well as the health of the real estate economic sector in Salisbury s
market area. 

 Salisbury s
commercial loan portfolio is comprised of loans to diverse industries, several of which may experience operating challenges from the
economic downturn caused by the COVID-19 virus pandemic virus ). Approximately 31 of the Bank s commercial loan
portfolio are to entities who operate rental properties, which include commercial strip malls, smaller rental units as well as multi-unit
dwellings. Approximately 10 of the Bank s commercial loans are to entities in the hospitality industry, which includes hotels,
bed & breakfast inns and restaurants. Approximately 9 of the Bank s commercial loans are to educational institutions and approximately
4 of Salisbury s commercial loans are to entertainment and recreation related businesses, which include a ski resort, bowling
alleys and amusement parks. Salisbury s commercial real estate exposure as a percentage of the Bank s total risk-based capital,
which represents Tier 1 plus Tier 2 capital, was approximately 198 as of December 31, 2022 and 179 at December 31, 2021 compared to
the regulatory monitoring guideline of 300 . Salisbury s commercial loan exposure is mitigated by a variety of factors including
the personal liquidity of the borrower, real estate and/or non-real estate collateral, U.S. Department of Agriculture or Small Business
Administration SBA guarantees, loan payment deferrals and economic stimulus loans from the U.S. government as a result
of the virus, and other factors. 

Credit Quality 

 Salisbury uses
credit risk ratings as part of its determination of the allowance for loan losses. Credit risk ratings categorize loans by common financial
and structural characteristics that measure the credit strength of a borrower. The rating model has eight risk rating grades, with each
grade corresponding to a progressively greater risk of default. Grades 1 through 4 are pass ratings and 5 through 8 are criticized as
defined by the regulatory agencies. Risk ratings are assigned to differentiate risk within the portfolio and are reviewed on an ongoing
basis and revised, if needed, to reflect changes in the borrowers' current financial position and outlook, risk profiles and the related
collateral and structural positions. 

 Loans rated
as special mention (5) possess credit deficiencies or potential weaknesses deserving management s close attention that
if left uncorrected may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loans at some future date. 

 Loans rated
as substandard (6) are loans where the Bank s position is clearly not protected adequately by the borrower s current
net worth or payment capacity. These loans have well defined weaknesses based on objective evidence and include loans where future losses
to the Bank may result if deficiencies are not corrected, and loans where the primary source of repayment such as income is diminished
and the Bank must rely on the sale of collateral or other secondary sources of collection. 

 Loans rated
 doubtful (7) have the same weaknesses as substandard loans with the added characteristic that the weakness makes collection
or liquidation in full, given current facts, conditions, and values, to be highly improbable. The possibility of loss is high, but due
to certain important and reasonably specific pending factors, which may work to strengthen the loan, its reclassification as an estimated
loss is deferred until its exact status can be determined. 

 Loans classified
as loss (8) are considered uncollectible and of such little value that continuance as Bank assets is unwarranted. This classification
does not mean that the loan has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather, it is not practical or desirable to defer writing
off this loan even though partial recovery may be made in the future. 

 Management
actively reviews and tests its credit risk ratings against actual experience and engages an independent third-party to annually validate
its assignment of credit risk ratings. In addition, the Bank s loan portfolio is examined periodically by its regulatory agencies,
the FDIC and the CTDOB. 

 The composition
of loans receivable by risk rating grade is as follows: 

Residential 5+ multifamily 

Construction of residential 1-4 family 

Home equity lines of credit 

Residential real estate 

Commercial 

Construction of commercial 

Commercial real estate 

Farm land 

Vacant land 

Real estate secured 

Commercial and industrial 

Municipal 

Consumer 

Loans receivable, gross 

(in thousands) 
 Pass 
 Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Loss 
 Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Residential 1-4 family 

Residential 5+ multifamily 

Construction of residential 1-4 family 

Home equity lines of credit 

Residential real estate 

Commercial 

Construction of commercial 

Commercial real estate 

Farm land 

Vacant land 

Real estate secured 

Commercial and industrial 

Municipal 

Consumer 

Loans receivable, gross 

The composition of loans receivable
by delinquency status is as follows: 

Residential 5+ multifamily 

Construction of residential 1-4 family 

Home equity lines of credit 

Residential real estate 

Commercial 

Construction of commercial 

Commercial real estate 

Farm land 

Vacant land 

Real estate secured 

Commercial and industrial 

Municipal 

Consumer 

Loans receivable, gross 

Past
 due 
 
 (In
 thousands) 
 Current 
 
 30-59
 days 
 60-89
 days 
 90-179
 days 
 180
 days and over 
 30
 days and over 
 Accruing
 90 days and over 
 Non-
 accrual 
 
 December 31, 201 

Residential 1-4 family 

Residential 5+ multifamily 

Construction of residential 1-4 family 

Home equity lines of credit 

Residential real estate 

Commercial 

Construction of commercial 

Commercial real estate 

Farm land 

Vacant land 

Real estate secured 

Commercial and industrial 

Municipal 

Consumer 

Loans receivable, gross 

Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs) 

 Troubled debt restructurings
occurring during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

 For
the twelve months ended December 2022, there were no troubled debt restructurings, for the twelve months ended December 2021, there was
one residential real estate loan with a modification and term extension that was a troubled debt restructuring. Salisbury currently does
not have any commitments to lend additional funds to TDR loans. 

 The following table discloses the recorded investment
and number of modifications for TDRs within the last year where a concession has been made, that then defaulted in the current reporting
period. All TDR loans are included in the Impaired Loan schedule and are individually evaluated. 

Total 

Impaired loans 

 Loans individually
evaluated for impairment (impaired loans) are loans for which Salisbury does not expect to collect all principal and interest in accordance
with the contractual terms of the loan. Impaired loans include all modified loans classified as TDRs and loans on non-accrual status.
The components of impaired loans are as follows: 

Non-accrual troubled debt restructured loans 

Accruing troubled debt restructured loans 

Total impaired loans 

Commitments to lend additional amounts to impaired borrowers 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

() 

() 

Residential
 5+ multifamily 

() 

Construction
 of residential 1-4 family 

() 

Home
 equity lines of credit 

() 

() 

() 

Residential
 real estate 

() 

() 

Commercial 

() 

() 

() 

Construction
 of commercial 

() 

() 

Commercial
 real estate 

() 

() 

() 

Farm
 land 

() 

() 

Vacant
 land 

() 

() 

Real
 estate secured 

() 

() 

() 

Commercial
 and industrial 

() 

() 

Municipal 

() 

Consumer 

() 

() 

() 

Unallocated 

() 

Totals 

() 

() 

() 

December
 31, 2020 
 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Beginning balance 
 
 Provision (release) 
 
 Charge-offs 
 
 Recoveries 
 
 Ending balance 
 
 Residential
 1-4 family 

() 

Residential
 5+ multifamily 

() 

Construction
 of residential 1-4 family 

() 

Home
 equity lines of credit 

() 

Residential
 real estate 

() 

Commercial 

() 

Construction
 of commercial 

Commercial
 real estate 

() 

Farm
 land 

Vacant
 land 

Real
 estate secured 

() 

Commercial
 and industrial 

() 

Municipal 

() 

Consumer 

() 

Unallocated 

Totals 

() 

The composition of loans receivable and the allowance for loan losses
is as follows: 

Residential 5+ multifamily 

Construction of residential 1-4 family 

Home equity lines of credit 

Residential real estate 

Commercial 

Construction of commercial 

Commercial real estate 

Farm land 

Vacant land 

Real estate secured 

Commercial and industrial 

Municipal 

Consumer 

Unallocated allowance 

Totals 

(in thousands) 
 Collectively evaluated 
 Individually evaluated 
 Total portfolio 

Loans 
 Allowance 
 Loans 
 Allowance 
 Loans 
 Allowance 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Residential 1-4 family 

Residential 5+ multifamily 

Construction of residential 1-4 family 

Home equity lines of credit 

Residential real estate 

Commercial 

Construction of commercial 

Commercial real estate 

Farm land 

Vacant land 

Real estate secured 

Commercial and industrial 

Municipal 

Consumer 

Unallocated allowance 

Totals 

The credit quality
segments of loans receivable and the allowance for loan losses are as follows: 

Potential problem loans 1 

Impaired loans 

Unallocated allowance 

Totals 

December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 
 Collectively evaluated 
 Individually evaluated 
 Total portfolio 

Loans 
 Allowance 
 Loans 
 Allowance 
 Loans 
 Allowance 
 
 Performing loans 

Potential problem loans 1 

Impaired loans 

Unallocated allowance 

Totals 

1 Potential
problem loans consist of performing loans that have been assigned a substandard credit risk rating and are not classified as impaired,
included in this total are purchased loans net of any purchase marks remaining on the loan. 

A specific valuation
allowance is established for the impairment amount of each impaired loan, calculated using the present value of expected cash flows or
collateral, market value approach, in accordance with the most likely means of recovery. Certain data with respect to loans individually
evaluated for impairment is as follows: 

Home equity lines of credit 

Residential real estate 

Commercial 

Construction of commercial 

Farm land 

Vacant land 

Real estate secured 

Commercial and industrial 

Consumer 

Totals 

Impaired
 loans with specific allowance 
 Impaired
 loans with no specific allowance 
 
 (In
 thousands) 
 Loan
 balance 

Loan
 balance 

Recorded
 Investment 
 Note 
 Average 
 Specific
 allowance 
 Income
 recognized 
 Recorded
 Investment 
 Note 
 Average 
 Income
 recognized 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Residential 

Home equity lines of credit 

Residential real estate 

Commercial 

Construction of commercial 

Farm land 

Vacant land 

Real estate secured 

Commercial and industrial 

Consumer 

Totals 

Finance 
 Bank premises and equipment 1 

Total Leased Assets 

Liabilities 

Operating 
 Accrued interest and other liabilities 

Finance 
 Finance lease obligations 

Total lease liabilities 

1 Net of accumulated depreciation of 720 thousand and 496 thousand, respectively. 

Lease cost in thousands) 
 Classification 
 
 Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2021 

Operating leases 
 Premises and equipment 

Finance leases: 

Amortization of leased assets 
 Premises and equipment 

Interest on finance leases 
 Interest expense 

Total lease cost 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Operating leases 
 5.9 years 
 6.9 years 
 
 Financing leases 
 21.5 years 
 23.5 years 
 
 Weighted Average Discount Rate 1 

Operating leases 

Financing leases 

1 Salisbury uses
the most appropriate FHLBB Advance rates as the discount rate, as its leases do not provide an implicit rate. 

The following is a schedule by years of the present
value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less amount representing interest 

Total present value of net future minimum lease payments 

In December 2022, the Board of Directors voted not to extend the lease for
the Company's Red Oaks Mill office in Poughkeepsie, NY. In January 2023, the Company notified regulators of its intent to close this office.
The lease expires July 31, 2023. 

Fair value of mortgage servicing rights 

Changes in mortgage
servicing rights are as follows: 

Originated 

Amortization (1) 

Balance, end of period 

Valuation Allowance 

Balance, beginning of period 

Decrease (increase) in impairment reserve (1) 

Balance, end of period 

Mortgage servicing rights, net 

(1) Amortization expense and changes in the impairment reserve are recorded in
mortgage banking activities, net. 

For the
years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, contractually specified mortgage servicing fee income amounted to thousand, 
thousand and thousand, respectively and is classified within the mortgage banking activities, net in the accompanying
consolidated statements of income. 

Loans receivable (at book value) 

Total pledged assets 

At December 31,
2022, securities were pledged as follows: million to secure public deposits, million to secure repurchase agreements and million to secure FHLBB advances. 

61 

Buildings and improvements 

Leasehold improvements 

Finance leases 

Furniture, fixtures, equipment and software 

Fixed assets in process 

Total cost 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Bank premises and equipment, net 

Additions 

Impairment 

Balance, end of period 

Core deposit intangibles 

Cost, beginning of period 

Additions 

Cost, end of period 

Amortization, beginning of period 

Amortization 

Amortization, end of period 

Core deposit intangibles, net 

(1) Not subject to amortization. 

The
Company preforms its goodwill impairment evaluation as of November 30 each year unless a triggering event occurs that would require
an interim impairment evaluation. The Company generally utilizes a qualitative approach during this annual assessment to determine
whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If we determine it is
more likely that not that goodwill is impaired, then a quantitative assessment is performed to determine fair value of a reporting
unit. If the carrying value of the reporting unit with goodwill exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired and is
written down by the excess carrying value of the reporting unit. No goodwill impairment was recognized during the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

 The core deposit
intangibles were recorded as identifiable intangible assets and are being amortized over ten years using the sum-of-the-years digits
method. Estimated annual amortization expense of core deposit intangibles is as follows as of December 31, 2022: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

The total amount and
scheduled maturities of time certificates of deposit in denominations of 250 thousand or more are as follows: 

After three through six months 

After six through twelve months 

Over one year 

Total 

Included in certificates of deposit at December
31, 2022 and 2021 are brokered and reciprocal deposits of approximately 51.2 million and 34.7 million, respectively. Included in money
market funds at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are approximately 46.6 million and 73.3 million, respectively of brokered money market accounts. 

Repurchase agreements, average balance during period 

Book value of collateral 

Market value of collateral 

Weighted average rate during period 

Weighted average maturity 

2023 

Total 

(1) Net of
modification costs. 

(2) Weighted
average rate based on scheduled maturity dates. 

In addition to outstanding
FHLBB advances, Salisbury has additional available borrowing capacity, based on current capital stock levels, of 241.2 million including
access to an unused FHLBB line of credit of 3.5 million at December 31, 2022. Advances from the FHLBB are secured by a blanket lien on
qualified collateral, consisting primarily of loans with first mortgages secured by one-to-four family properties, certain unencumbered
investment securities and other qualified assets. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the available borrowing capacity was reduced
by 20.0 million of letters of credit provided to the Company by the FHLBB. 

 Subordinated Debentures: 

 In March 2021, Salisbury completed the issuance of 
million in aggregate principal amount of 3.25 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due 2031 (the Notes in
a private placement transaction to various accredited investors. The Notes have a maturity date of March 31, 2031 and bear interest at
an annual rate of 3.50 per annum, from and including the Closing Date to, but excluding March 31, 2026 or the earlier redemption date,
payable quarterly in arrears. From and including March 31, 2026 to, but excluding the maturity date or earlier redemption date, a floating
per annum rate expected to be equal to the then current three-month SOFR plus 280 basis points, provided, however, that in the event
three-month SOFR is less than zero, three-month term SOFR shall be deemed to be zero, payable quarterly in arrears. The notes are redeemable,
without penalty, on or after March 31, 2026 and, in certain limited circumstances, prior to that date. The Notes have been structured
to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes, subject to applicable limitations. Subordinated debentures totaled million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, which included thousand and thousand, respectively, of remaining unamortized debt issuance
costs. The debt issuance costs are being amortized to maturity. The effective interest rate of the subordinated debentures is 3.80 . 

 Notes Payable: 

 In October 2015,
Salisbury entered into a private mortgage for thousand to purchase the Sharon, Connecticut branch property. The mortgage, which
has an interest rate of , will mature in September 2030. The outstanding mortgage balance at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021
was thousand and thousand, respectively. 

63 

State 

Current provision 

Federal 

State 

Deferred (benefit) expense 

Income tax provision 

The following
is a reconciliation of the expected federal statutory tax to the income tax provision: 

State tax, net of federal tax benefit 

Tax exempt income and dividends received deduction 

BOLI interest and gain 

Other 

Effective income tax rates 

The components of
Salisbury's net deferred tax assets are as follows: 

Interest on non-performing loans 

Accrued deferred compensation 

Post-retirement benefits 

Deferred loan costs, net 

Other real estate owned write-downs 

Restricted stock awards 

Net unrealized holding losses on available-for-sale securities 

Write-down of securities 

Mark-to-market adjustments of securities 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred loan fees, net 

Goodwill and core deposit intangible asset 

Accelerated depreciation 

Prepaid expenses 

Gain on disposal 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Net unrealized holding gains on available-for-sale securities 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset 

Salisbury will only
recognize a deferred tax asset when, based upon available evidence, realization is more likely than not. In accordance with Connecticut
legislation, in 2004, Salisbury formed a PIC, SBT Mortgage Service Corporation. Salisbury does not expect to pay Connecticut state income
tax in the foreseeable future unless there is a change in Connecticut law. 

 Salisbury s policy is to provide for
uncertain tax positions and the related interest and penalties (recorded as a component of income tax expense, if any) based upon management s
assessment of whether a tax benefit is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were no material uncertain tax positions related to federal and state tax matters. Salisbury is
currently open to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities for the years ended
December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2022. 

The Company and the Bank became subject to capital regulations
adopted by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB) and the FDIC, which implemented the Basel III regulatory capital
reforms and the changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The required minimum regulatory capital ratios to which the Bank is subject, and
the minimum ratios required for the Bank to be categorized as well capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework
are noted in the table below. In addition, the regulations established a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 effective January 1, 2019.
Failure to maintain the capital conservation buffer will limit the ability of the Company and the Bank to pay discretionary bonuses and
dividends. At December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded the minimum requirement for the capital conservation buffer. As of December 31, 2022,
the most recent notification from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed
that categorization. 

 The Bank s risk-weighted assets at December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. Actual regulatory capital position and minimum
capital requirements as defined To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions and For Capital Adequacy
Purposes for the Bank are as follows: 

Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

Tier
 1 Capital (to average assets) 

December 31, 2021 

Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

Tier
 1 Capital (to average assets) 

Legal Limitations on Cash Dividends to Common Shareholders 

 Salisbury's
ability to pay cash dividends is substantially dependent on the Bank's ability to pay cash dividends to Salisbury. There are certain legal
limits on the payment of cash dividends and other payments by banks to their holding companies. Under Connecticut law, a bank cannot declare
a cash dividend except from net profits, defined as the remainder of all earnings from current operations. The total of all cash dividends
declared by a bank in any calendar year shall not, unless specifically approved by the Banking Commissioner, exceed the total of its net
profits of that year combined with its retained net profits of the preceding two years. 

 FRB Supervisory
Letter SR 09-4, February 24, 2009, revised March 30, 2009, notes that, as a general matter, the Board of Directors of a Bank Holding Company BHC should inform the Federal Reserve and should eliminate, defer, or significantly reduce dividends if (1) net income
available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully
fund the dividends; (2) the prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with capital needs and overall current and prospective
financial condition; or (3) the BHC will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. Moreover,
a BHC should inform the Federal Reserve reasonably in advance of declaring or paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period (e.g.,
quarter) for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in a material adverse change to the BHC capital structure. 

 Share
Repurchase Program 

 On March 23, 2022 Salisbury announced that its
Board of Directors has renewed its share repurchase program that was established in March 2021. The share repurchase program provides
for the potential repurchase of Salisbury s common stock in amounts up to an aggregate of five percent (5 of the outstanding shares
of Salisbury s common stock from time to time over a period of the next twelve (12) months through privately negotiated transactions
and/or market purchases at appropriate prices, subject to price and market conditions on terms determined to be in the best interests
of Salisbury. However, there is no assurance that Salisbury will complete repurchases of 5 of its outstanding shares over the next twelve
(12) months. Salisbury did not repurchase any shares during 2022. 

 Stock
Spilt 

 On
May 18, 2022, shareholders approved a recommendation by Salisbury s Board of Directors to amend Salisbury s Certificate
of Incorporation to increase Salisbury s authorized shares of Common Stock from 5,000,000 to 10,000,000 shares. On June 30, 2022,
Salisbury s Board implemented a two for one forward split of the shares of the Company s Common Stock as a means of enhancing
the liquidity and marketability of the Company s securities in the best interests of shareholders. The
par value of the Company s stock was not affected by the split and remained at 0.10 per share. All share and per share amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to reflect the two-for-one stock spilt effective June 30, 2022. 

65 

million, million, and million,
respectively. 

 Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) 

 Salisbury
offers an ESOP to eligible employees. Under the Plan, Salisbury may make discretionary contributions to the Plan. Discretionary
contributions vest in full upon six years and reflect the following schedule of qualified service: 20 after the second year, 20 
per year thereafter, vesting at 100 after six full years of service. Benefit expenses totaled thousand, thousand, and
 thousand, in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. On December 21, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted resolutions
to terminate the Plan effective on the date immediately preceding the closing date of the pending merger with NBT (see Note 2). 
Upon termination, the employees participating in the Plan will become fully vested in the Company s contributions to the Plan. 

Other Retirement Plans 

 Split-Dollar Life
Insurance 

 Salisbury adopted
ASC 715-60, Compensation - Retirement Benefits - Defined Benefit Plans - Other Postretirement and recognized a liability
for Salisbury s future postretirement benefit obligations under endorsement split-dollar life insurance arrangements. The total
liability for the arrangements included in other liabilities was thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively.
A credit was posted to the expense in 2022 in the amount of 77 thousand reflecting changes in discount rate and liability needed at December
31, 2022. Expense under this arrangement was thousand and thousand in 2021 and 2020 respectively. 

 Supplemental Retirement
Agreement 

 The Bank assumed a
Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement with a former Chief Executive Officer of Riverside Bank that provides for supplemental post retirement
payments for a fifteen-year period ending in 2025 as described in the agreement. The related liability was thousand and thousand
at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The related expenses were immaterial for all periods presented. 

 Non-Qualified Deferred
Compensation Plan 

 A Non-Qualified
Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan was adopted effective January 1, 2013. This Plan was adopted by the Bank for the benefit
of certain key employees Executive or Executives who have been selected and approved by the Bank to participate
in this Plan and who have evidenced their participation by execution of a Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan Participation Agreement Participation Agreement in a form provided by the Bank. This Plan is intended to comply with Internal Revenue Code Code Section 409A and any regulatory or other guidance issued under such Section. In 2022 and 2021, the Bank awarded seven (7) Executives with
discretionary contributions to the plan. 

 On December 27, 2021, the Board of Directors
of Salisbury Bank and Trust Company executed the Salisbury Bank and Trust Company Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation
Plan (the Plan ), effective as of January 1, 2022. The Plan permits the Board to select certain key employees of the Bank
to participate in the Plan, provided that such employees also evidence their participation by execution of a Participation Agreement.
Before amendment and restatement, the Plan provided solely for discretionary bank contributions to selected participant s accounts.
The participation agreement sets forth the vesting terms of the discretionary contributions and the benefit age at which
a participant could retire with a fully vested benefit. The participation agreement also sets forth how a participant s benefit
would be distributed (i.e., in a lump sum or in annual installments over a period of up to 10 years, as selected by the participant).
Until distribution, a participant s account would earn interest as of the last day of the plan year at the highest certificate of
deposit rate for that year, compounded annually. The participant s benefits under the Plan are subject to the vesting schedule set
forth in the participant s participation agreement. Notwithstanding the vesting schedule, the participant s account
balance will become automatically 100 vested upon involuntary termination without cause, death, disability or a change in control. 

 The amended and restated Plan allows participant
deferrals and provides greater flexibility in participant elections and investment options. The amended and restated Plan also provides
additional distribution options, including distributions in the event of an unforeseeable emergency and on the occurrence of a specified
date before separation from service, and allows a participant to elect for each year s contributions the manner in which such distributions
will be paid. Installment distributions can be made in monthly, quarterly or annual installments. Payment of benefits under the Plan,
other than benefits payable as a result of base salary deferrals, are conditioned on the participant s covenant to comply with
non-compete, non-solicitation and non-disclosure provisions for a period of one year following the participant s separation from
service. The Bank has established a grantor trust to hold the assets of the Plan. Until distributed, the assets of the Plan are not legally
owned by the participants. In second quarter 2022, Salisbury contributed thousand to the amended and restated Plan for Mr. Cantele,
President and Chief Executive Officer. Salisbury s expense for this plan was thousand, thousand and thousand for
2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Management Agreements 

 Salisbury or the Bank has entered into various
management agreements with its named executive officers NEOs ), including a severance agreement with Mr. Cantele, President
and Chief Executive Officer, a change in control agreement with Mr. Albero, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and
a severance agreement with Mr. Davies, President of the New York Region and Chief Lending Officer. In addition to these agreements, Salisbury
has change in control agreements or a severance agreement, with change in control provisions, with ten other executives with payouts ranging
from 0.5 to 1.0 times base salary, annual cash bonus and other benefits. Such agreements, and their subsequent amendments, are designed
to allow Salisbury to retain the services of the designated executives while reducing, to the extent possible, unnecessary disruptions
to Salisbury s operations. 

shares of Common Stock,
which represented less than 5 of Salisbury s outstanding shares of Common Stock at the time the Plan was adopted. Shares of Common
Stock with respect to Awards previously granted under the Plan that are cancelled, terminate without being exercised, expire, are forfeited
or lapse will again be available for issuance as Awards. Also, shares of Common Stock subject to Awards settled in cash and shares of
Common Stock that are surrendered in payment of any Award or any tax withholding requirements will again be available for issuance as
Awards. No more than shares of Common Stock may be issued pursuant to Awards in any one calendar year. In addition, the Plan limits
the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be awarded as Incentive Stock Options ISOs to and the total
number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued as Directors Stock Retainer Awards to . The Directors stock retainer awards
were increased from 240 shares per year to 480 shares per year effective January 25, 2013. Effective January 29, 2016, the Directors
stock retainer award was increased from 480 shares to shares annually. 

 The Board of Directors adopted the 2017 Long Term
Incentive Plan (the 2017 LTIP on February 24, 2017, which was approved by shareholders at the 2017 Annual Meeting on
May 17, 2017. Pursuant to the 2017 LTIP, as of May 2017, following shareholder approval of the 2017 LTIP, no further awards will be
made under the 2011 LTIP, which shall remain in existence solely for purposes of administering outstanding grants. Under the 2017
LTIP, the total number of shares of Common Stock reserved and available for issuance in the next ten years in connection with awards
under the 2017 LTIP is
 shares of Common Stock, which represents approximately 7 of Salisbury s 5,540,072 outstanding
shares of Common Stock as of March 20, 2017. Of the maximum shares available under the 2017 LTIP, shares may be issued upon
the exercise of stock options (all of which may be granted as incentive stock options) and shares may be issued as
restricted stock or restricted stock units (including deferred stock units), provided that, to the extent that a share is issued as
a restricted stock award or a restricted stock unit, the share would no longer be available for award as a stock option, unless the
restricted stock award or restricted unit is forfeited or otherwise returned to the 2017 LTIP. On March 9, 2020 the Board of
Directors approved an amendment to the Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan (the Plan which allows
the Committee, in its sole discretion, to accelerate vesting of all or a portion of an award upon the termination of service of a
participant or the occurrence of a change in control. On June 19, 2022 the Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Salisbury
Bancorp, Inc. 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan (the Plan to reflect the two-for-one stock split effective on June 1,
2022. 

 Restricted stock 

 In 2022, 2021 and 2020
Salisbury granted a total of , , and shares of restricted stock pursuant to its 2017 LTIP to certain employees and
Directors. The fair value of the stock at grant date was determined to be million, thousand, and thousand, respectively.
The stock will be vested three years from the grant date. 

 The following table presents the amount of cumulatively
granted restricted stock awards under the 2011 and 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plans: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

End of Year 

The fair value of the
restricted shares that vested during 2022 and 2021 were thousand and thousand, respectively. Compensation expense for restricted
stock awards in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was thousand, thousand and , respectively. Unrecognized compensation cost relating to
the restricted stock awards was thousand and thousand, as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The remaining weighted
average vesting period on restricted shares as of December 31, 2022, over which unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized,
is 1.2 years. The tax benefit associated with restricted stock awards, which was recognized in earnings for 2022, 2021 and 2020, was approximately
 thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively. 

 Performance-based restricted stock units 

 On March 29, 2019, the Compensation Committee granted
 performance-based restricted stock units (RSU) pursuant to the 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan to further align compensation with
the Bank s performance. This RSU plan replaced the Bank s Phantom Stock Appreciation Units plan (Phantom). The final tranche
of awards under the Phantom plan was paid out in January 2021. 

 The performance goal for awards granted under the
RSU plan in 2019 is based on the increase in the Bank s tangible book value by 3.50 per share over the performance period for threshold
performance. Vesting will range from 75 of target for achieving threshold performance, to 100 of target for achieving target payout
performance 5.00 increase in tangible book value per share) to 150 of target for achieving in excess of target payout performance.
This tranche of awards vested in 2022 at 150 because the growth in Salisbury s tangible book value over the performance period
exceeded target performance. 

 On July 29, 2020, the Compensation Committee granted
an additional units under the RSU plan. The performance goal for this tranche is based on the relative increase in the Bank s
tangible book value compared with a pre-determined group of peer banks over the performance period for threshold performance. Vesting
will range from 50 of target for achieving threshold performance, to 100 of target for achieving tangible book value growth of at least
50 but less than 55 of the peer group, to 150 of target for achieving in excess of target payout performance and, if the performance
goal is achieved, vesting will occur no later than July 29, 2023. 

 On June 23, 2021, the Compensation Committee granted
an additional units under the RSU plan. The performance goal for this tranche is based on the increase in the Bank s tangible
book value by 3.50 per share over the performance period for threshold performance. Vesting will range from 75 of target for achieving
threshold performance, to 100 of target for achieving target payout performance 4.50 increase in tangible book value per share) to
150 of target for achieving in excess of target payout performance and, if the performance goals are achieved, vesting will occur no
later than June 23, 2024. 

 On February 28, 2022, the Compensation Committee
granted an additional units under the RSU plan. The performance goal for this tranche is based on the increase in the Bank s
tangible book value by 3.50 per share over the performance period for threshold performance. Vesting will range from 75 of target for
achieving threshold performance, to 100 of target for achieving target payout performance 4.50 increase in tangible book value per
share) to 150 of target for achieving in excess of target payout performance and, if the performance goals are achieved, vesting will
occur no later than March 15, 2025. 

 The fair value of the awards granted under the RSU plan at the grant date
was thousand thousand and thousand, respectively, for those grants awarded in 2022, 2021, and 2020. In 2020, 350 RSUs were
forfeited. Compensation expense of thousand, thousand and was recorded with respect to these RSUs in 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. No performance-based restricted stock units were awarded prior to 2018. The shares noted above are contingently issuable
only upon attainment of the minimum performance goal. 

 The following table presents the amount of cumulatively
granted performance based restricted stock units awarded under the 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan: 

Granted 

Vested 

End of Year 

Short Term Incentive Plan (STIP) 

 Salisbury offers
a short-term discretionary compensation plan to eligible employees on an annual basis. Under this incentive plan, Salisbury may
reward employees with cash compensation if certain pre-determined Bank and individual performance goals have been achieved. The STIP
expense, which is included in compensation expenses, totaled thousand, thousand, and thousand, in 2022, 2021, and
2020, respectively. 

68 

Exercised 

End of period 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Number of options 
 Weighted average exercise price 
 Weighted average remaining contractual term (in years) 
 Aggregate intrinsic value 
 
 Beginning of period 

Exercised 

End of period 

The
total intrinsic value is the amount by which the fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of an option on the exercise
date. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively. 

Advances 

Repayments 

Balance, end of period 

Reclassification of net realized (gains) losses in net income (1) 

Unrealized (losses) gains on securities available-for-sale 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Unrealized (losses) gains on securities available-for-sale, net of tax 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 (21,595 
 (2,134 
 1,647 

(1) Reclassification
adjustments include realized security gains and losses. The gains and losses have been reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
(loss) income and have affected certain lines in the consolidated statements of income as follows: the pretax amount is reflected as gains
(losses) on securities, net; the tax effect is included in the income tax provision; and the after-tax amount is included in net income.
The income tax benefit related to reclassification of net realized (losses) gains was approximately thousand, thousand, and 
thousand in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The components of accumulated
other comprehensive (loss) income are as follows: 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

69 

Total 

(1) These amounts included the amortized
cost basis of closed portfolios used to designate hedging relationships in which the hedged item is the last layer expected to be remaining
at the end of the hedging relationship. 

The table below presents the fair value of Salisbury s
derivative financial instrument and its classification on the Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. 

Other
 assets 

Total Derivatives designated as hedge instruments 

The tables below present the effect of the Company s
derivative financial instruments on the Income Statement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Gain or (loss) on fair value hedging relationships in Subtopic 815-20 

Interest contracts 

Hedged items 

Derivatives
 designated as hedging instruments 

70 

million depending upon the facts and circumstances. 

Home equity lines of credit 

Commercial 

Land 

Real estate secured 

Commercial and industrial 

Municipal 

Consumer 

Unadvanced portions of loans 

Commitments to originate loans 

Letters of credit 

Total 

The allowance for off balance sheet commitments is calculated by applying a reserve percentage discounted by a utilization factor to
the sum of unguaranteed unused lines of credit and loan contracts that the Bank has committed to but not funded as of year-end. The allowance
for off-balance sheet commitments was 178 thousand and 146 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Salisbury adopted ASC 820-10, Fair Value
Measurement - Overall, which provides a framework for measuring fair value under generally accepted accounting principles. In accordance
with ASC 820-10, Salisbury groups its financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value in three levels based on the markets
in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. GAAP specifies a hierarchy
of valuation techniques based on whether the types of valuation information inputs are observable or unobservable. Observable
inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect Salisbury s market assumptions.
These two types of inputs have created the following fair value hierarchy: 

 Level 1. Quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets. Valuations for assets and liabilities traded in active exchange markets, such as the New York Stock Exchange. Level 1 may also
include U.S. Treasury, other U.S. Government and agency mortgage-backed securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active markets.
Valuations are obtained from readily available pricing sources for market transactions involving identical assets or liabilities. 

 Level 2. Significant other observable inputs. Valuations
for assets and liabilities traded in less active dealer or broker markets. Valuations are obtained from third party pricing services for
identical or comparable assets or liabilities. Salisbury uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk. The fair value of
the interest rate swap is determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts (or payments)
and the discounted expected variable cash payments (or receipts). The variable cash payments (or receipts) are based on an expectation
of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves. To comply with the provisions of ASC 820,
Salisbury incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s
nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance
risk, the Bank has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual
puts, and guarantees. 

 Level 3. Significant unobservable inputs. Valuations
for assets and liabilities that are derived from other methodologies, including option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and
similar techniques, are not based on market exchange, dealer, or broker traded transactions. Level 3 valuations incorporate certain assumptions
and projections in determining the fair value assigned to such assets and liabilities. 

 A financial instrument s level within the
fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Salisbury did not have any
significant transfers of assets between levels 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

 The following is a
description of valuation methodologies for assets recorded at fair value, including the general classification of such assets and liabilities
pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 

Securities available-for-sale and the mutual funds. Securities available-for-sale
and the mutual funds are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Level 1 securities include exchange-traded equity securities. Level
2 securities include debt securities with quoted prices, which are traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments, whose value
is determined using matrix pricing with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by
observable market data. This category generally includes obligations of the U.S. Treasury and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises, mortgage-backed
securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, municipal bonds, SBA bonds, corporate bonds and certain preferred equities. Level 3 is
for positions that are not traded in active markets or are subject to transfer restrictions, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity
and/or non-transferability, and such adjustments are generally based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management s
best estimate is used. For certain corporate bonds, management uses a discounted cash flow model to estimate fair value. 

Derivative financial instruments. The fair value of the interest rate swap
is determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts (or payments) and the discounted
expected variable cash payments (or receipts). The variable cash payments (or receipts) are based on an expectation of future interest
rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves. 

Collateral dependent loans that are deemed to be impaired are valued based
upon the fair value of the underlying collateral less costs to sell. Such collateral primarily consists of real estate and, to a lesser
extent, other business assets. Management may adjust appraised values to reflect estimated market value declines or apply other discounts
to appraised values resulting from its knowledge of the property. Internal valuations are utilized to determine the fair value of other
business assets. Collateral dependent impaired loans are categorized as Level 3. 

Other real estate owned acquired through foreclosure or repossession is adjusted
to fair value less costs to sell upon transfer out of loans. Subsequently, it is carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value
less costs to sell. Fair value is generally based upon independent market prices or appraised values of the collateral. Management adjusts
appraised values to reflect estimated market value declines or apply other discounts to appraised values for unobservable factors resulting
from its knowledge of the property, and such property is categorized as Level 3. 

Assets
held for sale. The fair value of assets held for sale is based on independent market prices, appraised values or the contractual selling
price. 

Assets measured at fair value are as follows: 

U.S. Government Agency notes 

Municipal bonds 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

U.S. Government agencies and U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 

Collateralized mortgage obligations: 

U.S. Government agencies 

Corporate bonds 

Securities available-for-sale 

Mutual funds 

December 31, 2021 

Assets at fair value on a recurring basis 

U.S. Treasury 

U.S. Government Agency notes 

Municipal bonds 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

U.S. Government agencies and U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 

Collateralized mortgage obligations: 

U.S. Government agencies 

Corporate bonds 

Securities available-for-sale 

Mutual funds 

Derivative financial instruments 

Assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis 

Assets held for sale 1 

1 At December 30, 2022, Salisbury
did not have any assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. Prior to December 31, 2021, the Bank entered into an agreement
with a third party to sell the building that houses its Poughkeepsie, New York retail branch and relocate the branch to leased space
nearby. This sale was completed in January 2022. 

Carrying values and
estimated fair values of financial instruments are as follows: 

Securities available-for-sale 

Mutual fund 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston stock 

Loans held-for-sale 

Loans receivable, net 

Accrued interest receivable 

Cash surrender value of life insurance policies 

Financial Liabilities 

Demand (non-interest-bearing) 

Demand (interest-bearing) 

Money market 

Savings and other 

Certificates of deposit 

Deposits 

Repurchase agreements 

FHLBB advances 

Subordinated debt 

Note payable 

Finance lease liability 

Accrued interest payable 

December 31, 2021 

Financial Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Interest bearing time deposits with financial institutions 

Securities available-for-sale 

Mutual fund 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston stock 

Loans held-for-sale 

Loans receivable, net 

Accrued interest receivable 

Cash surrender value of life insurance policies 

Derivative financial instruments 

Financial Liabilities 

Demand (non-interest-bearing) 

Demand (interest-bearing) 

Money market 

Savings and other 

Certificates of deposit 

Deposits 

Repurchase agreements 

FHLBB advances 

Subordinated debt 

Note payable 

Finance lease liability 

Accrued interest payable 

The carrying amounts of financial instruments shown in the above table are included in the consolidated balance sheets under the indicated
captions or are included in other assets and other liabilities. 

74 

Investment in bank subsidiary 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

Subordinated debt 

Other liabilities 

Shareholders' equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Non-interest expenses 

Income before taxes and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary 

Income tax benefit 

Income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary 

Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary 

Other 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Investment in bank 

Net cash utilized by investing activities 

Financing activities 

Issuance of subordinated debt, net of issuance cost 

Payoff of subordinated debt 

Common stock dividends paid 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Net cash (utilized) provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

75 

Less: Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities 

Net income allocated to common shareholders 

Weighted average common shares issued 

Less: Unvested restricted stock awards 

Weighted average common shares outstanding used to calculate basic earnings per common share 

Add: Dilutive effect of performance based restricted stock awards and stock options 

Weighted average common shares outstanding used to calculate diluted earnings per common share 

Earnings per common share (basic) 

Earnings per common share (diluted) 

per
common share payable on February 24, 2023 to shareholders of record as of February 10, 2023. 

On March 1, 2023, Salisbury executed a one-year lease for a building in
Millerton, New York. The lease carries an option for a one year renewal. 

76 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Controls and Procedures 

 Salisbury carried
out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of Salisbury s management, including Salisbury s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of Salisbury s disclosure controls and procedures at
and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, management, including the principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, concluded that Salisbury s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the
period covered by this report and (i) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Salisbury in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

 Management of Salisbury
and its subsidiary is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to the
rules and regulations of the SEC, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, Salisbury s
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by Salisbury s board
of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and includes
those policies and procedures that: 

i. Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of the assets of Salisbury; 

ii. Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of
 Salisbury are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of Salisbury; and 

iii. Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of Salisbury s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 As of December 31,
2022, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on
the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective. 

 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 

 There were no significant
changes in internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that materially affected or are reasonably likely
to materially affect Salisbury s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

 None 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE
REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable. 

77 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 Executive Officers 

 The following table
sets forth information regarding the executive officers of Salisbury, and the executive officers of the Bank who are deemed executive
officers of Salisbury pursuant to Rule 3b-7 of the Exchange Act, followed by certain biographical information as of December 31, 2022.
Executive Officers are generally appointed by the Board each year following the Annual Meeting. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Age 
 
 Years
 of Service 
 
 Peter Albero (1) 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Salisbury and the Bank 
 58 
 5 
 
 Carla L. Balesano (2) 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of the Bank 
 68 
 2 
 
 Richard J. Cantele, Jr. (3) 
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Salisbury and the Bank 
 63 
 41 
 
 Todd M. Clinton (4) 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Bank 
 61 
 36 
 
 John M. Davies (5) 
 President of NY Region and Chief Lending Officer of the Bank 
 60 
 8 
 
 Steven M. Essex (6) 
 Executive Vice President and Head of Salisbury Bank Wealth Advisory 
 53 
 13 
 
 Amy D. Raymond (7) 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Retail Lending Officer of the Bank 
 51 
 21 
 
 Todd J. Rubino (8) 
 Executive
 Vice President and Chief Commercial Lending Officer of the Bank 
 54 
 8 
 
 Stephen M. Scott (9) 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Bank 
 39 
 (1) Mr.
Albero was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Salisbury and the Bank on October 20, 2017. Mr. Albero holds
a BS in Accounting and Finance from Manhattan College (magna cum laude) and an MBA from New York University. He is a Certified Public
Accountant with more than 20 years of accounting management. He previously served as Director, Financial Services Advisory Practice at
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, New York, NY since September 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Albero spent 27 years at Morgan Stanley, New York, NY
most recently serving as Managing Director, Head of SEC Reporting and Disclosure from June 2014 to July 2015. He served as Managing Director,
Head of Regulatory Reporting from September 2012 to May 2014 and prior to that, as Managing Director, Head of Corporate Reporting and
Analysis from December 2007 to August 2012. 

(2) Ms. Balesano was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of the Bank on July 27, 2020.
She previously served as SVP, Syndicated Lending at Liberty Bank. Prior to that, she was an Executive Credit Officer and Head of Corporate
Loan Strategies at Peoples United Bank, and Managing Senior Credit Officer at TD Bank, where she was responsible for the leadership and
management of a team of credit officers overseeing and managing commercial and corporate banking credit activities. She has also held
senior credit positions at Webster Bank and Bank of America. Ms. Balesano received her AD from Manchester Community College, has completed
numerous professional development courses with RMA, and has continued her education at the University of Connecticut. 

(3) Mr.
Cantele has been a director of Salisbury and the Bank since 2005. Mr. Cantele graduated from Fairfield University in 1981 with a Bachelor
of Science degree in Finance; and graduated from the Stonier Graduate School of Banking in 1997. Mr. Cantele became President and Chief
Executive Officer of Salisbury and the Bank in 2009, prior to which he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Salisbury and
the Bank since 2005. Mr. Cantele has been an executive officer of Salisbury since 2001 and of the Bank since 1989, serving as Executive
Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Operating Officer of the Bank and Salisbury and Secretary of Salisbury. 

(4) Mr. Clinton joined the Bank in 1987. He was named Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer in May
of 2014. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Chief Technology and Compliance Officer of the Bank since June of 2002. Mr.
Clinton served as Operations Officer of the Bank from September of 1997 to June of 2002. He is a graduate of the Connecticut School of
Finance and Management and the ABA Compliance Management School and has more than 40 years of experience in community banking. 

(5) Mr. Davies joined the Bank as President of the New York Region in December of 2014 and subsequently assumed
the additional responsibility of Chief Lending Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Davies served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Riverside
Bank for three years and served as Executive Vice President of Riverside Bank prior to that. He is a graduate of Pace University with
an MBA in Business Administration and has more than 25 years of commercial lending experience. 

(6) Mr. Essex joined the Bank in 2009 as Vice President, Trust Officer. In January of 2014 he assumed responsibility as Interim Head of the Trust
Wealth Advisory Department. In June of 2014, he was promoted to Senior Vice President, Head of Trust Wealth Advisory Services, and in
May 2016 he was promoted to Executive Vice President, Head of Trust Wealth Advisory Services. Mr. Essex is a graduate of the University
of Connecticut with a Bachelor s degree in Economics. He has more than 25 years of experience in high net worth relationship management,
business development, and financial and estate planning. 

(7) Mrs. Raymond joined the Bank in June of 2001 as Special Projects Coordinator. She has held a number of
different positions within the Bank since that time, including Branch Manager, Mortgage Processor, and Sales Manager for Mortgage Originations.
In May of 2006 she was promoted to Assistant Vice President, Mortgage Origination. In May of 2007 she was promoted to Vice President,
Mortgage Origination. In May of 2014 she was promoted to Senior Vice President, Retail Lending and CRA Officer. In April of 2015 she was
named Senior Vice President, Retail and Commercial Operations Manager, CRA Officer. Mrs. Raymond was named Executive Vice President and
Chief Retail Banking Officer in February of 2019. She holds a BS in Business Management from the University of New Haven. She has more
than 20 years of experience in community banking. In September of 2022, she was named Executive Vice President, Chief Retail and Consumer
Lending Officer, CRA Officer, and Fair Lending Officer. 

(8) Mr. Rubino joined the Bank in December of 2014 as Senior Vice President, Senior Commercial Lending Officer.
He was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Lending Officer in December of 2021. Prior to this, he served as Executive
Vice President and Senior Lending Officer at Riverside Bank. Mr. Rubino holds a B.A. in Economics from the State University of New York
at Binghamton. He has over 30 years of community banking experience. 

(9) Mr. Scott joined the Bank in May of 2022 as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior
to this, he served as Chief Operating Officer at Fieldpoint Private for 7 years. Mr. Scott holds a BBA in Business Management from Western
Connecticut State University, Ancell School and is a graduate of the ABA Graduate School of Banking Leadership Program at University of
Pennsylvania, Wharton School. 

78 

Information
about Salisbury s Directors 

 The Board of Directors
is composed of a diverse group of persons with a variety of experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that enable the Board of
Directors to meet the needs of Salisbury s governance principles and make a positive impact on the Bank s business and the
communities served by the Bank. In particular, the Board of Directors consists of a group of individuals who collectively bring a mix
of skills and knowledge in the areas of banking, finance, accounting and business. All members of the Board of Directors have an understanding
of finance and accounting, and are able to read and understand fundamental financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles
and their application to the accounting of Salisbury. Each of the director s previous experience, analytical aptitude and leadership
provide Salisbury with a wealth of knowledge from which it may draw. In addition, members of the Board of Directors are active in, and
knowledgeable about, the credit and banking needs of its customers and the local communities in which Salisbury and the Bank operate.
Salisbury believes these individuals possess valuable skills and attributes for service as a director of Salisbury and the Bank and that
their local knowledge and experience assists Salisbury in serving its customers, the community, and shareholders. 

 One of Salisbury s
directors serves on the boards of directors of other public companies. Ms. Schalkwyk is a Director of Exchange Income Corporation, which
is headquartered in Winnipeg, Canada and is a diversified acquisition-oriented corporation focused on opportunities in aerospace and aviation
services and equipment, and manufacturing. The biographies of each of the nominees and continuing board members below contain information
regarding the person s business experience and the experiences, qualifications, attributes or skills that caused the Nominating
and Governance Committee and the Board of Directors to determine that the person should serve as a director. Each existing director is
also a director of the Bank. 

 George E.
Banta (87) has been a director of the Bank and Salisbury since 2014. Mr. Banta is a graduate of Cornell University, School of Hotel
Administration and has over 50 years of experience in the restaurant, hotel, and real estate businesses. Mr. Banta owns the Beekman Arms
Inn in Rhinebeck, New York, and serves as President of Banta Properties, Inc., which owns and operates 5 restaurants. Mr. Banta is also
President of Banta Motel Co. Inc., which owns and operates 20 franchise hotels in New York, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey.
He is also a partner in several real estate holdings. Mr. Banta s expansive knowledge of real estate and related business experience
are valuable to the Board s overall capabilities. 

 Arthur J. Bassin 
(78) has been a director of the Bank and Salisbury since June, 2010. Mr. Bassin served as an Artillery Officer in the U.S. Army from 1965
to 1967. He spent 25 years in consumer, commercial and mortgage banking at Citibank (1969-1983) and Dime Savings Bank of New York (1983-1992),
followed by 10 years in private equity, most recently as President and Chief Executive Officer of TVData Technologies (1994-2001). Mr.
Bassin earned his MBA from Harvard Business School in 1969 and his AB from Harvard College in 1965. He took office as Ancram Town Supervisor
in January 2010. Mr. Bassin has served as a director on several boards and currently serves on the Boards of Cricket Hill Farm, Inc. and
Cricket Hill Academy, Inc. He previously served on the Board of Amputee Coalition of America. Mr. Bassin also serves on the Ancram Town
Board and the Columbia County Board of Supervisors. Mr. Bassin s experience in board and community service, consumer, commercial
and mortgage banking as well as in private equity, in addition to his demonstrated leadership skills, provides valuable insight and skills
to Salisbury and the Bank. 

 Richard J. Cantele,
Jr. , (63) the President and Chief Executive Officer of Salisbury and the Bank, has been a director of Salisbury and the Bank since
2005. Mr. Cantele graduated from Fairfield University in 1981 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance, and graduated from the Stonier
Graduate School of Banking in 1997. Mr. Cantele became President and Chief Executive Officer of Salisbury and the Bank in 2009, prior
to which he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Salisbury and the Bank since 2005. Mr. Cantele has been an executive officer
of Salisbury since 2001 and the Bank since 1989, serving as Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Operating Officer of the Bank
and Salisbury and Secretary of Salisbury. He became a director of Sharon Hospital in 2017 and President of the Sharon Hospital Board in
January of 2020. He also serves as a member of the Town of Salisbury s Board of Finance and the Board of Wyantenuck Country Club.
Mr. Cantele s positions as President and Chief Executive Officer along with his extensive years of service to Salisbury and the
Bank provide him with thorough knowledge of the Bank and the markets which it serves. 

 David B. Farrell 
(67) has been a director of the Bank and Salisbury since June, 2012. Mr. Farrell was elected Chairman of the Board in May of 2019. Mr.
Farrell graduated from St. Bonaventure University, cum laude, in 1977 with a B.S. degree in Business and Accounting. He was formerly employed
by Coopers and Lybrand and was a Certified Public Accountant in New York State. Mr. Farrell is the Chief Executive Officer of Welle Training,
Inc., an organization providing behavioral safety management to the healthcare industry. Mr. Farrell is also Chief Executive Officer and
Founder of Farrell & Company, LLC, a management consulting firm. Mr. Farrell previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer
and member of the board of directors of Bob s Stores (1999-2008), a Division of The TJX Companies, Inc. He previously served as
an officer and director of Berkshire Hills Bancorp (2005-2009). Mr. Farrell s education and experience in the retail and financial
services industries as well as his prior experience as a director of another financial institution provides valuable knowledge and insight
to Salisbury and the Bank. In particular, his extensive background in accounting and financial oversight provides a unique set of skills
to the Board. Mr. Farrell qualifies as a financial expert as defined by federal securities laws. 

 Paul S. Hoffner
 (58) has been a director of the Bank and Salisbury since May, 2021. Prior to that, he served as a member of the Riverside Division
Advisory Board from 2015 to 2020 and Director of Riverside Bank from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Hoffner graduated from Tufts University with a
Bachelor of Science in 1986 and earned his MBA from NYU s Stern School of Business in 1988. He is President of John Herbert Company,
a second-generation floor covering contractor based in Newburgh, NY. Mr. Hoffner joined such company in 1988, and 8 years later, he purchased
it and began heading its business development effort, a role he is still in today. Mr. Hoffner serves on several philanthropic boards,
and his primary interests are providing scholarships for local, less advantaged youth, tackling housing insecurity, poverty alleviation,
and financial literacy. Mr. Hoffner has developed an extensive network of relationships in various communities that Salisbury serves
which, combined with his education, leadership, and extensive business experience will serve to strengthen our Boards. 

79 

Holly J. Nelson 
(69) has been a director of the Bank since 1995 and of Salisbury since 1998. Ms. Nelson graduated from Cornell University with a B.A.
in 1979. She is Development and Events Coordinator for the Hotchkiss Library of Sharon and is a member of Iceland Adventure, LLC, a tour
operator. Ms. Nelson has served in a board and leadership capacity for many organizations, including board member of the Berkshire Taconic
Community Foundation and board member of the HousingUs affordable housing initiative. She has been involved in a variety of non-profit
organizations in NY, CT, and MA, as well as public government positions in the Town of North East, New York. Ms. Nelson s education,
knowledge of marketing and non-profit organizations, and experience in successfully operating small businesses in the New York market
area served by the Bank provides valuable perspective and leadership skills to the Board. 

 Neila B. Radin (69) has been a director of the
Bank and Salisbury since November 22, 2019. Ms. Radin is a graduate of New York University, B.A. (magna cum laude) and the Harvard Law
School, J.D. Ms. Radin retired as a Managing Director and Associate General Counsel of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPMC), where she served
as special advisor to the general counsel of JPMC on complex projects, and was, for more than twenty years, JPMC s General Counsel
of Corporate Law with legal responsibility for corporate law, corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, private equity, strategic
investments, corporate securities issuances and funding, investor relations, and disclosure issues affecting such company. Ms. Radin
has served as Chair of the Securities Law Committee and President of the New York Chapter of the Society of Corporate Secretaries &
Governance Professionals, and served on various Bar committees and panels. She is currently on the Board of Directors of Workforce Professionals
Training Institute, the leading provider of training, consulting and systems building to New York City's workforce development organizations,
where she serves as Chair of its Nominating and Governance Committee and is a member of the Board's Executive, Risk and Program Committees.
Ms. Radin is also the Vice-Chair of the Vassar College Life-Long Learning Institute, a volunteer member organization that offers non-credit
educational courses to its members, 55 and older. Ms. Radin s education, experience, and legal background provides valuable insight
into financial services and corporate governance matters. 

 Grace E. Schalkwyk (67) has been
a director of the Bank and Salisbury since November 22, 2019. Ms. Schalkwyk holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Finance) from University of
British Columbia, with executive education from Columbia Business School and INSEAD. She holds the Board Leadership Fellow designation
from the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD). Ms. Schalkwyk is an advisor to fintech and other technology companies. Her
prior experience includes positions with Standard & Poor s (now S&P Global) leading a global information business; Artnet
AG as Chief Financial Officer; Reuters (now Refinitiv) in corporate development; and Credit Suisse in investment banking, advising clients
on financings, strategic transactions, enhancing valuation, and investor engagement. Ms. Schalkwyk is active with NACD, Women Corporate
Directors, cybersecurity events and fintech forums. She serves on the boards of Winnipeg, MB based Exchange Income Corp., and Lakeville,
CT based Crescendo, Inc. She qualifies as a financial expert as defined by federal securities laws. Ms. Schalkwyk s
extensive experience and skillset provides valuable insight in today s complex and fast paced banking environment. 

 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Salisbury s Board of Directors is committed to
strong corporate governance practices to maximize Shareholder value while complying with legal requirements and safe and sound banking
principles. Accordingly, the Board has adopted corporate governance practices, which, along with the rules and listing standards of the
NASDAQ Equities Market NASDAQ and the regulations of the SEC, are periodically reviewed by Management and the Board. 

Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors 

 The Board of Directors
met seventeen (17) times during 2022. The Board s committees include the Executive Committee, the Human Resource and Compensation
Committee, the Nominating and Governance Committee, and the Audit Committee. The members of the committees are appointed by the Board
of Directors at least annually. In addition to these committees, the Bank and Salisbury also maintain committees to oversee other areas
of Salisbury s operations. 

 During 2022, no director
attended fewer than 75 of the aggregate of (1) the total number of meetings held by Salisbury s Board of Directors during the period
that the individual served; and (2) the total number of meetings held by all committees of Salisbury s Board of Directors on which
they served. Salisbury does not maintain a policy for directors attendance at Salisbury s Annual Meetings of Shareholders,
but encourages all directors to attend. All of the directors of Salisbury attended Salisbury s Annual Meeting of Shareholders on
May 18, 2022 with the exception of Mr. Cantele. 

 Director Independence 

 The Board has determined
that all directors are considered independent within the meaning of the independence standards of NASDAQ with the exception
of Richard J. Cantele, Jr., who is an executive officer of Salisbury and the Bank. Mr. Cantele does not serve on any of Salisbury s
committees other than the Executive Committee. All members of the Nominating and Governance Committee, Human Resource and Compensation
Committee and Audit Committee are independent . The Board based these determinations of independence primarily on a review
of responses to Director Questionnaires regarding current and previous employment relationships as well as material transactions and
relationships between Salisbury and Salisbury s or the Bank s directors, members of their immediate families, and entities
in which directors have a significant interest. 

80 

Board Diversity 

 As a Smaller Reporting Company, Salisbury meets the diversity objectives
of NASDAQ by including at least two female directors. 

Board Diversity Matrix (as of December 31, 2022) 
 
 Total Number of Directors 
 8 

Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not Disclose Gender 
 
 Gender Identity 
 
 Directors 
 3 
 5 
 0 
 0 
 
 Demographic Background 
 
 African American or Black 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Alaskan Native or Native American 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Asian 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Hispanic or Latinx 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 White 
 3 
 5 
 0 
 0 
 
 Two or More Races or Ethnicities 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 LGBTQ+ 
 0 
 
 Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 
 0 

Executive Committee 

 The Executive Committee
has general supervision over the affairs of Salisbury between meetings of the Board of Directors. The current members of the Executive
Committee are Richard J. Cantele, Jr., David B. Farrell (Chair), Neila B. Radin, and Grace E. Schalkwyk. The Executive Committee did not
meet during 2022. 

 Nominating and Governance Committee 

 The Nominating and
Governance Committee is responsible for assisting the Board of Directors in identifying and evaluating potential nominees for director
and recommending qualified nominees to the Board for consideration; oversight of the annual evaluation process for the Board of Directors;
and selecting director nominees to stand for election at Salisbury s annual meetings of Shareholders. The Nominating and Governance
Committee is also responsible for making recommendations to the Board of Directors relating to appropriate corporate governance matters,
developments and practices. The Nominating and Governance Committee considers various factors and qualifications, in accordance with its
Charter, Salisbury s Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Its process for identifying and evaluating nominees
for director has historically operated informally and without any differences in the manner in which it evaluates nominees recommended
by Shareholders. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing Shareholder nominations submitted to Salisbury.
The Nominating and Governance Committee determines whether such nomination was submitted timely and whether it satisfies all applicable
eligibility requirements before recommending appropriate action to the Board of Directors. 

 The Nominating and
Governance Committee and the Board of Directors consider factors such as established age and tenure guidelines as well as those summarized
below in evaluating director candidates, including any nominee submitted by Shareholders, and trust that Salisbury s Bylaws, Nominating
and Governance Committee Charter and the qualifications and considerations such as those enumerated below provide adequate guidance and
flexibility in evaluating candidates. The Board of Directors has adopted a policy with regard to the consideration of diversity in identifying
director nominees, and remains committed to diversity at the Board level as well as with regard to employees. An audit or monitoring of
such policy is performed periodically to examine and evaluate the effectiveness of the policy, as well as compliance with relevant laws,
regulations and/or best practices. Audits of the policy are performed by either internal audit or Salisbury s Risk Management Department
and are submitted to the Audit Committee for review. Salisbury s Nominating and Governance Committee works to ensure that the Board
is composed of individuals with expertise in fields relevant to Salisbury s business, experience from different professions and
industries, a diversity of age, ethnicity and gender and a range of tenures. This approach has proven beneficial given the complex and
dynamic nature of the banking industry. The Nominating and Governance Committee considers a number of qualifications when identifying
and recommending a director nominee, including whether the nominee would assist in achieving a mix of board members that represents a
variety of background, experience and diversity. Salisbury has been a leader in Board diversity, particularly with respect to gender diversity,
with three women serving on the Board, and diversity of professional experience. 

 Qualifications for
director candidates include: 

Sound business judgment and financial sophistication in order to understand
Salisbury s financial and operating performance and to provide strategic guidance to management. 

Business management experience. 

Integrity, commitment, honesty and objectivity. 

A general familiarity with (i) prudent banking principles; (ii) bank operations/technology;
(iii) pertinent laws, policies and regulations; (iv) markets and trends affecting the financial services industry; and (v) local economic
and business opportunities. 

Strong communication skills in order to function effectively with Salisbury s
constituencies. 

A financial interest in Salisbury as a Shareholder. Generally, candidates
should not have relationships with Salisbury or the Bank that would disqualify the candidate from being considered independent. 

Generally, candidates should be involved in philanthropic, education, business
or civic leadership positions. 

Generally, candidates should assist in achieving a mix of board members that
represents a variety of background, experience and diversity. 

Generally, candidates should be familiar with the geographic areas served
by Salisbury. 

Candidates should evidence a willingness and commitment to devote sufficient
time and energy to prepare for and attend Board of Director and committee meetings and to diligently perform the duties and responsibilities
of service as a director. 

Candidates should not have interests that conflict with those of Salisbury
or the Bank. 

81 

Salisbury has not paid
a fee to any third-party or parties to identify or assist in identifying or evaluating potential nominees. The Board of Directors and
Nominating and Governance Committee do not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, gender, national origin, religion or disability
in the evaluation of candidates. The Nominating and Governance Committee also recommends to the Board of Directors for its approval that
directors serve as members of each committee, recommends corporate governance principles applicable to Salisbury, and oversees the annual
evaluation process for the Board. 

 A copy of Salisbury s
Nominating and Governance Committee Charter is available on Salisbury s website at salisburybank.com under Shareholder Relations ,
 Governance Documents . 

 Any Shareholder who
wishes to recommend a nominee for director should send the required information, as set forth below and in Salisbury s Bylaws, to
the attention of the Secretary at Salisbury Bancorp, Inc., 5 Bissell Street, P.O. Box 1868, Lakeville, Connecticut 06039-1868. Such nominations
by a Shareholder shall be made only if such written notice of such Shareholder s intent to make such nomination has been given to
the Secretary not less than twenty (20) days and not more than sixty (60) days prior to the anniversary of the date on which Salisbury
first mailed its proxy statement related to the annual meeting in the prior year. 

 Such Shareholder s
notice shall set forth (1) as to each person whom the Shareholder proposes to nominate for election as a Director, (a) the name, age,
business address and residence address of such person, (b) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (c) the class and number
of shares of Salisbury that are beneficially owned by such person, and (d) any other information relating to such person that is required
to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to applicable law
and regulations (including without limitation such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and
to serving as a director if elected); and (2) as to the Shareholder giving the notice, (a) the name and address, as they appear on Salisbury s
books, of such Shareholder, (b) the class and number of shares of Salisbury that are beneficially owned by such Shareholder, (c) representation
that the Shareholder is a holder of record of Common Stock of Salisbury entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person
or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice, and (d) a description of all arrangements or understandings
between the Shareholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination
or nominations are to be made by the Shareholder. 

 The current members
of the Nominating and Governance Committee are George E. Banta, Arthur J. Bassin, David B. Farrell, Holly J. Nelson, and Neila B. Radin
(Chair). All such members are independent in accordance with the independence standards of NASDAQ. The Nominating and Governance
Committee met two (2) times during 2022. 

 Audit Committee 

 Salisbury s
Audit Committee has been established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act for the purpose of overseeing the accounting
and financial reporting process of Salisbury and audits of the financial statements of Salisbury. Subject to the Audit Committee Charter,
the Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its responsibility to the Shareholders, potential Shareholders and investment
community relating to corporate accounting, reporting practices of Salisbury, and the quality and integrity of the financial reports of
Salisbury. In so doing, it is the responsibility of the Audit Committee to appoint and oversee the independent auditors for Salisbury
and to maintain free and open means of communication between the directors, the independent auditors, the internal auditors and the financial
management of Salisbury. 

 The responsibilities
of the Audit Committee are governed by Salisbury s Audit Committee Charter, which was adopted by Salisbury s Board of Directors.
Its current members are David B. Farrell, Paul S. Hoffner, Neila B. Radin, and Grace E. Schalkwyk (Chair). The Audit Committee formally
met nine (9) times during 2022. Each of the members of the Audit Committee is an independent director in accordance with
the independence standards of NASDAQ. The Board of Directors has determined that David B. Farrell and Grace E. Schalkwyk each qualify
as an audit committee financial expert as such term is defined by federal securities laws and regulations. Additionally,
the Board of Directors are of the opinion that the members of the Audit Committee bring diverse educational, business and professional
experience that is beneficial to the Audit Committee function of Salisbury and the Bank and enables the Audit Committee to fulfill its
responsibility. 

 A copy of Salisbury s
Audit Committee Charter is available on Salisbury s website at salisburybank.com under Shareholder Relations , Governance
Documents . 

 Compensation
Committee 

 The Human Resource
and Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee is currently comprised of the following members of the Board of
Directors, all of whom are considered independent pursuant to the independence standards of NASDAQ: George E. Banta, Arthur
J. Bassin (Chair), David B. Farrell, Paul S. Hoffner, and Neila B. Radin. The Compensation Committee met eight (8) times during 2022. 

 A copy of Salisbury s
Human Resource and Compensation Committee Charter, which the Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors review and assess at least
annually, is available on Salisbury s website at salisburybank.com under Shareholder Relations , Governance
Documents . 

 The role and responsibilities
of the Compensation Committee as well as discussion of the Compensation Committee processes and procedures, including its use of independent
compensation consultants and the role of executive officers in determining or recommending the amount or form of executive and director
compensation, are further described below under Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 

82 

Compensation Committee Report 

 The Compensation Committee performs various functions
related to compensation, which is described more fully below. The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the
section below entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Based on this discussion, the Compensation Committee recommended
that the Board of Directors include the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in Salisbury s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022. 

 Submitted by: George E. Banta, Arthur J. Bassin
(Chair), David B. Farrell, Paul S. Hoffner, and Neila B. Radin. 

 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

 No current or former executive officer or other
employee of Salisbury or the Bank served on the Compensation Committee in 2022. No executive officer of Salisbury served on the Compensation
Committee or the board of directors of any other entity during 2022 that had one of its executive officers serving on the Compensation
Committee or the Board of Salisbury or the Bank. No member of the Compensation Committee of Salisbury had any relationship with Salisbury
or the Bank since January 1, 2022 requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 

 Board Leadership Structure 

 The Board of Directors
regularly reviews and assesses the effectiveness of its leadership structure and will implement any changes as it deems appropriate. 

 The leadership structure
is comprised of a staggered board of directors, which includes the two separate individuals who serve as the Chairman, who is independent
under the independence standards of NASDAQ, and the Chief Executive Officer, who also serves as President (and is, therefore, not considered
independent as he is an officer of Salisbury). All other directors are independent under the independence standards of NASDAQ. David B.
Farrell was elected Chairman of the Board of Salisbury and the Bank May 15, 2019. 

 Salisbury s Bylaws
provide that the Board shall elect from among its members a Chair of the Board, who shall preside at all Board meetings. If the Chair
is an officer of Salisbury or the Bank, the Board shall elect an independent Presiding Director and shall by resolution set forth the
duties and responsibilities of the Presiding Director. The Board will elect a Chair, and, if warranted, a Presiding Director, at Salisbury s
Organizational Meeting following the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

 The Board has set the
number of directors at eight (8). Salisbury has established responsibilities for the Chair and, if warranted, a Presiding Director, to
ensure that the Board of Directors is adequately informed about the affairs of Salisbury and the Bank. Salisbury deems that this leadership
structure ensures appropriate and effective governance of Salisbury and the Bank. 

 Consistent with applicable
corporate governance guidelines and Salisbury s Bylaws, the primary responsibilities of the Chair are to be responsible for the
leadership of the board meetings, prepare the agenda and preside over meetings. 

 To assess effective
independent oversight, the Board of Directors has adopted several governance practices, including regular executive sessions of independent
directors and annual performance evaluations of the directors and the Chief Executive Officer by the independent directors. The Board
of Directors maintains a Board Chair Succession Plan which provides an appropriate framework to ensure that Salisbury is able to meet
the changing needs of the organization; to think about recruitment and assessment of board members before they are needed; and to maintain/improve
competencies of board members. 

 Salisbury recognizes
that no single leadership model is appropriate for all companies at all times. The Board of Directors recognizes that, depending upon
the circumstances, other leadership models might be appropriate at some point, and the Board of Directors periodically reviews its leadership
structure in this regard. 

 Board Role in Risk Oversight 

 The Board oversees
risks inherent to the business of banking by delegating oversight to certain Board committees, management committees and the Chief Executive
Officer. Additionally, the Audit Committee monitors: (1) the effectiveness of Salisbury s internal controls; (2) the integrity of
its Consolidated Financial Statements; and (3) compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. In addition, the Audit Committee coordinates
with the internal audit function and the independent registered public accountant. 

 At the monthly Board meetings, the Board receives
the minutes from each Committee meeting and the Chair of each Committee reports on Committee actions. The Board also receives various
reports from key members of senior management and regularly reviews and discusses these reports with senior managers. The Board reviews
the policies and practices of Salisbury and the Bank on a regular basis. In addition, the Board reviews corporate strategies and objectives
and evaluates business performance. 

 During times when there may be elevated levels of
risk, such as those presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board monitors the impact on the risk profile by regularly reviewing and monitoring
management s response and actions taken to mitigate risks, including financial and non-financial risks, business continuity, and
human capital risks. 

 Code of Ethics 

 Salisbury has adopted
a Code of Ethics and Conflicts of Interest Policy that applies to Salisbury s directors, officers and employees, including Salisbury s
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. A copy of such Code of Ethics is available upon request, without charge,
by writing to Shelly L. Humeston, Secretary, Salisbury Bancorp, Inc., 5 Bissell Street, P. O. Box 1868, Lakeville, Connecticut 06039-1868. 

83 

Derivative Trading and
Hedging 

 Salisbury has a
policy that all of its directors, officers and other employees who possess material nonpublic information regarding Salisbury refrain
from making any purchases, sales or recommendations relating to Salisbury. In addition, it is Salisbury s policy that all directors,
officers and employees shall not engage in any of the following activities with respect to Salisbury s securities: (1) trade in
Salisbury s securities on a short-term basis; any security of Salisbury purchased by a director, officer or employee of Salisbury
is to be held for investment rather than trading purposes (which generally means for a minimum of nine (9) months before sale, unless
the security is subject to a forced sale which has been approved based upon a significant and unexpected change in the financial circumstances
of the purchaser, such as the death or serious illness of a family member, or other substantial justification; (2) purchase Salisbury s
securities on margin; or (3) make any short-sales of Salisbury s securities. 

 Board of Directors 
Communications with Shareholders 

 Salisbury s
Board of Directors does not have a formal process for Shareholders to send communications to the Board of Directors, however, the volume
of such communications has historically been de minimus. Accordingly, the Board of Directors considers Salisbury s informal process
to be adequate to address the needs of Salisbury and its shareholders in this regard. Historically, such informal process has functioned
as follows: any Shareholder communication is forwarded to the President and Chief Executive Officer for appropriate discussion by the
Board of Directors and the formulation of an appropriate response. Shareholders may forward written communications to the Board of Directors
by addressing such comments to the Board of Directors of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc., 5 Bissell Street, P. O. Box 1868, Lakeville, Connecticut
06039-1868. 

 Audit Committee Report 

 The following is
the report of the Audit Committee with respect to the audited financial statements for the fiscal year 2022. The Audit Committee has reviewed
and discussed Salisbury s audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 with management and has discussed
the matters that are required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, with Baker
Newman & Noyes, P.A., LLC BNN ), Salisbury s independent registered accounting firm. 

 The Audit Committee
has received the written disclosures and the letter from BNN required by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board for independent
auditor communications with Audit Committees concerning independence, and has discussed BNN s independence with respect to Salisbury
with BNN. 

 Based on the review
and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements be
included in Salisbury s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for filing with the SEC. 

 The foregoing Report
of Salisbury s Audit Committee is provided in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. Pursuant to such rules and regulations,
this Report shall not be deemed soliciting material, filed with the SEC, subject to Regulation 14A and 14C of the SEC or
subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. 

 Submitted by: David
B. Farrell, Paul S. Hoffner, Neila B. Radin, and Grace E. Schalkwyk (Chair). 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

As a Smaller Reporting Company , we are
not required to include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD&A under Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K. Nevertheless,
we want our shareholders to fully understand our compensation policies and procedures so we have incorporated many, but not all, of the
required disclosures of a full CD&A. 

This section discusses Salisbury s overall executive
compensation philosophy, guidelines and programs for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Salisbury s executive compensation
program and policies are designed to reward Salisbury s executives based upon achievement of long and short-term goals while effectively
managing risk. The following discussion explains the process, objectives and measurements used by the Compensation Committee in setting
the compensation of Salisbury s Named Executive Officers (also referred to herein as NEOs ). For a full understanding
of the information presented, please consider the following discussion together with the tables and its related narrative and footnotes
below. 

The following table lists Salisbury s NEOs during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Position
 with Salisbury During the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Richard
 J. Cantele, Jr. 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer of Salisbury and the Bank 
 
 John
 M. Davies 
 
 President
 of NY Region and Chief Lending Officer of the Bank 
 
 Peter
 Albero 
 
 Executive
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Salisbury and the Bank 

Executive Summary 

 The Board of Directors of Salisbury and the Compensation
Committee are committed to a pay-for-performance philosophy. The executive team continues to take actions to improve profitability and
ensure that Salisbury acts in a manner that preserves and enhances Shareholder value. 

The Compensation Committee remains focused on maintaining
pay/performance alignment and maintaining proportionality relative to our stakeholders. Using approved performance metrics and vehicles
available through our 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan, the Compensation Committee is able to appropriately compensate executives and staff. 

84 

During 2022, the Compensation Committee evaluated incentive
awards based on Salisbury s performance against financial goals, performance relative to peers, and progress toward the achievement
of other strategic and operational priorities. Salisbury s performance remained strong throughout 2022 and even exceeded expectations.
The 2022 awards were consistent with the Compensation Committee s intent to reward and retain key employees for ensuring that, despite
the uncertainties, Salisbury remains focused on strategies and goals that will enhance long-term value for all stakeholders. 

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and its effects
remain uncertain. The Compensation Committee and the Board will continue to evaluate our compensation programs to ensure that they continue
to serve the best interests of our company and our Shareholders. 

2022 Executive Compensation Decisions 

 The Compensation Committee, working with an independent
compensation consultant, establishes base salary and the target Short Term Incentive Plan STIP bonus opportunity
levels for each NEO based on a review of Bank performance overall and on each NEO s performance for the previous year
against specific financial targets and individual qualitative goals. Base salary levels have been targeted at or near the average
base salary compensation level of the peer group. If necessary and appropriate, market adjustments or equity awards are used to bring
the NEOs up to peer group averages. The Compensation Committee endeavors to maintain a balance between cash compensation and equity-based
compensation and to balance short term incentives with longer term incentives. In 2022, the Compensation Committee recommended,
and the Board approved, an award to NEOs of 11,500 shares of restricted stock and 7,000 performance based restricted stock
units in the aggregate. 

Compensation Governance Practices 

 Salisbury has in place the following executive compensation
best practices and policies, which promote sound compensation governance and are in the best interests of our Shareholders: 

What
 We Do 
 What
 We Don t Do 
 
 Performance-based
 variable compensation through formal incentive programs 
 No
 severance benefits exceeding 3x base salary and annual cash bonus 
 
 Annual
 incentive plan risk assessments 
 No
 guaranteed incentive payments 
 
 Benchmarking
 against a relevant peer group 
 No
 uncapped non-sales incentive plans 
 
 Double
 trigger for change in control payments 
 No
 significant/excessive perquisites 
 
 Clawback
 policy 
 No
 tax gross-ups 
 
 Independent
 compensation consultant 

Say-on-Pay Results 

 Salisbury holds an annual non-binding Shareholder advisory
vote with respect to say-on-pay . Nearly 97 of Salisbury s voting Shareholders approved the say-on-pay 
proposal concerning the compensation of Salisbury s NEOs described in Salisbury s annual meeting proxy statement for the year
2022. The Compensation Committee believes that Shareholders generally support Salisbury s approach to executive compensation and
will continue to consider the say-on-pay Shareholder voting results when making compensation decisions for NEOs. 

Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 

 The compensation objectives of the Board of Directors
and Compensation Committee begin with the premise that Salisbury s success depends, in large part, on the dedication and commitment
of the people Salisbury places in key management positions and on the incentives provided to such persons to successfully implement Salisbury s
business strategy and other corporate objectives. The overall objective of Salisbury s compensation program is to maximize Shareholder
value through the recruitment, retention and motivation of talented employees and officers (including NEOs as identified in the section
titled Executive Compensation and the Summary Compensation Table below) of Salisbury. We recognize that the Bank operates
in a competitive environment for talent. Therefore, Salisbury s approach considers a full range of compensation elements that enable
us to compare favorably with Salisbury s peers as we seek to attract and retain key personnel. 

The Compensation Committee pays particular attention
to designing compensation plans that do not encourage Salisbury s NEOs and other executive officers to take inappropriate or excessive
risks. As such, Salisbury assesses its program annually from a risk perspective and seeks to implement the best practices in the industry. 

The compensation program closely aligns total compensation
with achievement of strategic and financial goals. It is Salisbury s intention that a meaningful portion of total compensation should
be tied to Shareholder return, thereby encouraging and rewarding NEOs and other executives for pursuing strategies that increase tangible
book value and earnings per share over time. Accordingly, the 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan was approved by Shareholders at the Annual
Meeting on May 17, 2017 in order to award restricted stock, stock options and other equity related awards to Salisbury s officers,
employees and directors to further align their interests with those of Salisbury s Shareholders. 

The Compensation Committee engaged Pearl Meyer &
Partners, LLC Pearl Meyer in 2021 to conduct a comprehensive review of all elements of compensation for NEOs to ensure
that the current compensation structure is consistent with the objectives outlined above. The Compensation Committee intends for total
compensation to be commensurate with that of like institutions with similar performance. 

85 

As a result of this comprehensive review, during 2021
the Compensation Committee recommended, and the Board of Directors approved, compensation changes for NEOs to ensure that total compensation
is aligned with the market median. The Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors annually review the CEOs participation in a non-qualified
deferred compensation plan, which allows for annual discretionary employer contributions based on a qualitative assessment of the CEOs
performance and the financial performance of the Bank to provide more flexibility in the contribution, vesting, investment vehicles and
distribution of payments. Stock ownership guidelines for the CEO are a minimum of three (3) times his base salary in Salisbury common
stock. 

Role of the Compensation Committee 

 The Compensation Committee is currently comprised of
five (5) members of the Board, each of whom is independent in accordance with the independence standards of NASDAQ. The Compensation Committee
operates under a written charter that establishes its responsibilities. A copy of the Compensation Committee Charter can be found on Salisbury s
website at salisburybank.com under Shareholder Relations , Governance Documents . The Compensation Committee
reviews the charter annually to ensure that the scope of the charter is consistent with the Compensation Committee s expected role.
Under the charter, the Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing Salisbury s general compensation strategy, establishing
salaries and reviewing benefit programs, including pensions and incentive compensation plans; and advising the Board of Directors and
making recommendations with respect to such plans. In particular, the Compensation Committee reviews and approves Salisbury s compensation
strategies and objectives, reviews and approves executive officers compensation, administers incentive plans and reviews and makes
recommendations to the Board regarding general employee pension benefit plans and other benefit plans on an as needed basis. The charter
provides that compensation and benefit matters related to the Chief Executive Officer must also be approved by all outside (non-employee)
members of Salisbury s Board based on the evaluation of the CEO s performance. Consistent with applicable law, the charter
also authorizes the Compensation Committee to engage consultants and other professionals without management approval to the extent deemed
necessary to discharge its responsibilities. 

Salisbury strives for pay packages that are fair and
equitable. In determining whether compensation of executive officers is fair, the Compensation Committee considers each component of compensation
including salary and bonus, stock compensation, amounts to be received from any deferred compensation, severance, perquisites and benefits.
In establishing levels of compensation, the Compensation Committee endeavors to take into consideration an individual s performance,
level of expertise, responsibilities, length of service, comparable levels of compensation paid to executives of other companies of comparable
size and development within the industry, as well as the financial condition and performance of the Bank. 

Role of Management 

 Certain members of the Bank s executive team provide
input to the Compensation Committee regarding compensation matters. In particular, officers who serve as a resource to the Compensation
Committee include the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Director of Human Resources, and the Corporate
Secretary. As requested by the Compensation Committee from time to time, these officers provide input regarding employee compensation
programs for employees other than themselves, present data and analysis to formulate recommendations regarding employee compensation,
benefit plans, related insurance matters, and promotions. The Director of Human Resources provides the Compensation Committee with data
for its consideration in setting the base salary for the NEOs. The Compensation Committee considers this input from management critical
to ensuring that the Compensation Committee and its advisers have the data needed to make informed decisions with respect to Salisbury s
compensation programs and each NEO s individual compensation. 

No individual executive officer may participate in the
review, discussion or decision of the Compensation Committee regarding their own compensation. Executive officers may participate in the
review, discussion or decision of the Compensation Committee regarding other employee compensation, director compensation, benefit plans
and promotions. 

Interaction with the Compensation Consultant 

 As discussed above, in carrying out its duties, the
Compensation Committee has the sole authority to retain, at Salisbury s expense, and to terminate a compensation consultant and
to approve the consultant s fees and all other terms of the engagement. The Compensation Committee also has the authority to retain
independent counsel and other advisors at Salisbury s expense as needed. The consultants provide expertise and information about
competitive trends in the industry. The consultants also provide survey data and assist in assembling relevant comparison groups for various
purposes and establishing benchmarks for base salary and cash incentives based on a number of factors. 

During 2022, the Compensation Committee engaged the
services of Pearl Meyer as an objective third-party consultant to conduct services including review of the proposed compensation peer
group for 2022 pay decisions, NEO compensation, Board compensation, and guidance with 2022 incentive plan payouts. 

In conducting its review, the Compensation Committee
also relied on other survey sources, including Pearl Meyer & Partners Northeast Bankers Salary Survey 2022 and S&P Global for
proxy compensation data for NEOs for the approved compensation peer group. 

86 

Benchmarking of Compensation; Peer Group 

 The Compensation Committee periodically benchmarks
compensation of executive officers and directors utilizing published industry surveys and publicly disclosed information from a peer
group of publicly traded financial institutions. The last comprehensive competitive market assessment by Pearl Meyer was conducted in
2020. On December 15, 2021, the Compensation Committee reviewed and approved a peer group of banks with publicly traded holding companies
to assist the Compensation Committee in helping to assess competitive compensation as well as relative performance comparisons for short
and long-term incentive opportunities for 2022. The peer group includes the following: 

Holding Company Name 
 Bank Name 
 
 1 st Constitution Bancorp 
 1 st Constitution Bank 
 
 Bank of Princeton 
 The Bank of Princeton 
 
 Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Bankwell Bank 
 
 Chemung Financial Corp. 
 Chemung Canal Trust Company 
 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 
 Embassy Bank (for the Lehigh Valley) 
 
 Emclaire Financial Corp. 
 Farmers National Bank of Emlenton 
 
 Evans Bancorp, Inc. 
 Evans Bank, N.A. 
 
 FNCB Bancorp, Inc. 
 FNCB Bank 
 
 Greene County Bancorp, Inc. (MHC) 
 The Bank of Greene County (MHC) 
 
 Norwood Financial Corp. 
 Wayne Bank 
 
 Parke Bancorp, Inc. 
 Parke Bank 
 
 Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 
 Pathfinder Bank 
 
 PCSB Financial Corp. 
 PCSB Bank 
 
 Provident Bancorp, Inc. 
 Provident Bank (MHC) 
 
 Prudential Bancorp, Inc. 
 Prudential Savings Bank 
 
 Rhinebeck Bancorp, Inc. (MHC) 
 Rhinebeck Bank 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. 
 Union Bank 
 
 Unity Bancorp, Inc. 
 Unity Bank 
 
 Western New England Bancorp, Inc. 
 Westfield Bank 

Elements of Compensation 

 Salisbury s compensation program with respect
to its NEOs primarily consists of the following: 

Base salary, which is designed
to provide a reasonable level of predictable income commensurate with the market standards for each executive position and to attract
and retain executives with a proven track record of performance; 

Annual incentive compensation,
which is based both on specified goals and benchmarks for individuals and the institution as a whole, as recommended by senior management
and approved by the Compensation Committee; 

Long-term equity compensation,
which aligns the interests of key employees with those of the Shareholders through the grant of restricted shares and stock options. A
portion of our equity awards are performance-based and are intended to link financial outcome for key employees to performance that maximizes
long-term Shareholder returns; 

Severance benefits payable pursuant
to agreements between certain executive officers and Salisbury; 

Retirement benefits payable pursuant
to Salisbury s tax-qualified and non-qualified plans; and 

Other broad-based benefits consistent
with industry practice, which are competitive in the market. 

 The following sections summarize the role of each component,
how decisions are made and resulting decisions for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as they relate to the NEOs. 

Base Salaries. Base salary is designed
to provide a reasonable level of predictable income commensurate with market standards for the position held, adjusted for specific responsibilities,
individual experience and demonstrated performance. Base salaries are reviewed annually and adjusted from time to time to realign base
salaries with market levels after considering various factors including: 

Market data for peer institutions
and direct competitors located in the Northeast region; 

Internal review of the NEOs 
compensation, both individually and relative to other officers of Salisbury; 

Qualification and experience of
the executive; 

Achievement of company-wide objectives;
and 

Financial condition and results
of operations, including tax and accounting impact on Salisbury of the base salaries. 

Details regarding base salary are included in the section
below entitled Executive Compensation and the Summary Compensation Table in that section. 

Short Term Incentive Plan STIP ).
 Salisbury maintains a STIP intended to motivate employees to attain desired objectives and to encourage teamwork and collaboration
while aligning compensation with overall Bank performance. This STIP is a key element of the total compensation benefits provided to Salisbury s
NEOs and enables Salisbury to remain competitive with the market by providing the opportunity to receive meaningful cash incentives. The
design of the STIP is intended to ensure that no benefits are paid to executives and other employees unless Bank performance goals are
attained. If Salisbury s performance goals are attained, the Compensation Committee then considers, with management s input,
whether to make awards under the STIP. The Compensation Committee reviews specific performance measures to determine participants 
payout amounts based upon recommendations made by management. The Compensation Committee believes that establishing specific performance
measures for participants will enhance the ability of the STIP to encourage performance in those targeted areas. The Compensation Committee
reviews the STIP each year and, if necessary, adjusts the specific performance metrics, goals and compensation opportunities based on
business objectives. 

87 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Compensation
Committee approved the following performance metrics for NEOs: 

Performance Metric 
 Weighting 
 
 Earnings Per Share EPS 
 40 
 
 Efficiency Ratio 
 20 
 
 Return on Average Assets ROAA 
 40 

For fiscal year 2022, Salisbury s annual target
incentive ratios as a percentage of base salary and in dollars, as well as the actual incentive ratios as a percentage of base salary
and in dollars for the NEOs, were as follows: 

Executive 
 Target STOP 
 (as a of salary) 
 Target STIP 
 (in 
 Actual STIP 
 (as a of salary) 
 Actual STIP 
 (in 
 
 Richard J. Cantele, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer 
 35 
 182,000 
 50.96 
 265,720 
 
 John M. Davies, President of NY Region and Chief Lending Officer 
 30 
 80,647 
 43.68 
 117,744 
 
 Peter Albero, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 30 
 81,416 
 43.68 
 118,867 

After reviewing 2022 financial performance, the Compensation
Committee approved 2022 STIP awards as noted above. Salisbury s earnings per share, efficiency ratio and return on average
assets for fiscal year 2022 exceeded the performance targets. Each of these financial targets was weighted as noted above when determining
the actual STIP payout. Salisbury s outperformance on all three financial metrics resulted in an actual STIP payout that exceeded
the target payout. 

Long Term Incentive Plan LTIP ).
 The goal of the Salisbury 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan 2017 LTIP is to promote Salisbury s growth and profitability,
to provide certain employees, officers and directors with an incentive to achieve corporate objectives, to motivate, attract and retain
individuals of outstanding competence, and to strengthen the mutuality of interests between such persons and Salisbury s Shareholders. 

On February 28, 2022, the Compensation Committee granted a total of 13,900
Performance Based Restricted Stock Units pursuant to the 2017 LTIP, including 7,000 units in the aggregate to NEOs. Mr. Cantele received
3,000 units, Mr. Davies received 2,000 units, and Mr. Albero received 2,000 units. The aggregate fair value of the units as of the grant
date was determined to be 393,752 and the units vest three years from the grant date. Vesting of the Performance Based Restricted Stock
Units are contingent upon achieving tangible book value TBV growth over the three-year measurement period. The threshold
increase in TBV in order to receive an award is 3.50. No portion of the award will be earned if the increase in TBV at the end of the
measurement period is less than 3.50. One hundred percent (100 of the award (the target payout will be earned if the
increase in TBV for the measurement period is 4.50, and an award will be earned in excess of the target payout if growth in TBV exceeds
 4.50. The actual number of restricted stock units earned will be scaled, based on actual performance over the measurement period versus
the stated goals. Performance Based Restricted Stock Units are reported in the year granted and reflect the maximum possible valuation 

Executive 
 Threshold 
 3.50 or 75 
 Target 
 4.50 or 100 
 Maximum 
 6.50 or 150 
 
 Richard J. Cantele, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2,250 
 3,000 
 4,500 
 
 John M. Davies, President of NY Region and Chief Lending Officer 
 1,500 
 2,000 
 3,000 
 
 Peter Albero, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 1,500 
 2,000 
 3,000 

On February 28, 2022, the Compensation Committee granted
28,700 shares of restricted stock, including 11,500 shares in the aggregate to NEOs. Mr. Cantele received 5,600 shares, Mr. Davies received
2,400 shares, and Mr. Albero received 3,500 shares. On May 18, 2022, 7,980 shares of restricted stock were granted to non-employee directors.
The aggregate fair value of the stock as of the grant date was determined to be 813,000 and 205,000, respectively and the stock vests
three years from the grant date. 

Phantom Stock Appreciation Unit and Long Term
Incentive Plan. Effective January 1, 2015, the Board of Directors adopted the 2015 Phantom Stock Appreciation Unit and Long Term
Incentive Plan (the Plan to promote the long-term financial success of Salisbury and the Bank, by providing a means to
attract, retain and reward individuals who can and do contribute to such success and further align their interests with those of Salisbury s
Shareholders. A Phantom Stock Appreciation Unit represents the right to receive a cash payment on the determination date
(i.e., the vesting date) equal to the positive difference between the strike price (which shall not be less than the tangible book value)
on the grant date and the tangible book value of a share of Salisbury s Common Stock on the determination date. There have been
no Phantom Stock Appreciation Units granted since 2018, which awards vested in 2021, on the third anniversary of the grant date. 

88 

Management Agreements. Salisbury or the
Bank has entered into various management agreements with its NEOs, including a severance agreement with Mr. Cantele, Salisbury s
President and Chief Executive Officer, a change in control agreement with Mr. Albero, Salisbury s Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer, and a severance agreement with Mr. Davies, Salisbury s President of the New York Region and Chief Lending Officer.
Such agreements are designed to allow Salisbury to retain the services of the designated executives while reducing, to the extent possible,
unnecessary disruptions to Salisbury s operations. In addition, it is the intent of the Compensation Committee to better align the
interests of the executive with those of Salisbury s Shareholders, and the Compensation Committee believes that these agreements
allow executives to more objectively evaluate opportunities for Shareholders without causing undue personal financial conflicts. For a
more detailed description of these agreements, please see the discussion following the Summary Compensation Table, below. 

Broad-based Benefits. Salisbury or
the Bank also provides Salisbury s NEOs certain broad-based benefits available to all qualifying employees, including: 

a defined contribution 401(k)
retirement plan and discretionary profit-sharing plan; 

an employee stock ownership plan;

medical coverage (all employees
share in a percentage of the cost, depending on their elections); and 

group life insurance coverage
(death benefit capped at 350,000, with the value of the death benefit over 50,000 being reported as taxable income to all employees). 

Executive Benefits and Perquisites. In addition to the broad-based
benefits described above, the NEOs received the following fringe benefits and perquisites in 2022: 

the NEOs and other senior officers
may participate in a non-qualified deferred compensation plan into which the Board can make a discretionary contribution each year; and 

the NEOs and other senior officers
are parties to split dollar life insurance agreements with the Bank. 

Risk Management 

 The Compensation Committee regularly reviews all incentive-based
plans to ensure that controls are in place so that Salisbury s employees are not presented with opportunities to take unnecessary
and excessive risks that could threaten the value of Salisbury and the Bank. With respect to the STIP and LTIP, the Compensation Committee
reviews and approves the Bank-wide performance objectives that determine bonus payments to be made thereunder. The performance objectives
selected are prevalent measures used by comparable financial institutions and Salisbury s peer group. 

Compensation Clawback Policy 

 Salisbury maintains a Compensation Clawback Policy,
which applies to Salisbury s STIP, LTIP and employer discretionary contributions to the NQDC Plan and which allows Salisbury to
recover any bonus payment made to any Covered Officer, as defined below, that was based on materially inaccurate financial statements
or other materially inaccurate reporting or fraud. The Clawback Policy applies to Salisbury s NEOs and other Executive Officers
(each a Covered Officer ). In the event the Compensation Committee determines that fraud, material error, gross negligence
or intentional illegal conduct or misconduct (each, a Covered Misconduct as defined in the Clawback Policy) has contributed
to Salisbury s restatement of its financial statements, the Compensation Committee, in its discretion, will, refer the matter and
its recommendation as to an appropriate remedy to the Board of Directors for consideration. 

Impact of Accounting and Tax on the Form of Compensation 

 The Compensation Committee and Salisbury s Board
of Directors and management consider the accounting and tax (individual and corporate) consequences of the compensation plans prior to
making changes to the plans. The Compensation Committee has considered the impact of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718 (formerly SFAS No. 123(R)), on Salisbury s use of equity incentives as a
key retention tool. 

As part of its role, the Compensation Committee also
reviews and considers sections of the Internal Revenue Code IRC ), including but not limited to, potential parachute payments
that could result in excise taxes under IRC Section 280G and the deductibility of executive compensation under Section 162(m), which limits
deduction of compensation paid to NEOs to 1,000,000. This applies to base salary, all cash incentive plans and equity grants other than
stock options. During fiscal 2022, one employee received taxable compensation in excess of 1,000,000 and therefore, deductibility of
compensation was limited by these sections of the IRC. 

Ownership Guidelines 

 Salisbury maintains minimum stock ownership guidelines
for the CEO of three (3) times base salary. Salisbury regularly reviews the stock ownership levels of directors and other NEOs. As of
December 31, 2022, Salisbury s executive officers and directors own approximately 8 of Salisbury s outstanding shares. Such
amounts include a total of 64,580 restricted shares awarded to officers and directors. 

89 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 Named Executive
Officers of Salisbury 

 The following table shows
the compensation of Salisbury s Named Executive Officers, which include those individuals who served as President and Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Lending Officer, and Chief Financial Officer as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Pursuant to federal securities laws and
regulations, these persons are referred to as Salisbury s Named Executive Officers or NEOs. 

Summary
 Compensation Table 

Name and
 Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus (1) 
 ) Stock Awards (2)(3) ) 

Option
 Awards 
 ) 
 All
 Other Compensation (4) 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Richard J. Cantele, Jr., President and Chief 
 2022 
 520,000 
 265,720 
 286,133 
 0 
 146,433 
 1,218,286 
 
 Executive Officer 
 2021 
 435,308 
 223,860 
 233,808 
 0 
 152,427 
 1,045,403 
 
 John M. Davies, President of NY Region and
 Chief 
 2022 
 268,822 
 117,744 
 154,982 
 0 
 35,488 
 577,036 
 
 Lending Officer 
 2021 
 262,266 
 96,776 
 125,805 
 0 
 82,212 
 567,059 
 
 Peter Albero, Executive Vice President and Chief 
 2022 
 265,385 
 118,867 
 184,145 
 0 
 47,052 
 615,449 
 
 Financial Officer 
 2021 
 258,912 
 95,538 
 143,845 
 0 
 98,301 
 596,596 

(1) 
 Bonuses are accrued in the year indicated and are
 generally paid in the succeeding fiscal year. A portion of the bonus Mr. Cantele and Mr. Albero earned in 2022 was paid in 2022. The
 remainder was paid in 2023. The bonus earned in 2021 was paid in 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 Reflects the aggregate fair value of restricted stock awards on date of grant. The value is the amount recognized for financial statement purposes in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 718. 
 
 (3) 
 The 2022 awards to NEOs Cantele, Davies, and Albero represent 5,600, 2,400, and 3,500 shares of restricted stock, respectively, granted on 2/28/22 pursuant to Salisbury s LTIP, which shares vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. The 2022 awards also include units of performance based restricted stock, of which 3,000 units were granted to Mr. Cantele and 2,000 units were granted to each of Mr. Davies and Mr. Albero, on 2/28/22. The maximum payout for such performance based restricted stock units (assumes a share price of 30.00) is 135,000 for Mr. Cantele; 90,000 for Mr. Davies; and 90,000 for Mr. Albero. 
 
 (4) 
 All other compensation was comprised of the following elements for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Cantele ) 
 Davis ) 
 Albero ) 
 
 Group Term Life Insurance 
 1,224 
 856 
 464 
 
 Non-qualified Deferred Comp. 
 101,781 
 0 
 10,244 
 
 401(k) Employer Contribution 
 26,985 
 24,493 
 24,493 
 
 Dividends paid on restricted stock 
 11,072 
 4,768 
 6,480 
 
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
 5,371 
 5,371 
 5,371 
 
 TOTAL 
 146,433 
 35,488 
 47,052 

CEO Pay Ratio 23:1 

 The SEC requires disclosure of the median annual total
compensation of all employees (excluding the chief executive officer), the annual total compensation of the chief executive officer, and
the ratio of the median of the annual total compensation of all employees to the annual total compensation of the chief executive officer.
The disclosure is required in any annual report, proxy or information statement, or registration statement that requires executive compensation
disclosure pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K. 

The Compensation Committee strives to maintain an executive
compensation program that is consistent and internally equitable to motivate Salisbury s employees to perform in ways that enhance
Shareholder value. Salisbury is committed to internal pay equity, and the Compensation Committee monitors the relationship between the
pay of executive officers and the pay of non-executive employees. The Compensation Committee reviewed a comparison of the CEO s
annual total compensation in fiscal year 2022 to that of all other employees for the same period. 

The calculation of annual total compensation for the
CEO for fiscal year 2022 as is reported in the Summary Compensation Table was 1,218,286. The calculation of annual total compensation
of all other employees was determined by Total W-2 Earnings in the fiscal year reported (2022) and includes all employees
as of December 31, 2022. Once the median employee was identified, the Summary Compensation Table methodology was used to calculate annual
total compensation. 

Salisbury s median employee is identified by:
(i) calculating the annual total compensation described above for each of Salisbury s employees, and (ii) ranking the annual total
compensation of all employees except for the CEO from lowest to highest (a list of 193 employees). 

The annual total compensation for fiscal year 2022 for
Salisbury s median employee was 53,200. The resulting ratio, which represents a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent
with SEC rules and guidance, of Salisbury s CEO s pay to the pay of Salisbury s median employee for fiscal year 2022
is 23 to 1. 

The SEC s rules provide flexibility in determining
the pay ratio and a degree of imprecision that may result from the use of estimates, assumptions, adjustments, and statistical sampling
that may be used to identify the median employee thus, this information should not be relied upon for comparing Salisbury
to its peers. 

90 

Severance Agreement for Richard J. Cantele, Jr. On
January 24, 2020, the Bank and Richard J. Cantele, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank, entered into an updated
severance agreement, which became effective as of January 1, 2020 and superseded and replaced a prior severance agreement, to
provide benefits to Mr. Cantele in the event of his termination of employment for the reasons set forth in the agreement. The term
of the severance agreement is for two years, and automatically renews annually; provided, however, in the case of a change in
control (as defined in the severance agreement), the severance agreement will automatically be extended for two years. In the event
of Mr. Cantele s (i) involuntary termination of employment by the Bank for reasons other than cause (as defined
in the severance agreement) or due to his death or disability, or (ii) his voluntary termination of employment for good
reason (also, as defined in the agreement) in either case, other than on or after a change in control, he will be entitled to
a severance benefit equal to two (2) times the greater of (i) his annual base salary rate in effect on the date of termination or
his average annual base salary rate for the twelve-month period ending on the last day of the calendar month immediately before the
date of termination and (ii) his average annual cash bonus paid during or attributable to the two-year period immediately preceding
the date of termination. Such benefit will be paid in a lump sum within 60 days following Mr. Cantele s separation from
service. In addition, Mr. Cantele generally will be entitled to continued participation in the Bank s group health plan for
two years following separation from service, subject to his payment of a portion of the premium substantially equal to the portion
paid by executive employees of the Bank for comparable coverage. Payment of the severance benefits will be conditioned upon the
execution by Mr. Cantele of a general release within 60 days of the date of his termination of employment, unless such payment is
otherwise required to be deferred under IRC Section 409A. The severance agreement also requires Mr. Cantele to comply with
non-compete, non-solicitation and non-disclosure provisions for a period of one (1) year following his separation from service. The
non-compete restriction shall not apply if the executive s employment is terminated following a change in control. 

In the event of a change in control followed by Mr.
Cantele s involuntary termination of employment for reasons other than cause or voluntary termination of employment for good reason,
he will be entitled to a lump sum cash payment equal to three (3) times the greater of (i) his highest annual base salary rate in effect
on the date of termination or his highest annual base salary rate for the twenty-four month period ending on the last day of the month
preceding the date of termination, and (ii) his highest annual cash bonus paid or attributable to any year in the three-year period immediately
preceding the date of the Change in Control, payable within 60 days following termination. The Bank will also provide him with life insurance
coverage and non-taxable medical and dental coverage, at no cost to him, substantially comparable to the coverage maintained by the Bank
for him prior to his date of termination, for a period of three years. In addition, Mr. Cantele will be entitled to the payment of unpaid
compensation and benefits and unused vacation accrued through the date of his termination of employment. He will also receive reimbursement
for expenses incurred on behalf of the Bank prior to his termination of employment within 60 days following his date of termination, unless
such payment is otherwise required to be deferred under IRC Section 409A. In all other respects, the updated agreement is substantially
the same as the original prior agreement. 

Severance Agreement for John M. Davies. On
January 24, 2020, the Bank and Mr. Davies, President of the New York Region and Chief Lending Officer of the Bank, entered into a
severance agreement, which became effective as of January 1, 2020 and superseded and replaced a prior employment agreement, to
provide benefits to Mr. Davies in the event of his termination of employment for the reasons set forth in the severance agreement.
The term of the severance agreement is two years and automatically renews annually; provided, however, in the case of a change in
control (as defined in the severance agreement), the severance agreement will automatically be extended for two years. In the event
of Mr. Davies involuntary termination of employment by the Bank for reasons other than cause (as defined in the
severance agreement) or his death or disability, or a voluntary termination of employment for good reason (as defined
in the severance agreement), in either case, other than on or after a change in control, Mr. Davies will be entitled to a severance
benefit equal to the greater of (i) his annual base salary rate in effect on the date of termination or his average annual base
salary rate for the twelve-month period ending on the last day of the calendar month immediately before the date of termination and
(ii) his average annual cash bonus paid during or attributable to the two-year period immediately preceding the date of termination.
Such benefit will be paid in a lump sum within 60 days following his separation from service unless such payment is otherwise
required to be deferred under IRC Section 409A. In addition, Mr. Davies generally will be entitled to continued participation in the
Bank s group health plan for two years following separation from service, subject to his payment of a premium portion
substantially equal to the premium portion paid by executive employees of the Bank for comparable coverage. Payment of the severance
benefits will be conditioned upon Mr. Davies executing a general release within 60 days following the date of his termination of
employment. Further, the severance agreement requires Mr. Davies to comply with non-compete, non-solicitation and non-disclosure
provisions for a period of one (1) year following his separation from service. The non-compete restriction shall not apply if the
executive s employment is terminated following a change in control. 

In the event of involuntary termination of employment
for reasons other than cause or a voluntary termination of employment for good reason occurring on or after a change in control, Mr. Davies
will be entitled to a lump sum cash payment equal to two (2) times the greater of (i) his highest annual base salary rate in effect on
the date of termination or his average annual base salary rate for the twenty-four month period ending on the last day of the month preceding
the date of termination, and (ii) his highest annual cash bonus paid or attributable to any year in the two-year period immediately preceding
the date of the change in control. Such amount will be payable within sixty (60) days following termination, unless such payment is otherwise
required to be deferred under IRC Section 409A. The Bank will also provide Mr. Davies with life insurance coverage and non-taxable medical
and dental coverage for a period of two years, at no cost to him, substantially comparable to the coverage maintained by the Bank for
him prior to his date of termination. In addition, Mr. Davies will be entitled to the payment of unpaid compensation and benefits and
unused vacation accrued through the date of his termination of employment. He will also receive reimbursement for expenses incurred on
behalf of the Bank prior to his termination of employment within sixty (60) days following his date of termination. 

91 

Change in Control Agreement for Peter Albero. 
On January 24, 2020, the Bank and Mr. Albero, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, entered into an updated change in
control agreement, which became effective as of January 1, 2020 and superseded and replaced a prior change in control agreement between
the parties. The change in control agreement will automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms, unless either party elects not
to renew the agreement by providing notice of non-renewal to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the renewal date. The
agreement was updated to provide that in the event Salisbury or the Bank at any time during the term of the change in control agreement
effects a transaction which would be a change in control (as defined in the agreement), then the change in control agreement
shall be automatically extended for twenty-four (24) months following the date a change in control occurs. 

The change in control agreement was also updated to
provide that in the event that Mr. Albero is involuntarily terminated on or after a change in control for reasons other than cause 
(as defined in the change in control agreement) or due to his death or disability, or voluntarily terminates for good reason 
(as defined in the change in control agreement) on or after a change in control, Mr. Albero will be entitled to a lump sum cash payment
equal to two (2) times the greater of (i) his annual base salary rate in effect on the date of termination, or if greater, his average
annual base salary rate for the twelve (12) month period ending on the last day of the calendar month immediately before the date of termination
and (ii) one (1) times his highest annual cash bonus paid during or attributable to the two-year period immediately preceding the date
of termination. In addition, Mr. Albero would be entitled to the continuation of current Bank provided dental, medical and life insurance
coverage and other benefits as set forth in the change in control agreement for two years. In no event may any compensation payable under
the change in control agreement constitute an excess parachute payment under Section 280G or violate Section 409A of the
Internal Revenue Code. Payment of change in control benefits under the change in control agreement are conditioned upon Mr. Albero s
covenant to comply with non-compete, non-solicitation, and non-disclosure provisions for a period of one (1) year following his termination
of employment. Notwithstanding any provision in the change in control agreement, Mr. Albero will serve as an employee-at-will. In all
other respects, the change in control agreement is substantially the same as the prior change in control agreement. 

Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan. On
January 25, 2013, the Board of Directors adopted a Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (the NQDC Plan effective as
of January 1, 2013. The NQDC Plan permits the Board of Directors to select certain key employees of the Bank, including the NEOs, to participate
in the NQDC Plan, provided that such employees also evidence their participation by execution of a participation agreement. 

On December 27, 2021, the Board
of Directors executed the Salisbury Bank and Trust Company Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan ),
effective as of January 1, 2022, which supersedes the prior NQDC Plan. The Plan permits the Board to select certain key employees of the
Bank to participate in the Plan, provided that such employees also evidence their participation by execution of a Participation Agreement. 

Before amendment and restatement,
the NQDC Plan provided solely for discretionary bank contributions to selected participant s accounts. The participation agreement
sets forth the vesting terms of the discretionary contributions and the benefit age at which a participant could retire
with a fully vested benefit. The participation agreement also sets forth how a participant s benefit would be distributed (i.e.,
in a lump sum or in annual installments over a period of up to 10 years, as selected by the participant). Until distribution, a participant s
account would earn interest as of the last day of the plan year at the highest certificate of deposit rate for that year, compounded annually.
The participant s benefits under the Plan are subject to the vesting schedule set forth in the participant s participation
agreement. Under the Plan, notwithstanding the vesting schedule, the participant s account balance will become automatically
100 vested upon involuntary termination without cause, death, disability or a change in control. 

The amended and restated Plan
also allows participant deferrals and provides greater flexibility in participant elections and investment options. In addition to employer
discretionary contributions, participants will be entitled to defer up to 50 of their base salary and up to 100 of their discretionary
bonuses and cash incentive compensation, however, such base salary deferrals and bonus and cash incentive deferrals will not commence
prior to January 1, 2023. The Plan permits the Compensation Committee to add non-employee directors as participants. If implemented, non-employee
directors will be entitled to make elective deferrals of up to 50 of their annual retainer and committee fees. This provision may not
be implemented for plan year 2022. 

For plan years commencing after
December 31, 2021, a participant will be required to enter into a Participation Agreement on initial participation that
will set forth, among other things, the vesting schedule for any discretionary contributions received and the participant s benefit
age (i.e. the eligible retirement age ). A participant will also be required to enter into an Annual Election Form 
which will set forth (i) the participant s distribution elections under various circumstances and (ii) commencing in 2023, the amount
of a participant s elective deferrals of base salary and/or discretionary bonus or incentive compensation. 

Under the amended and restated
Plan, each discretionary contribution would vest based on a rolling five-year vesting schedule, so that in the sixth year of participation
the first year s contribution would be 100 vested and the fifth-year contribution would be 20 vested. Vesting of discretionary
contributions generally accelerates when a participant reaches benefit age, however, the Bank can delegate one or more discretionary contributions
for a particular person as contributions for which vesting would not automatically accelerate. 

The amended and restated Plan
provides additional distribution options, including distributions in the event of an unforeseeable emergency and on the occurrence of
a specified date before separation of service, and allows a participant to elect for each year s contributions the manner in which
such distributions will be paid. Installment distributions can be made in monthly, quarterly or annual installments. 

92 

Payment of benefits under the
Plan, other than benefits payable as a result of base salary deferrals, are conditioned on the participant s covenant to comply
with non-compete, non-solicitation and non-disclosure provisions for a period of one year following the participant s separation
from service. 

The Bank will establish a grantor
trust to hold the assets of the Plan. Until distributed, the assets of the Plan are not legally owned by the participants. 

Split Dollar Life Insurance Arrangements. During
the 2022 calendar year, Messrs. Cantele, Albero and Davies and certain other officers were parties to split dollar life insurance agreements
with the Bank, which upon the officer s death, splits the death benefit payable under one or more insurance policies between the
officer s beneficiary and the Bank. 

 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

 The following table sets forth the outstanding
equity awards held by Salisbury s NEOs at fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 

Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable 
 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercisable unearned options 
 Option
 exercise price 
 Option
 expiration date 
 Number
 of shares or units of stock that have not vested (1) 
 Market
 value of shares or units of stock that have not vested (2) 

Name 
 
 (#) 
 
 (#) 
 
 (#) 
 
 ) 

(#) 
 
 ) 
 
 Richard
 J. Cantele, Jr. 

N/A 
 N/A 
 25,200 
 791,280 
 
 John
 M. Davies 

N/A 
 N/A 
 12,800 
 401,920 
 
 Peter
 Albero 

N/A 
 N/A 
 15,700 
 492,980 

(1) Stock
awards listed represent grants under Salisbury s 2017 LTIP. Each of the awards vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. 

 (2) Reflects the value of the
restricted stock awards and performance based restricted stock units as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 based on the market
price of 31.40 per share on that date. 

Name 
 Date
 Award Granted 
 Type
 of Award 
 Number
 of Shares/ Units 
 
 Cantele 
 5/29/20 
 Restricted
 Shares 
 5,000 
 
 Cantele 
 7/29/20 
 Performance-Based
 Restricted Stock Units 
 3,000 
 
 Cantele 
 5/19/21 
 Restricted
 Shares 
 5,600 
 
 Cantele 
 6/23/21 
 Performance-Based
 Restricted Stock Units 
 3,000 
 
 Cantele 
 2/28/22 
 Restricted
 Shares 
 5,600 
 
 Cantele 
 2/28/22 
 Performance-Based
 Restricted Stock Units 
 3,000 
 
 Davies 
 5/29/20 
 Restricted
 Shares 
 2,000 
 
 Davies 
 7/29/20
 
 Performance-Based
 Restricted Stock Units 
 2,000 
 
 Davies 
 5/19/21 
 Restricted
 Shares 
 2,400 
 
 Davies 
 6/23/21 
 Performance-Based
 Restricted Stock Units 
 2,000 
 
 Davies 
 2/28/22 
 Restricted
 Shares 
 2,400 
 
 Davies 
 2/28/22 
 Performance-Based
 Restricted Stock Units 
 2,000 
 
 Albero 
 5/29/20 
 Restricted
 Shares 
 3,000 
 
 Albero 
 7/29/20 
 Performance-Based
 Restricted Stock Units 
 2,000 
 
 Albero 
 5/19/21 
 Restricted
 Shares 
 3,200 
 
 Albero 
 6/23/21 
 Performance-Based
 Restricted Stock Units 
 2,000 
 
 Albero 
 2/28/22 
 Restricted
 Shares 
 3,500 
 
 Albero 
 2/28/22 
 Performance-Based
 Restricted Stock Units 
 2,000 

93 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
COMPENSATION 

The
following table summarizes the compensation paid to non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Directors who
are also employees of Salisbury or the Bank do not receive additional compensation for Board service. The compensation received by Mr.
Cantele, the only director who is also an employee of Salisbury, is reflected in the Summary Compensation Table on page 90 of this document. 

2022 Director Compensation
Table 

Name 
 Fees Earned or
 Paid in Cash 
 ) 
 Stock
Awards (1) 
 ) 
 All
Other Compensation (2) 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 George E. Banta 
 33,050 
 29,355 
 1,645 
 64,050 
 
 Arthur J. Bassin 
 45,625 (3) 
 29,355 
 1,645 
 76,625 
 
 David B. Farrell 
 55,675 (4) 
 29,355 
 1,645 
 86,675 
 
 Paul S. Hoffner 
 36,550 
 29,355 
 365 
 66,270 
 
 Nancy F. Humphreys 
 26,887 (5) 
 0 
 70,460 
 97,347 
 
 Holly J. Nelson 
 38,175 (6) 
 29,355 
 1,645 
 69,175 
 
 Neila B. Radin 
 38,350 (7) 
 29,355 
 1,133 
 68,838 
 
 Grace E. Schalkwyk 
 39,625 (8) 
 29,355 
 1,133 
 70,113 

(1) Each director with the exception of Humphreys received 1,140 shares of restricted stock on 5/18/22 pursuant
to the 2017 LTIP. Director Humphreys retired from the Boards on 5/18/22. The fair market value at grant date is reported above. The shares
will be fully vested on the third anniversary of the grant date and the fair market value at time of vesting will be included as compensation
in 2025. 

(2) Represents the dividends earned during 2022 on restricted shares awarded 5/31/19, 5/29/20, 5/19/21, and 2/28/22
pursuant to the 2017 LTIP which shares vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. Director Humphreys retired from the Boards on
5/18/22 at which time the vesting was accelerated on restricted shares awarded to her on 5/29/20 and 5/19/21 20,596 each respectively).
Also includes a cash bonus of 28,500 awarded to Director Humphreys for her service during 2021-2022. 

(3) Includes 5,000 paid to Mr. Bassin for his services as Chairperson of the Compensation Committee and 2,500
for his services as Chairperson of the Loan Committee. 

(4) Includes 48,500 for his services as Chairman of the Board. 

(5) Includes 1,875 paid to Mrs. Humphreys for her services as Chairperson of the ALCO/Investment Committee,
pro-rated. Mrs. Humphreys retired from the Boards 5/18/22. 

(6) Includes 2,500 paid to Ms. Nelson for her services as Chairperson of the Trust Committee. 

(7) Includes 2,500 paid to Ms. Radin for her services as Chairperson of the Nominating and Governance Committee. 

(8) Includes 5,000 paid to Ms. Schalkwyk for her services as Chairperson of the Audit Committee. 

94 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners (Principal Shareholders) 

 Persons and groups who
beneficially own more than five percent (5 of Salisbury s common stock are required to file certain reports with the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ). Management is not aware of any person (including any group as that term is
used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) who beneficially owns more
than 5 of Salisbury s Common Stock (a Principal Shareholder as of December 31, 2022 except as set forth in the table
below: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (2) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Common Shares Outstanding (1) 

FJ Capital Management LLC 
 7901 Jones Branch Dr., Ste.
 210 
 McLean, VA 22102 
 384,570 
 6.63 

(1) Percentages are based
upon the 5,798,816 shares of Salisbury s Common Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

 (2) Based on information
as of December 31, 2022, obtained from a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on or about February 9, 2023, by FJ Capital Management LLC. FJ
Capital Management LLC reported in its Schedule 13G that it has shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 182,949 shares (6.36 which consist of 174,096 shares (6.05 held by Financial Opportunity Fund LLC of which FJ Capital Management LLC is the managing member
and has shared voting power and shared dispositive power, and 8,853 shares held by a separate managed account of which FJ Capital Management
LLC is the managing member; as such, the Reporting Person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of reported shares but as to which the
Reporting Person disclaims beneficial ownership. Martin Friedman is the Managing Member of FJ Capital Management LLC; as such, Mr. Friedman
may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of reported shares but as to which Mr. Friedman disclaims beneficial ownership. The foregoing information
has been included solely in reliance upon, and without independent investigation of, the disclosures contained in FJ Capital Management
LLC s Schedule 13G. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 Transactions with Management and Others 

 Salisbury and the Bank have had, and expect to have
in the future, transactions in the ordinary course of business with certain directors, officers and their associates on substantially
the same terms as those available for comparable transactions with others not related to Salisbury or the Bank. 

Indebtedness of Management and Others 

 Some of the directors and executive officers of Salisbury
and the Bank, as well as firms and companies with which they are associated, are or have been customers of the Bank and, as such, have
had banking transactions with the Bank. As a matter of policy, loans to directors and executive officers were, and in the future will
be, made in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rates, collateral and repayment terms,
as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons not related to Salisbury and the Bank and did not, and
in the future will not, involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features. 

DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires Salisbury s executive officers, directors and other persons who own more than ten percent (10 of Salisbury s
Common Stock to file with the SEC reports of ownership and changes in ownership of Salisbury s Common Stock and to furnish Salisbury
with copies of all such reports that they file. 

Based on a review of copies
of reports filed with the SEC since January 1, 2022 and of written representations by executive officers and directors, all persons subject
to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) have filed the required reports on a timely basis to the best of management s knowledge. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

 Relationship with Independent Public Accountants 

 Audit Fees 

 The aggregate fees billed for professional services
rendered for the audit of Salisbury s annual financial statements as presented on Forms 10-K for the last two (2) fiscal years and
the reviews of the financial statements included in Salisbury s Forms 10-Q for the quarters of the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 were 317,300 (1) and 294,900, respectively. 

 (1) Audit fees for 2022 are an estimate, as certain
fees have not yet been billed. 

 Audit Related Fees 

 Fees billed in each of the last two (2) fiscal
years for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of Salisbury s financial
statements that are not reported under Audit Fees above for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 were 24,500 (1) and 23,000, respectively. 

 (1) Audit related fees for 2022 are an estimate,
as certain fees have not yet been billed. 

Tax Fees 

 The aggregate fees billed in each of the last
two (2) fiscal years for professional services rendered for tax preparation for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 were 18,150 and 19,315, respectively. 

 Independence 

 The Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors of Salisbury has considered and determined that the provision of services rendered by BNN relating to matters
noted above is compatible with maintaining the independence of such auditors. 

95 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit
Services of Independent Auditors 

 The Audit Committee s
policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by the independent auditors, other than those listed under the de minimus
exception. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is detailed
as to a particular service or category of services, and is generally subject to a specific budget. The Audit Committee has delegated pre-approval
authority to its Chairman when expeditious delivery of services is necessary. The independent auditors and management are required to
report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval
and the fees for the services performed to date. In 2022, there were no fees paid to BNN that were approved by the Audit Committee pursuant
to 17 C.F.R. 210.2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) with respect to waivers of pre-approval requirements. 

 PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial Statements. The Consolidated Financial Statements of Registrant and its
subsidiary are included within Item 8 of Part II of this report. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement schedules. All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required
information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto included within Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

(b) Exhibits. The following exhibits are included as part of this Form 10-K. 

Exhibit No. Description 

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among NBT Bancorp Inc., NBT Bank, N.A., Salisbury Bancorp, Inc., and Salisbury Bank and Trust Company dated December 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2022). 

3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s 1998 Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed April 23, 1998, File No.: 33-50857). 

3.1.1 Amendment to Article Third of Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed March 11, 2009). 

3.1.2 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed March 19, 2009). 

3.1.3 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation for the Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2011). 

3.1.4 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed October 30, 2014). 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed November 25, 2014). 

4.1 Form of Subordinated Note, dated as of March 31, 2021, issued by Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed March 31, 2021). 

4.2 Description of registrant s securities. 

10.1 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan adopted by the Board on March 25, 2011 and approved by the shareholders at Salisbury s 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 19, 2012). 

10.2 Amendment Number One to 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan dated as of January 18, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 7, 2013). 

10.3 Severance Agreement between Salisbury Bank and Trust Company and Mr. Richard J. Cantele, Jr. dated January 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed January 30, 2020). 

10.4 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan effective as of January 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed February 15, 2013). 

10.5 Employee Stock Ownership Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of Form 10-K filed March 28, 2014). 

10.6 Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. 2015 Phantom Stock Appreciation Unit and Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed January 2, 2015). 

10.7 Amendment Number One to Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. 2015 Phantom Stock Appreciation Unit and Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed January 30, 2015). 

10.8 Amendment Number Two to 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan dated as of January 29, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of Form 10-K filed March 30, 2016). 

10.9 Form of Split-dollar Life Insurance Agreements with Senior Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of Form 10-K filed March 30, 2016). 

10.10 Severance Agreement between Salisbury Bank and Trust Company and John M. Davies dated January 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed January 30, 2020). 

10.11 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, between Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. and the Purchasers identified therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed March 31, 2021). 

10.12 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan adopted by the Board on February 24, 2017 and approved by shareholders at Salisbury s 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant s proxy filed March 20, 2017). 

10.13 Amendment Number Three to 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan dated as of April 28, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2017). 

96 

10.14 Change in Control Agreement with Peter Albero dated January 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 8-K filed January 30, 2020). 

10.15 Change in Control Agreement with Steven M. Essex dated February 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed February 25, 2019). 

10.16 Amendment Number One to 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan dated as of March 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of Form 10-K filed March 13, 2020) 

10.17 Form of Performance Award Agreement Restricted Stock Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed July 29, 2020) 

10.18 Split-dollar Life Insurance Agreement with Peter Albero effective September 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed September 2, 2021) 

10.19 Form of Split-dollar Life Insurance Agreements with Senior Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed January 29, 2020). 

10.20 Split-dollar
 Life Insurance Agreement with Richard J. Cantele, Jr. effective September 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form
 8-K filed September 2, 2021). 

10.21 Split-dollar Life Insurance Agreement with John Davies effective September 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed September 2, 2021). 

10.22 Change in Control Agreement with Carla L. Balesano dated July 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 10-Q filed November 6, 2020). 

10.23 Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed December 29, 2021) 

21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 Consent of Baker Newman & Noyes, LLC. 

31.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 17 CF 240.13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(c) Financial Statement Schedules 

No financial statement schedules aare required to be filed as Exhibits pursuant to Item 15(c). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

97 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to
the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SALISBURY
BANCORP, INC. 

/s/ Richard J. Cantele,
Jr. 

 Richard J. Cantele, Jr., 

 President and Chief Executive
Officer 

 March
10, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ George
 E. Banta 
 /s/ Holly J.
 Nelson 
 
 George E. Banta 
 Holly J. Nelson 
 
 Director 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/
 Arthur J. Bassin 
 /s/
 Neila B. Radin 
 
 Arthur J. Bassin 
 Neila B. Radin 
 
 Director 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/
 Richard J. Cantele, Jr. 
 /s/
 Grace E. Schalkwyk 
 
 Richard J. Cantele, Jr. 
 Grace E. Schalkwyk 
 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/
 David B. Farrell 
 /s/
 Peter Albero 
 
 David B. Farrell 
 Peter Albero 
 
 Director 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 and Chief Accounting Officer 

March 10, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Paul S. Hoffner 

Paul S. Hoffner 

Director 

March 10, 2023 

98 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 sal0310form10kexh4_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.2

Exhibit
4.2 

 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S
SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

As of December
31, 2022, Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. (the Company, which is also referred to herein as we, our 
or us had common stock as the only class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. The following description of the material terms of the Company s common stock is only a summary. This summary
does not purport to be a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Company s common stock and is subject to and qualified
in its entirety by reference to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, which we refer to as the Certificate
of Incorporation and the Company s Bylaws, which we refer to as the Bylaws, as well as the Connecticut Business
Corporation Act, which we refer to as the CBCA, and any other documents referenced in the summary and from which the summary
is derived. 

General. We have
the authority to issue ten million (10,000,000) shares of common stock, par value 0.10 per share and twenty-five thousand (25,000) shares
of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the symbol SAL. 

Each share of our
common stock has the same relative rights and is identical in all respects to every other share of our common stock. Our shares of common
stock are neither convertible nor redeemable, are not subject to any sinking fund provisions, and the holders thereof have no preemptive
or subscription rights to purchase any of our securities. 

Voting Rights .
Each outstanding share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. A majority of the
votes entitled to be cast on a matter constitutes a quorum for action on that matter. In general, action on a matter (other than the election
of directors) will be approved if the votes cast favoring the action exceed the votes cast opposing the action, and directors are elected
by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares entitled to vote in the election at a meeting at which a quorum is present. There is no
cumulative voting in the election of directors, and our board of directors is classified. 

Liquidation
Rights . Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive, pro rata, our assets
which are legally available for distribution, after payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any
holders of preferred stock then outstanding 

 dividends. In general,
the holders of outstanding shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available therefore at such
times and in such amounts as our board of directors may from time to time determine. The ability of our board of directors to declare
and pay dividends on our common stock may be affected by both general corporate law considerations and policies of the Federal Reserve,
applicable to bank holding companies. As a Connecticut corporation, we are subject to the limitations of the CBCA, which prohibit us from
paying dividends if we are, or by payment of the dividend we would become, insolvent, or if the payment of dividends would render us unable
to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business. Additionally, policies of the Federal Reserve caution that a bank
holding company should not pay cash dividends unless its net income available to common shareholders over the past year has been sufficient
to fully fund the dividends and the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with its capital needs, asset quality and
overall financial condition. 

Bylaws .
The rights of holders of our common stock are governed, in part, by the Bylaws, which may be amended by our board of directors. 

Potential Anti-Takeover 
Provisions. Our Certificate of Incorporation includes a provision requiring that specified transactions with an Interested
Shareholder be approved by 80 of the voting power of the then outstanding shares. An Interested Shareholder is generally
defined to include (i) the beneficial owner of more than 10 or more of the Company s then-outstanding voting stock, or (ii) an
Affiliate of the Company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and at any time within the preceding five-year
period was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding common stock. 

Our board of directors
is authorized under our Certificate of Incorporation to issue shares of preferred stock, and determine the designations, preferences,
voting powers and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferred
stock, without shareholder approval, which could increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt. 

No Cumulative
Voting . Our Certificate of Incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors. The absence
of cumulative voting makes it more difficult for a shareholder group to elect a director nominee. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 sal0310form10kexh10_23.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.23

Exhibit
10.23 

 AMENDMENT
ONE 

 SALISBURY
BANCORP, INC. 

 NON-QUALIFIED
DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 

WHEREAS,
 Salisbury Bank and Trust Company (the Bank maintains the Salisbury Bank and Trust Company Amended and Restated Non-Qualified
Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan ), as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2022; and 

WHEREAS ,
pursuant to Section 7.1 of Article VII of the Plan, the Bank has the right to amend the Plan from time to time; and 

WHEREAS ,
in order for the Plan to be able to be maintained on the Fidelity Investments automated platform, the Bank s Board of Directors
(the Board desires to make certain amendments to the Plan; 

NOW,
THEREFORE , the Board hereby amends the Plan in the following respects effective immediately : 

1. Section
 1.27 of the Plan shall be amended to read as follows: 

1.27 Specified
 Date means a specific date chosen by a Participant on which to receive the payment
 of all of a Participant s Elective Deferrals made for a Plan Year, beginning in or
 after the 2023 Plan Year. A Participant may make an election to receive the payment on a
 Specified Date only with respect to amounts that the Participant wishes to receive prior
 to Separation from Service. If a Participant has a Separation from Service prior to the Specified
 Date selected, the Participant s benefits will be paid in accordance with the applicable
 year s Elective Deferral election for benefits paid on a Separation from Service. 

2. Section
 3.6 of the Plan shall be amended to read as follows: 

3.6 In-Service
 Distribution/Specified Date . A Participant may designate in the Participant s Annual
 Election Form to defer all of the Participant s Elective Deferrals for a Plan Year
 to be distributed on a Specified Date (i.e., month/day/year) which is expected to occur prior
 to the Participant s Separation from Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant
 makes a Specified Date election and prior to the Specified Date, the Participant has a Separation
 from Service, the amount otherwise payable on the Specified Date shall be payable in accordance
 with the distribution election made for Elective Deferrals payable on a Separation from Service
 for the same calendar year that the Specified Date election was made. 

2. In
 all other respects, the terms of the Plan as adopted, shall remain in full force and effect. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the Bank has executed this Amendment One to the Plan on the date set forth below. 

SALISBURY
 BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 

______________________ 
 ________________________________ 
 
 Date 
 Print
 Name: 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 sal0310form10kexh21_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit
21.1 

 SALISBURY BANCORP,
INC. 

 SUBSIDIARIES
OF REGISTRANT 

Salisbury
Bank and Trust Company, a Connecticut state chartered commercial bank. 

Subsidiaries
of Salisbury Bank and Trust Company: 

 SBT Mortgage
Service Corporation, a Connecticut corporation. 

 S.B.T. Realty, Incorporated, a
New York corporation. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 sal0310form10kexh23_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

 SALISBURY BANCORP,
INC. 

 CONSENT OF
BAKER NEWMAN NOYES, LLC. 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration
Statement No. 333-160767 on Form S-3, Registration Statement No. 333-152930 on Form S-3D, Registration Statement No. 333-218089 on Form
S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-152930 filed as a Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. of our report
dated March 10, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary, appearing in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Baker Newman Noyes LLC 

 Portsmouth, New Hampshire 

 March 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 sal0310form10kexh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

 SALISBURY
BANCORP, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION 

I,
Richard J. Cantele, Jr., certify that: 

1) I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc.; 

2) Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3) Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) The
 registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
 this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5) The
 registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
 of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
 committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

March 10, 2023 

 By /s/ Richard
J. Cantele, Jr. 

 Richard J. Cantele, Jr., 

 President and Chief Executive
Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 sal0310form10kexh31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

 SALISBURY
BANCORP, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION 

I,
Peter Albero, certify that: 

1) I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc.; 

2) Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3) Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) The
 registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
 this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5) The
 registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
 of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
 committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

March 10, 2023 

 By /s/ Peter
Albero 

 Peter Albero, 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 and
Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 sal0310form10kexh32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

 SALISBURY
BANCORP, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned officer
of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. (the Corporation ), hereby certifies that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the period ended December 31, 2022 to which this certification is attached (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 

March 10, 2023 

 By /s/
Richard J. Cantele, Jr. 

 Richard J. Cantele, Jr., 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

The undersigned officer
of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. (the Corporation ), hereby certifies that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the period ended December 31, 2022 to which this certification is attached (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 

March 10, 2023 

 By /s/
peter albero 

 Peter Albero, 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 sal-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 sal-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 sal-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 sal-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

