<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1392694_0001493152-23-009766.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13630447</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>324239</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1667886</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5744223</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2448742</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3076297</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009766.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330161613
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009766
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SurgePays, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001392694
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				980550352
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40992
		FILM NUMBER:		23780897

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3124 BROTHER BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 104
		CITY:			BARTLETT
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38133
		BUSINESS PHONE:		901-302-9587

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3124 BROTHER BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 104
		CITY:			BARTLETT
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38133

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Surge Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KSIX Media Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150728

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	North American Energy Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150528

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009766.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Not
applicable 

 (Former
name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 
 (Nasdaq
 Capital Market) 

The
 Stock Market LLC 
 (Nasdaq
 Capital Market) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

The
number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 30, 2023 was shares. 

As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share held by non-affiliates of the
registrant was approximately based on the 4.83 closing price of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per
share, on that date. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page
 No. 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Description of the Business 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 14 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 

Item
 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 17 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 23 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 23 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 23 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 23 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 24 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 24 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 28 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 36 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 38 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 39 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 

Exhibit Index 
 40 

Item
 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 41 

Signatures 
 42 

i 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities
laws. All statements contained in this Annual Report, other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future
operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, potential growth or growth prospects, future research and
development, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. Words such as believes, may, will, estimates, potential, 
 continues, anticipates, intends, expects, could, would, 
 projects, plans, targets, and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended
to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections
about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term
and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in the Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Readers are urged to
carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report and in other documents we file from time to time with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC that disclose risks and uncertainties that may affect our business. Moreover,
we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict
all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors,
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks,
uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results
could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 

You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking
statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. In addition, the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are
made as of the date of this filing, and we do not undertake, and expressly disclaim any duty, to update such statements for any reason
after the date of this Annual Report or to conform statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required by law. 

You
should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference herein and have filed with the SEC as exhibits to this Annual Report
with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what
we expect. 

This
Annual Report also contains or may contain estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business and the
markets for our products, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets and their projected growth rates. Information
that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events
or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated,
we obtained these industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by third
parties, industry and general publications, government data and similar sources. In some cases, we do not expressly refer to the sources
from which these data are derived. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Business
Overview 

SurgePays,
Inc SurgePays, we the Company was incorporated in Nevada on August 18, 2006, is
a technology and telecom company focused on the underbanked and underserved communities. SurgePhone and Torch Wireless provide subsidized
mobile broadband to over 250,000 low-income subscribers nationwide. SurgePays fintech platform empowers clerks at thousands of convenience
stores to provide a suite of prepaid wireless and financial products to underbanked customers. 

About
SurgePays, Inc. 

SurgePays,
Inc. is a financial technology and telecom company focused on providing these essential services to the underbanked community. The Company s
wireless subsidiaries provide mobile broadband, voice and SMS text messaging to both subsidized and direct retail prepaid customers.
The Company s blockchain fintech platform utilizes a suite of financial and prepaid products to convert corner stores into tech-hubs
for underbanked neighborhoods. 

SurgePhone
Wireless and Torch Wireless 

SurgePhone
and Torch, wholly owned subsidiaries of SurgePays, are mobile virtual network operators (MVNO) licensed by the Federal Communications
Commission (the FCC to provide subsidized access to quality internet through mobile broadband services to consumers qualifying
under the federal guidelines of the Affordable Connectivity Program (the ACP ). The ACP (the successor program, as of March
1, 2022 to the Emergency Broadband Benefit program) provides SurgePhone and Torch up to a 100 reimbursement for the cost of each tablet
device distributed and a 30 per customer, per month subsidy for mobile broadband (internet connectivity) services. SurgePhone and Torch
combined are licensed to offer subsidized mobile broadband to all fifty states. 

1 

Surge
Fintech (ECS Business) 

We
refer to the collective operations of ECS Prepaid, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company, Electronic Check Services, Inc., a Missouri
corporation, and Central States Legal Services, Inc., a Missouri corporation, as Surge Fintech. This was previously referred
to as the ECS Business. 

Surge
Fintech has been a financial technology tech and wireless top-up platform for over 15 years. Through a series of transactions between
October 2019 and January 2020, we acquired the ECS Business primarily for the favorable ACH banking relationship and a fintech transactions
platform processing over 20,000 transactions a day at approximately 8,000 independently owned convenience stores. The platform serves
as the proven backbone for wireless top-up transactions and wireless product aggregation for the SurgePays nationwide network. 

ShockWave
CRM 

SurgePays
acquired the Software as a Service (SaaS) Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Billing System software platform MVNO Cloud
Services on June 7, 2022. SurgePays is rebranding the software as ShockWave CRM. Payment for the software consisted of 300,000
in cash, of which 100,000 was paid in June 2022, and the remaining 200,000 in July 2022. Additionally, the Company issued 85,000 shares
of common stock having a fair value of 411,400 4.84/share), based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

ShockWave
is an end-to-end cloud-based SaaS offering an Omnichannel CRM, billing system and carrier integrations specific to the telecommunication
and broadband industry. Some of these services include sales agent management, device and SIM inventory management, order processing
and provisioning, retail Point of Service (POS) activations and payments, customer service management, retention tools, billing, and
payments. 

Surge
Blockchain 

Surge
Blockchain Software is a back-office marketplace (accessed through the SurgePays fintech portal for convenience stores) offering wholesale
consumable goods direct to convenience stores who are transacting on the SurgePays Fintech platform. The wholesale e-commerce platform
is easily accessed through the secure app interface similar to a website. We believe what makes this sales platform unique is
that it also offers the merchant the ability to order wholesale consumable goods at a significant discount from traditional distributors
with one touch ease. We are able to sell products at a significant discount by using on demand Direct Store Delivery (DSD). Our platform
is connected directly to manufactures, who ship products direct to the store while cutting out the middleman. The goal of the SurgePays
Portal is to leverage the competitive advantage and efficiencies of e-commerce to provide as many commonly sold consumable products as
possible to convenience stores, corner markets, bodegas, and supermarkets while increasing profit margins for these stores. 

LogicsIQ,
Inc. 

LogicsIQ,
Inc. is a lead generation and case management solutions company primarily serving law firms in the mass tort industry. The company s
CRM Intake Logics facilitates the entire life cycle of converting a lead into a signed retainer client integrated into
the law firms case management software. Our proven strategy of delivering cost-effective retained cases to our attorney and law firm
clients means those clients are better able to manage their media and advertising budgets and reach targeted audiences more quickly and
effectively when utilizing our proprietary data driven analytics dashboards. Our ability to deliver transparent results through our integrated
Business Intelligence (B.I.) dashboards has bolstered our reputation as an industry leader in the mass tort client acquisition field. 

Centercom 

Since
2019, we have owned a 40 equity interest in Centercom Global, S.A. de C.V. Centercom ). Centercom is a bilingual operations
center providing the Company with sales support, customer service, IT infrastructure design, graphic media, database programming, software
development, revenue assurance, lead generation, and other various operational back-office services. Centercom is based in El Salvador. 

2 

Experienced
Leadership Team 

Our
management team consists of four executives with over 20 years in the wireless, underbanked and convenience store distribution industry
while presiding over companies with a collective revenue run of over 3 billion. Our finance team is led by a CFO with a background in
private equity backed and publicly traded companies ranging from 100 million to over 1.3 billion in annual revenue. 

Growth
Strategies 

We
have different strategies for each of our sales channels: 

SurgePhone
and Torch Wireless 

Federally
Subsidized Mobile Broadband / Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) 

Prioritize
 sales channels with lower cost per acquisition in conjunction with shipping devices direct fulfillment for enhanced inventory controls
 and logistics. 

Integrate
 Shockwave CRM into our SurgePays software to enable ACP enrollments initiated from convenience stores. 

Integrate
 Shockwave CRM into existing ATM machines and Point of Sale registers to initiate ACP enrollments. 

Partner
 with existing regional distribution companies already provide consumable goods to convenient stores. 

Analyze
 attrition/retention data to continually monitor and improve customer experience with the goal of industry best retention. 

Enhance
 our offering by adding a mix of smartphones. 

Increase
 the national sales team nationally. 

SurgePays
Fintech 

Prepaid
Wireless Top-ups and Underbanked Financial Products at Convenience Stores 

Continue
 building a national sales team of in-house salespeople, Independent Sales Organizations, Chain Retail Stores, and Distributors, all
 incentivized to add store locations and drive increased sales per store. 

Strategically
 acquire other companies that offer prepaid products and other complimentary fintech products. Integrating these acquisitions to an
 existing base of convenience stores allows us to deploy our comprehensive fintech suite to maximize the value of the existing relationships. 

Continue
 to add value driven products such as payment processing and consumer retail hard goods via our marketplace to differentiate our competitive
 advantage over single product companies and diversify our revenue streams. 

Create
 and offer our own MVNO products to all new and existing distribution channels adding further branding and revenue streams for SurgePays. 

SurgePays
Blockchain 

Wholesale
Marketplace in the SurgePays platform offering Consumables Shipped Direct 

Rollout
 a national sales team of in-house salespeople incentivized to add stores and sales per store. 

Acquire
 other companies offering prepaid products to an existing base of convenience stores to deploy our comprehensive fintech suite to
 maximize the value of the existing relationships. 

Integrate
 with more manufacturers of commonly sold consumable items to drive interest, sales and revenue. 

Increase
 efforts in rural America where many distributors do not have routes to deliver affordable wholesale goods. 

Branded
Prepaid Wireless 

Proprietary
Mobile Network Virtual Operator (MVNO) 

Leverage
 the volume of buying power for wholesale carrier minutes/texts/data to build market low plans to offer customers using SIM kits in
 convenience stores transacting on the SurgePays network. 

Penetrate
 rural America where there is less competition and higher consumer pricing. 

Offer
 incentivized family plans to the rapidly growing base of subsidized customer households. 

LogicsIQ 

Lead
Generation and Signed Retainer Clients for Law Firms 

Hire
 national salespeople incentivized to add law firm clients and top-line revenue. 

Continue
 to develop a centralized software platform to maximize efforts and data collection 

Identify
 additional revenue streams to complement existing revenue streams such as SSI enrollments and other lead generation services. 

3 

Competition 

There
are many competitors in the prepaid wireless and mobile broadband industry. We feel what makes SurgePhone different is we are a grassroots
company with our products placed in convenience stores where the underbanked shop. We can offer prepaid wireless and financial services,
through these stores, at a lower price to customers since we own the transaction software processing the activations and top-ups. 

Many
of our current and potential competitors are well established and have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial and
operational resources, and name recognition than we have. Most traditional convenience store distributors are companies that have been
in business for over 50 years and utilize the historical manufacturing plant to truck to warehouse to truck to store logistics
model. However, we believe that with our diverse product line, better efficiencies resulting in lower wholesale cost of goods sold, we
have the ability to obtain a large market share and continue to generate sales growth and compete in the industry. We believe, in some
cases, we will be able to partner with our competition through integration and compensate them for helping us grow due to the uniqueness
of the suite of products we offer and the additional revenue stores can unlock. The principal competitive factors in all our product
markets are technical features, quality, availability, price, customer support, and distribution coverage. The relative importance of
each of these factors varies depending on the region. We believe using our direct store distribution model nationwide will open significant
opportunities for growth. 

The
markets in which we operate can be generally categorized as highly competitive. In order to maximize our competitive advantages, we continue
to expand our product portfolio to capitalize on market trends, changes in technology and new product releases. Based on available data
for our served markets, we estimate that our market share of the convenience store sales business at this time is less than 1 . A substantial
acquisition would be necessary to meaningfully and rapidly change our market share percentage. 

Distributors
generally do not have a broad set of product and service offerings or capabilities, and no single distributor currently provides all
the top selling consumables while offering products and services to enhance the lifestyle of the underbanked such as prepaid wireless,
gift cards, bill payment and reloadable debit cards. We believe this creates a significant opportunity for a dynamic paradigm shift to
a nationwide wholesale e-commerce platform. 

Nationwide
Product Deployment 

The
SurgePays Blockchain platform streamlines the process for bringing products directly to the retail store. Our sales protocols have been
tested and proven transferable from one product offering to another while ultimately providing our network of stores with better pricing
and a larger product selection. 

Competitive
Edge 

Our
competitive edge is simple: we have the ability through our software platform, along with our relationships, capacity, efficiency, economies
of scale and experience necessary to bring our financial services and prepaid products to the underbanked market in an effective and
efficient manner to ensure success. Our sales protocols have been tested and proven transferable from one product offering to another
while ultimately improving our target stores with better pricing and more product selection. 

Our
strategy for increasing revenues is based on developing, maintaining, and expanding our nationwide network of retail stores. Our relationship-driven
approach to selling along with providing many of the top selling c-store products at a wholesale discount greater than traditional distributors
gives management confidence of continued growth into the foreseeable future. 

We
have established relationships with distribution companies delivering significant sales per day for our subsidized mobile broadband product. 

4 

Research
and Development Activities 

We
conduct research and development on an ongoing basis, including new and existing products to offer and software product development to
ensure we are delivering the most efficient, secure, and fast transactions at convenience stores. The SurgePays software platform is
housed on the Amazon Web Service Cloud for redundancy, stability, and reliability. Traditionally, convenience stores are high volume
and fast paced stores where space at the register is at a premium, thus leaving no room for a computer so wireless top-ups or cell phone
activations are done over a Verifone terminal traditionally used for processing credit cards. We believe that our future success will
depend in part upon our ability to continue the enhancement of our software platform through integrating with POS terminals, or more
commonly referred to as cash registers while developing new products that meet or anticipate such changes in our served
markets. Many of the stores we serve are now connected to the internet. This has allowed us to innovate our software to be more adaptive
to equipment that is more compatible with the space constraints of the register area in a store. We re also closely watching the
development of AI tools to see how they could help in support of our merchants and customers. 

Seasonality 

We
experience some seasonality whereby the peak tax season months show a higher level of sales and consumption. However, the structure of
our business and range of products in our portfolio mitigate any major fluctuations. Our revenue during the peak tax season months in
the spring have historically been approximately 5 greater than the peak other months, and as our product portfolio continues to expand,
the level of seasonal peaks we expect to diminish. 

Employees,
Affiliates and Exclusive Partners 

As
of March 30, 2023, our human capital resources consist of approximately twenty (20) SurgePays employees, a dedicated team of over forty (40)
logistics, activation, and fulfilment personnel, and over two hundred (200) sales, customer service and back-office personnel in our near shore operations
center. 

We
believe that our future success will depend in part on our continued ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel and work
strategically utilizing exclusive partners and affiliates to maximize cash flow. Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable,
identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal
purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based
compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform
to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 

5 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
November 1, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, with the
Secretary of State of the State of Nevada in connection with a 1-for-50 reverse stock split of the Company s issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock (the Reverse Split ). The Reverse Split became effective on November 2, 2021. 

All
references in this Annual Report, including in our financial statements, to our Common Stock, share data, per share data and related
information has been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Split. 

Corporate
Information 

We
were previously known as North American Energy Resources, Inc. and KSIX Media Holdings, Inc. Prior to April 27, 2015, we operated solely
as an independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and natural gas properties
and the production of oil and natural gas through its wholly owned subsidiary, NAER. On April 27, 2015, NAER entered into a Share Exchange
Agreement with KSIX Media whereby KSIX Media became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NAER and which resulted in the shareholders of KSIX
Media owning approximately 90 of the voting stock of the surviving entity. While we continued the oil and gas operations of NAER following
this transaction, on August 4, 2015, we changed its name to KSIX Media Holdings, Inc. On December 21, 2017, we changed its name to Surge
Holdings, Inc. to better reflect the diversity of its business operations. We changed its name to SurgePays, Inc. on October 29, 2020. 

Historically,
we operated through these direct and indirect subsidiaries: (i) KSIX Media, Inc., incorporated in Nevada on November 5, 2014; (ii) KSIX,
LLC, a Nevada limited liability company that was formed on September 14, 2011; (iii) Surge Blockchain, LLC, formerly Blvd. Media Group,
LLC, a Nevada limited liability company that was formed on January 29, 2009; (iv) DigitizeIQ, LLC an Illinois limited liability company
that was formed on July 23, 2014; (v) Surge Cryptocurrency Mining, Inc., formerly North American Exploration, Inc., a Nevada corporation
that was incorporated on August 18, 2006 (this has been a dormant entity that does not own any assets since January 1, 2019); (vi) LogicsIQ,
Inc., a Nevada corporation that was formed on October 2, 2018; (vii) True Wireless, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation (formerly True Wireless,
LLC); (viii) Surge Payments, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company; (ix) Surgephone Wireless, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company;
and (x) SurgePays Fintech, Inc., a Nevada limited liability company. On January 22, 2021, the issued and outstanding equity securities
of DigitizeIQ, LLC and KSIX, LLC were transferred to LogicsIQ and became wholly-owned subsidiaries of LogicsIQ. 

On
May 7, 2021, the Company disposed of its subsidiary True Wireless, Inc., however we retained 1,097,659 in liabilities which consisted
of 1,077,659 in accounts payable and accrued expenses as well as 20,000 in related party loans. The balance at December 31, 2022 was 668,649. In connection with the sale, the Company
received an unsecured note receivable for 176,851, bearing interest at 0.6 , with a default interest rate of 10 . The Company will receive
25 payments of principal and accrued interest totaling 7,461 commencing in June 2023. 

On
January 30, 2020, the Company acquired ECS Prepaid, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company, Electronic Check Services, Inc., a Missouri
corporation, and Central States Legal Services, Inc., a Missouri corporation. 

On January 1, 2022, the Company acquired 100 
of Torch Wireless, LLC resulting in Torch becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary, in a transaction accounted for as a business combination.
The Company paid 800,000 and agreed to pay the Sellers monthly residual payments for customers enrolled by the Company through December
31, 2022 of either 2 or 3 per customer totaling 1,679,723. 

Our
executive offices are located at 3124 Brother Blvd, Suite 410, Bartlett, TN 38133, and our telephone number is (800) 760-9689. Our website
is www.surgepays.com. Our website and the information contained in, or accessible through, our website will not be deemed to be incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report and does not constitute part of this Annual Report. 

6 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing
in our securities involves a great deal of risk. Careful consideration should be made of the following factors as well as other information
included in this Annual Report before deciding to purchase our securities. There are many risks that affect our business and results
of operations, some of which are beyond our control. Our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed
by any of these risks. This could cause the trading price of our securities to decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
Additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently think are immaterial may also affect our business and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings 

Changes
in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations. 

Our
operations are subject to regulation by the FCC and other federal, state and local agencies. These regulatory regimes frequently restrict
or impose conditions on our ability to operate in designated areas and provide specified products or services. We are frequently required
to maintain licenses for our operations and conduct our operations in accordance with prescribed standards. We are often involved in
regulatory and other governmental proceedings or inquiries related to the application of these requirements. It is impossible to predict
with any certainty the outcome of pending federal and state regulatory proceedings relating to our operations, or the reviews by federal
or state courts of regulatory rulings. Without relief, existing laws and regulations may inhibit our ability to expand our business and
introduce new products and services. Similarly, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining the licenses needed to carry
out our business plan or in maintaining our existing licenses. For example, the FCC grants wireless licenses for terms generally lasting
ten (10) years, subject to renewal. The loss of, or a material limitation on, certain of our licenses could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

New
laws or regulations or changes to the existing regulatory framework at the federal, state and local level, such as those described below,
could restrict the ways in which we manage our wireline and wireless networks and operate our business, impose additional costs, impair
revenue opportunities and potentially impede our ability to provide services in a manner that would be attractive to us and our customers. 

Privacy
 and data protection - we are subject to federal, state and international laws related to privacy and data protection. 

Regulation
 of broadband Internet access services - On June 11, 2018, the repeal of the FCC s net neutrality rules took
 effect and returned to a light-touch regulatory framework. The prior rules were designed to ensure that all online
 content is treated the same by internet service providers and other companies that provide broadband services. Additionally, California
 and a number of other states are considering or have enacted legislation or executive actions that would regulate the conduct of
 broadband providers. We cannot predict whether the FCC order or state initiatives will be modified, overturned, or vacated by legal
 action of the court, federal legislation, or the FCC. With the repeal of net neutrality rules in effect, we could incur greater operating
 expenses, which could harm our results of operations. 

Open
 Access - we hold certain wireless licenses that require us to comply with so-called open access FCC regulations,
 which generally require licensees of particular spectrum to allow customers to use devices and applications of their choice. Moreover,
 certain services could be subject to conflicting regulation by the FCC and/or various state and local authorities, which could significantly
 increase the cost of implementing and introducing new services. 

The
further regulation of broadband, wireless and our other activities and any related court decisions could restrict our ability to compete
in the marketplace and limit the return we can expect to achieve on past and future investments in our networks. 

7 

We
could be impacted by unfavorable results of legal proceedings, and may, from time to time, be involved in future litigation in which
substantial monetary damages are sought. 

We
are currently subject to a number of litigations as described under the heading Legal Proceedings. In connection with certain
of these litigations, we may be required to pay significant monetary damages. Defending against the current litigations is or can be
time-consuming, expensive and cause diversion of our management s attention. 

In
addition, we may from time to time be involved in future litigation in which substantial monetary damages are sought. Litigation claims
may relate to intellectual property, contracts, employment, securities and other matters arising out of the conduct of our current and
past business activities. Any claims, whether with or without merit, could be time-consuming, expensive to defend and could divert management s
attention and resources. We may maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these potential claims, and the levels of insurance
we do maintain may not be adequate to fully cover any and all losses. 

With
respect to any litigation, our insurance may not reimburse us, or may not be sufficient to reimburse us, for the expenses or losses we
may suffer in contesting and concluding such lawsuit. The results of any future litigation or claims are inherently unpredictable and
substantial litigation costs, including the substantial self-insured retention that we are required to satisfy before any insurance applies
to a claim, unreimbursed legal fees or an adverse result in any litigation may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
cash from operating activities or financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations 

If
we are not able to adapt to changes and disruptions in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience
a decline in the demand for our services, be unable to implement our business strategy and experience reduced profits. 

Our
industries are rapidly changing as new technologies are developed that offer consumers an array of choices for their communications needs
and allow new entrants into the markets we serve. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in
technology, enhance our existing offerings and introduce new offerings to address our customers changing demands. If we are unable
to meet future challenges from competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, we could lose customers to our competitors.
We may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new services in the market. In addition, there could
be legal or regulatory restraints on our introduction of new services. If our services fail to gain acceptance in the marketplace, or
if costs associated with the implementation and introduction of these services materially increase, our ability to retain and attract
customers could be adversely affected. Additionally, we must phase out outdated and unprofitable technologies and services. If we are
unable to do so on a cost-effective basis, we could experience reduced profits. In addition, there could be legal or regulatory restraints
on our ability to phase out current services. 

Effects
of the COVD-19 Pandemic on Our Business 

Since
March 2020 there has been, and there continues to be, a significant and growing volatility and uncertainty in the global economy due
to the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic affecting all business sectors and industries. Broadly, negative global and national economic trends,
such as decreased consumer and business spending, high unemployment levels and declining consumer and business confidence, pose challenges
to our business and could result in declining revenues, profitability and cash flow. 

The
main specific impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business was on SurgePays Fintech. Its revenues went down by 8,309,490 in 2022
as compared to 2021. This was partly related to the continued impact of COVID-19 on SurgePays Fintech. During the economic lock-down
of 2020 and 2021, the inability of our independent representatives to visit existing stores and seek out new stores, limited our
revenue growth, both existing and new revenue. Combined with a shift of prepaid wireless payments at stores to subsidized wireless
expansion at the federal level, resulted in the lower revenue in 2022. 

At
this time, we cannot accurately predict whether there will be further effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. 

8 

We
may expand through investments in, acquisitions of, or the development of new products with assistance from, other companies, any of
which may not be successful and may divert our management s attention. 

In
the past, we completed several strategic acquisitions. We also may evaluate and enter into discussions regarding an array of potential
strategic transactions, including acquiring complementary products, technologies or businesses. An acquisition, investment or business
relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties integrating
the businesses, technologies, products, personnel or operations of the acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired
company choose not to be employed by us, and we may have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes in
management and ownership. Acquisitions may also disrupt our ongoing business, divert our resources and require significant management
attention that would otherwise be available for ongoing development of our business. Moreover, we cannot assure you that the anticipated
benefits of any acquisition, investment or business relationship would be realized timely, if at all, or that we would not be exposed
to unknown liabilities. In connection with any such transaction, we may: 

encounter
 difficulties retaining key employees of the acquired company or integrating diverse business cultures; 

incur
 large charges or substantial liabilities, including without limitation, liabilities associated with products or technologies accused
 or found to infringe on third-party intellectual property rights or violate existing or future privacy regulations; 

issue
 shares of our capital stock as part of the consideration, which may be dilutive to existing stockholders; 

become
 subject to adverse tax consequences, legal disputes, substantial depreciation or deferred compensation charges; 

use
 cash that we may otherwise need for ongoing or future operation of our business; 

enter
 new geographic markets that subject us to different laws and regulations that may have an adverse impact on our business; 

experience
 difficulties effectively utilizing acquired assets; 

encounter
 difficulties integrating the information and financial reporting systems of acquired businesses, particularly those that operated
 under accounting principles other than those generally accepted in the U.S. prior to the acquisition by us; and 

incur
 debt, which may be on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay. 

Our
business could be adversely affected if we fail to implement and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
over financial reporting. 

If
we are unable to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, or if there are identified significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses in the future, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements and public reports could be impaired, which
could adversely affect our business and financial condition. In addition, investors may lose confidence in our reported information and
the market price of our Common Stock may decline. 

9 

Our
success is substantially dependent on the continued service of our senior management. 

Our
success is substantially dependent on the continued service of our Chief Executive Officer CEO), Kevin Brian Cox and our Chief
Financial Officer CFO ), Anthony Evers. We do not carry key person life insurance on any of its management, which would
leave us uncompensated for the loss of any of its management. The loss of the services of any of our senior management could make it
more difficult to successfully operate our business and achieve our business goals. In addition, competition in our industry for senior
management and other key personnel is intense. If we are unable to retain our existing personnel, or attract and train additional qualified
personnel, either because of competition in our industry for such personnel or because of insufficient financial resources, our product
development capabilities and customer and employee relationships growth may be harmed and overall growth may be limited. 

We
may not have sufficient resources to effectively introduce and market our services and products, which could materially harm our operating
results. 

Continuation
of market acceptance for our existing services and products require substantial marketing efforts and will require our sales account
executives and contract partners to make significant expenditures of time and money. In some instances, we will be significantly or totally
reliant on the marketing efforts and expenditures of our contract partners, outside sales agents and distributors. 

Because
we currently have very limited marketing resources and sales capabilities, commercialization of our products, some of which require regulatory
clearance prior to market entrance, we must either expand our own marketing and sales capabilities or consider collaborating with additional
third parties to perform these functions. We may, in some instances, rely significantly on sales, marketing and distribution arrangements
with collaborative partners and other third parties. In these instances, our future revenue will be materially dependent upon the success
of the efforts of these third parties. 

10 

Should
we determine that expanding our own marketing and sales capabilities is required, we may not be able to attract and retain qualified
personnel to serve in our sales and marketing organization, to develop an effective distribution network or to otherwise effectively
support our commercialization activities. The cost of establishing and maintaining a more comprehensive sales and marketing organization
may exceed its cost effectiveness. If we fail to further develop our sales and marketing capabilities, if sales efforts are not effective
or if costs of increasing sales and marketing capabilities exceed their cost effectiveness, our business, results of operations and financial
condition would be materially adversely affected. 

Risks
and uncertainties related to the Company s foreign operations could negatively impact the Company s operating results. 

Centercom,
an entity that we own 40 of, operates in El Salvador. Doing business in El Salvador, and in Latin America generally, involves increased
risks related to geo-political events, political instability, corruption, economic volatility, property crime, drug cartel and gang-related
violence, social and ethnic unrest including riots and looting, enforcement of property rights, governmental regulations, tax policies,
banking policies or restrictions, foreign investment policies, public safety, health and security, anti-money laundering regulations,
interest rate regulation and import/export regulations among others. As in many developing markets, there are also uncertainties as to
how both local law and U.S. federal law is applied, including areas involving commercial transactions and foreign investment. As a result,
actions or events could occur in El Salvador that are beyond the Company s control, which could restrict or eliminate the Company s
ability to operate in El Salvador or significantly reduce customer traffic, product demand and the expected profitability of such operations. 

We
operate in a highly competitive industry. 

We
may encounter competition from local, regional or national entities, some of which have superior resources or other competitive advantages
in the larger wireless services space. Intense competition may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
These competitors may be larger and more highly capitalized, with greater name recognition. We will compete with such companies on brand
name, quality of services, level of expertise, advertising, product and service innovation and differentiation of product and services.
As a result, our ability to secure significant market share may be impeded. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities 

Our
CEO and Chairman, Kevin Brian Cox, has significant control over shareholder matters and the minority shareholders will have little or
no control over our affairs. 

Mr.
Cox currently owns approximately 39 of our outstanding voting equity. Subject to any fiduciary duties owed to our other
stockholders under Nevada law, Mr. Cox is able to exercise significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval,
including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, and will have some control over our
management and policies. Mr. Cox may have interests that are different from yours. For example, Mr. Cox may support proposals and
actions with which you may disagree. The concentration of ownership could delay or prevent a change in control of our Company or
otherwise discourage a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of our Company, which in turn could reduce the price of
our stock. In addition, Mr. Cox could use his voting influence to maintain our existing management and directors in office, delay or
prevent changes in control of our Company, or support or reject other management and proposals of the Board of Directors (the
 Board that are subject to stockholder approval, such as amendments to our employee stock plans and approvals of
significant financing transactions. 

Sales
of a significant number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market or the perception of such possible sales, could depress the
market price of our Common Stock. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public markets, which include an offering of our preferred stock or Common
Stock could depress the market price of our Common Stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity
or equity-related securities. We cannot predict the effect that future sales of our Common Stock or other equity-related securities would
have on the market price of our Common Stock. 

Our
share price could be volatile and our trading volume may fluctuate substantially. 

The
price of our Common Stock has been and may in the future continue to be extremely volatile. Many factors could have a significant impact
on the future price of our shares of Common Stock, including: 

our
 inability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, whether through the issuance of equity securities or debt; 

our
 failure to successfully implement our business objectives; 

compliance
 with ongoing regulatory requirements; 

market
 acceptance of our products; 

changes
 in government regulations; 

general
 economic conditions and other external factors including, as of March 30, 2023, the ongoing military conflict between Russia and
 Ukraine (which has resulted in various countries, including the U.S., Canada and the United Kingdom, as well as the European Union,
 issuing broad-ranging economic sanctions against Russia) may have adverse effects on regional and global economic markets and lead
 to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets, potentially making it more difficult for us to obtain additional funds and
 increasing the volatility of our share price; 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results; and 

the
 degree of trading liquidity in our shares of Common Stock. 

11 

A
decline in the price of our shares of Common Stock could affect our ability to raise further working capital and adversely impact our
ability to continue operations. 

The
relatively low price of our shares of Common Stock, and a decline in the price of our shares of Common Stock, could result in a reduction
in the liquidity of our Common Stock and a reduction in our ability to raise capital. Because a significant portion of our operations
has been and will continue to be financed through the sale of equity securities, a decline in the price of our shares of Common Stock
could be especially detrimental to our liquidity and our operations. Such reductions and declines may force us to reallocate funds from
other planned uses and may have a significant negative effect on our business plans and operations, including our ability to continue
our current operations. If the price for our shares of Common Stock declines, it may be more difficult to raise additional capital. If
we are unable to raise sufficient capital, and we are unable to generate funds from operations sufficient to meet our obligations, we
will not have the resources to continue our operations. 

The
market price for our shares of Common Stock may also be affected by our ability to meet or exceed expectations of analysts or investors.
Any failure to meet these expectations, even if minor, may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our shares of Common
Stock. 

We
currently do not intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock. As result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment
is if the price of our Common Stock appreciates. 

We
currently do not expect to declare or pay dividends on our Common Stock. In addition, in the future we may enter into agreements that
prohibit or restrict our ability to declare or pay dividends on our Common Stock. As a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return
on your investment will be if the market price of our Common Stock appreciates and you sell your shares at a profit. 

12 

We
could issue additional Common Stock, which might dilute the book value of our Common Stock. 

The
Board has authority, without action or vote of our shareholders, to issue all or a part of our authorized but unissued shares. Such stock
issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount or a premium from the then-current trading price of our Common Stock. In
addition, in order to raise capital, we may need to issue securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock.
These issuances would dilute the percentage ownership interest, which would have the effect of reducing your influence on matters requiring
shareholders vote and might dilute the book value of our Common Stock. You may incur additional dilution if holders of stock warrants
or options, whether currently outstanding or subsequently granted, exercise their options, or if warrant holders exercise their warrants
to purchase shares of our Common Stock. 

Future
Issuance of Our Common Stock, Preferred Stock, Options and Warrants Could Dilute the Interests of Existing Stockholders. 

We
may issue additional shares of our Common Stock, preferred stock, options and warrants in the future. These issuances may include
substantial milestone-based issuances of securities to our executive officers as described in Item 11 of this Annual Report under
the heading Employment Agreements. The issuance of a substantial amount of Common Stock, options and warrants could
have the effect of substantially diluting the interests of our current stockholders. In addition, the sale of a substantial amount
of Common Stock or preferred stock in the public market, or the exercise of a substantial number of warrants and options either in
the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in an acquisition which received such Common Stock as
consideration or by investors who acquired such Common Stock in a private placement could have an adverse effect on the market price
of our Common Stock. 

13 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
presently occupy space at 3 locations: 3124 Brother Blvd, Suite 410, Bartlett, TN 38133 (this building is owned by an entity owned by
Mr. Cox, our CEO and Chairman), 1375 E Woodfield Road, Schaumburg IL 60173 and1615 S Ingram Mill, Building B, Springfield, Missouri 65804. 

See pages F-42 and F-43 for detail lease information. 

We
will acquire additional office space as needed. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

(1) 
 Global
Reconnect, LLC and Terracom, Inc. v. Jonathan Coffman, Jerry Carroll, True Wireless, Surge Holdings: In the Chancery Court of Hamilton
County, TN, Docket # 20-00058, Filed Jan 21, 2020. On January 21, 2020, a complaint was filed related to a noncompetition dispute. Terracom
believed Mr. Coffman and Mr. Carroll were in violation of their non-compete agreements by working for us and True Wireless, Inc. Oklahoma
and Tennessee state law does not recognize non-compete agreements and are not usually enforced in the state courts of these states, as
such, we believed True Wireless had a strong case against Terracom. The matter is entering the discovery process. Both Mr. Carroll and
Mr. Coffman are no longer working for True Wireless in sales. Mr. Carroll is off the payroll and Mr. Coffman works for SurgePays, Inc.,
but not in wireless sales. The case was dismissed without prejudice by the court on December 15, 2022. 

(2) 
 Juno
 Financial v. AATAC and Surge Holdings Inc. AND Surge Holdings Inc. v. AATAC; Circuit Court of Hillsborough County, Florida, Case
 # 20-CA-2712 DIV A: Breach of Contract, Account Stated and Open Account claims against Surge by a factoring company. Surge has filed
 a cross-complaint against defendant AATAC for Breach of Contract, Account Stated, Open Account and Common Law Indemnity. Case is
 in discovery. Following analysis by our litigation counsel stating that there is a good defense, management has decided that a reserve
 is not necessary. 

(3) 
 On
 December 17, 2021, Ambess Enterprises, Inc. v SurgePays, Inc., Blair County Pa. case number
 2021 GN 3222. Plaintiff alleged breach of contract and prayed for damages of approximately
 73,000.00, plus fees, costs and interest. Litigation counsel is managing the motion practice
 and discovery process. The case was settled and a settlement agreement entered into on January
 30, 2023. The following payments were made pursuant to the settlement agreement: February
 3, 2023 for 5,000, February 15, 2023 for 25,000 and March 15, 2023 for 30,000. The payments
 under the settlement agreement have been completed. Entry of a dismissal order is pending
 on the Court s docket. 

14 

(4) 
 Blue
 Skies Connections, LLC, and True Wireless, Inc. v. SurgePays, Inc., et. al. : In the District Court of Oklahoma County, OK, CJ-2021-5327,
 filed on December 13, 2021. Plaintiffs petition alleges breach of a Stock Purchase Agreement by SurgePays, SurgePhone Wireless,
 LLC, and Kevin Brian Cox, and makes other allegations related to SurgePays consulting work with Jonathan Coffman, a True Wireless
 employee. Blue Skies believes the Defendants are in violation of their non-competition and non-solicitation agreements related to
 the sale of True Wireless from SurgePays to Blue Skies. Oklahoma state law does not recognize non-compete agreements and non-solicitation
 agreements in the manner alleged by Plaintiffs, as such we believe SurgePays, SurgePhone, and Cox have a strong defense against the
 claims asserted by Blue Skies and True Wireless. The matter continues in the discovery process. Mr. Coffman is no longer working
 for True Wireless. An attempt at mediation in July, 2022 did not achieve a settlement. The petition requests injunctive relief, general
 damages, punitive damages, attorney fees and costs for alleged breach of contract, tortious interference with a business relationship,
 and fraud. Plaintiffs have made a written demand for damages and the parties continue to discuss a potential resolution. This matter
 is an anti-competitive attempt by Blue Skies and True Wireless to damage SurgePays, SurgePhone, and Cox. Written discovery is winding
 down and depositions are anticipated in the second and third quarters of 2023. 

(5) 
 Robert
 Aliotta and Steve Vasquesz, on behalf of themselves and others similarly situated v. SurgePays, Inc. d/b/a Surge Logics , filed
 January 4, 2023, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Case No. 1:23-cv-00042. Plaintiffs allege
 violations of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) and the Florida Telephone Solicitations Act (FTSA) based on telephone
 solicitations allegedly made by or on behalf of SurgePays, Inc. Plaintiffs seek damages for themselves and seek certification
 of a class action on behalf of others similarly situated. Defendants intend to vigorously defend the action however most similar
 cases are eventually resolved by an out-of-court settlement. At this time, it is impossible to estimate the amount or range of potential
 loss, but similar matters are usually settled for 100,000.00 or less. SurgePays, Inc has been removed from the case following a
 Motion to Dismiss and LogicsIQ, Inc. has been named as the defendant. The case remains in the pleadings stage. 

(6) 
 Meral
 Demiray v Surge Holdings, Inc. a/k/a SurgePays, Inc. : In the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois,
 Case # 22-cv-6591, filed November 23, 2022. Plaintiff filed a claim against SurgePays following her dismissal from her position as
 an employee of the company. Following negotiations among and between SurgePays, SurgePays insurance carrier and the Plaintiff,
 a settlement has been reached and has been completed and the case was dismissed by Stipulation of the Parties. 

(7) 
 SurgePays, Inc. et al. v. Fina et al., Case No. CJ-2022-2782,
District Court of Oklahoma County, Oklahoma. Plaintiffs SurgePays, Inc. and Kevin Brian Cox initiated this case against its former officer
Mike Fina, his companies Blue Skies Connections, LLC, True Wireless, Inc., Government Consulting Solutions, Inc., Mussell Communications
LLC and others. This case also arises from the June 2021 transaction by which SurgePays sold True Wireless to Blue Skies. During the litigation
of CJ-2021-5327 described above, SurgePays learned information that showed Mike Fina breached his duties owed to True Wireless during
his employment and consulting work for True Wireless prior to SurgePays sale of True Wireless to Blue Skies. SurgePays alleges
that Mike Fina conspired with the other defendants to damage True Wireless thereby harming the value of the company and causing its
eventual sale at a greatly reduced price. SurgePays asserts claims for (i) breach of contract; (ii) breach of fiduciary duty; (iii) fraud; (iv)
tortious interference; and (v) unjust enrichment. At this stage no defendant has asserted a counter-claim against SurgePays. 

The case is still at the early pleadings stage. SurgePays
filed a Second Amended Petition on January 27, 2023. Defendants Fina, Blue Skies, True Wireless, and Government Consulting Solutions filed
a Motion to Dismiss on March 10, 2023. It is SurgePays present intent to vigorously prosecute this case. At this early stage,
no attempts at settlement have been made. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

The
Common Stock and the Warrants began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols SURG and SURGW, respectively, on November
2, 2021. 

15 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were approximately 3,657 holders of record of our Common Stock. Since certain shares of our Common Stock
are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, the foregoing number of holders of our Common Stock is not representative
of the number of beneficial holders of our Common Stock. 

The
last reported sales price for our Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 28, 2023 was 4.45. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends for the
foreseeable future. We are not subject to any legal restrictions respecting the payment of dividends, except that we may not pay dividends
if the payment would render us insolvent. Any future determination as to the payment of cash dividends on our Common Stock will be at
the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements and other factors that
the Board considers to be relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Preferred
Stock 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have
any shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent of our Common Stock is VStock Transfer, LLC. Their address is 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

We
have previously disclosed in our 10-Qs and 8-Ks filed in 2022 all 2022 sales of securities without registration under the Securities
Act of 1933 other than the following: 

In 2022, the Company issued 270,745 shares of common stock at 4.01/share
to settle 1,086,413 of debt principal. These shares were issued pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, afforded by Section 4(a)(2) thereof for the sale of securities not involving a public offering. 

16 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing
elsewhere in this Annual Report. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those set forth in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Business
Overview 

We
were incorporated in Nevada on August 18, 2006 and a technology and telecommunications company focused on the underbanked and underserved
communities. 

SurgePhone
wireless companies provide mobile broadband (internet connectivity) to low-income consumers nationwide. SurgePays Fintech platform utilizes
a suite of financial and prepaid products to convert corner stores and bodegas into tech-hubs for underbanked neighborhoods. We are aggressively
cornering the underbanked market directly to the consumer and in the stores they shop. 

Please
see the description in Item 1 of this Annual Report for a description of our SurgePhone, Torch Wireless, and LocoRabbit Wireless,
Surge Blockchain, Shockwave CRM , Surge Fintech (ECS Business), LogicsIQ, and CenterCom operations. 

17 

COMPARISON
OF YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Revenues
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 121,544,190 
 51,060,589 
 
 Cost
 of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 (108,074,782 
 (44,890,610 
 
 General
 and administrative 
 (12,835,623 
 (12,162,547 
 
 Income (Loss)
 from operations 
 633,785 
 (5,992,568 

Revenue
increased overall by 70,483,601 (138 from year ended December 31, 2021 to year ended December 31, 2022. The breakout was as follows: 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Surge
 Phone and Torch Wireless 
 88,351,547 
 7,289,239 
 
 Surge
 Blockchain, LLC 
 112,911 
 138,106 
 
 LogicsIQ,
 Inc. 
 16,760,656 
 17,846,698 
 
 Surge
 Fintech ECS 
 16,319,076 
 24,628,566 
 
 True
 Wireless 
 - 
 1,157,980 
 
 Surge
 Pays, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 121,544,190 
 51,060,589 

SurgePhone
and Torch Wireless revenues (as detailed in Notes 2 and 11 of the financial statements) increased by 81,062,308 related to the
additional revenue stream generated by the increase in subscribers to over 200,000 at the end of 2022 from 30,000 at the end of 2021
for the Emergency Broadband Benefit and Affordable Connectivity programs (the ACP started in August of 2021. LogicsIQ
revenues decreased by 1,086,042 related to the maturity cycle of the various litigations we are delivering retained cases on. The
overall case count went from 14,492 in 2021 to 9,362 in 2022. Surge Fintech (ECS) revenues decreased by 8,309,490 due to Covid-19
impact and the shifting of customers to the ACP from wireless prepaid services at our stores. True Wireless revenues decreased by
 1,157,980 as a result of the May 7, 2021 disposition. 

We
expect revenues to grow for each segment of the Company in future periods, specifically our subscriber base and active store count. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 

Surge Phone and Torch Wireless 
 11,921,855 
 1,160,124 
 
 Surge Blockchain, LLC 
 56,823 
 124,704 
 
 LogicsIQ, Inc. 
 324,259 
 705,224 
 
 Surge Fintech ECS 
 (1,974,773 
 (546,665 
 
 True Wireless 
 - 
 236,905 
 
 Surge Pays, Inc. 
 (9,694,379 
 (7,672,860 
 
 Total 
 633,785 
 (5,992,568 

Operations
income improved overall by 6,626,353 from year ended December 31, 2021 to year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of an
increase in operating profit of 10,761,731 in SurgePhone and Torch Wireless, a decrease in operating profit of 380,965 in LogicsIQ,
and a decrease in operating profit of 1,428,108 in Surge Fintech. Most of these changes are directly related to the change in revenue
for each stream. Overall margins remained consistent in 2021 and 2022. 

Cost
of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 

Cost
of revenue for services primarily consists of tablet, phone and SIM cards and associated freight, shipping and handling costs, marketing
services, data plan expenses, royalties, and out-sourced call center expenses. 

We
expect that our cost of revenue will increase or decrease to the extent that our revenue increases and decreases and depending on our
subscriber base and store count. 

Gross
profit is calculated as revenue less cost of revenue. Gross profit margin is gross profit expressed as a percentage of revenue.
Our gross profit in future periods will depend on a variety of factors, including: market conditions that may impact our pricing, sales
mix among devices, sales mix changes among consumables, excess and obsolete inventories, and our cost structure for manufacturing operations
relative to volume. Our gross profit in future periods will vary based upon our revenue stream mix and may increase based upon our distribution
channels. 

We
expect that our gross profit margin for product and service will increase over the long term as our sales and production volumes increase
and our cost per unit decreases due to efficiencies of scale. We intend to use our design, information systems, and sales force capabilities
to further advance and improve the efficiency of our revenue streams, which we believe will reduce costs and increase our gross margin. 

General
and administrative during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 931,593 
 759,383 
 
 Selling,
 general and administration 
 11,904,030 
 11,403,164 
 
 Total 
 12,835,623 
 12,162,547 

The
increase in depreciation and amortization costs for 2022 is the result of capitalizing costs associated with software enhancements to
our various software platforms in 2022. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Contractors
 and consultants 
 1,667,016 
 2,284,135 
 
 Professional
 services 
 1,204,133 
 1,758,055 
 
 Compensation 
 4,780,885 
 3,872,765 
 
 Computer
 and internet 
 403,583 
 552,455 
 
 Advertising
 and marketing 
 259,393 
 661,238 
 
 Bad
 debt expense (recovery) 
 (7,767 
 24,841 
 
 Insurance 
 1,535,687 
 791,535 
 
 Other 
 2,061,100 
 1,458,140 
 
 Total 
 11,904,030 
 11,403,164 

18 

Selling,
general and administrative costs (S, G A) increased by 500,866 (4.4 ). The changes are discussed below: 

Contractors
 and consultants expense decreased by 617,119 or 27 from 2,284,135 in 2021 to 1,667,016 in 2022. 

Professional services decreased 553,922 in 2022 primarily due to a decrease
in legal fees of 395,989. Legal proceedings and fees related to the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market were the
main reason for the higher spending on professional services in 2021. 

Compensation
 increased from 3,872,765 in 2021 to 4,780,885 in 2022 primarily as a result of one-time bonuses paid to various management personnel
 in 2022. 

Computer
 and internet costs decreased by 26.9 to 403,583 in 2022 from 552,455 in 2021. 

Advertising
 and marketing costs decreased to 259,393 in 2022 from 661,238 in 2021 primarily due to the normalization of advertising spending in
 2022. 

Bad
 debt expense recovery decreased to (7,767) in 2022 from 24,841 in 2021. 

Insurance
 expense increased to 1,535,687 in 2022 from 791,535 in 2021 primarily as a result of a full year of additional coverage amounts
 related to the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Other
 costs increased to 2,061,100 in 2022 from 1,458,140 in 2021 primarily due to an increase various administrative expenses such as
 office, building, travel and bank fees. 

Other
(expense) income during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Interest,
 net 
 (1,843,396 
 (3,840,616 
 
 Change
 in fair value of derivative liabilities` 
 - 
 1,806,763 
 
 Derivative
 expense 
 - 
 (1,775,057 
 
 Gain
 (loss) on equity investment in Centercom 
 (89,082 
 28,676 
 
 Gain
 (loss) on settlement of liabilities 
 336,726 
 1,469,641 
 
 Amortization
 of debt discount 
 (115,404 
 (3,677,121 
 
 Gain
 on deconsolidation of True Wireless 
 - 
 1,895,871 
 
 Settlement
 expense 
 - 
 (3,750,000 
 
 Warrant
 modification expense 
 - 
 (74,476 
 
 Other
 income 
 524,143 
 377,743 
 
 Total
 other (expense) income 
 (1,187,013 
 (7,538,576 

Interest
expense decreased to 1,843,396 in 2022 from 3,840,616 in 2021 primarily due to the payoff of various debt instruments in 2021 as a
result of the cash raised from the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 0 and
 1,806,763, respectively. These amounts reflect a mark to market adjustment recorded to the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with the repayment of convertible notes which contained embedded
conversion features, the related derivative liabilities ceased to exist. 

A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for the derivative liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant
unobservable inputs (Level 3) is as follows at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Derivative
 liability - December 31, 2020 
 1,357,528 
 
 Fair
 value at commitment date 
 1,877,250 
 
 Fair
 value mark to market adjustment 
 (1,806,763 
 
 Gain
 on derivative liability upon related debt settled 
 (1,428,015 
 
 Derivative
 liability - December 31, 2021 and 2022 
 - 

Changes
in fair value of derivative liabilities are included in other income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a derivative expense of 0 and 1,775,057, respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a gain of 0 and 1,428,015, respectively, related to the settlement
of convertible debt which contained an embedded conversion feature and was separately bifurcated and classified as a derivative liability.
The Company has recorded these gains in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations as a component of gain on settlement of
liabilities. 

19 

The
equity investment in Centercom decreased by 89,082 in 2022 compared to an increase of 28,676 in 2021. 

During 2022, the Company received a forgiveness on a PPP loan totaling
 524,143, of which 518,167 was for principal and 5,976 for accrued interest. The Company recorded this forgiveness as other income in
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

In
2021, in connection with the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market, 433,017 warrants were repriced at a lower exercise price to better reflect the current market offering.
No other terms had been modified. As a result, the Company recorded a warrant modification expense of 74,476 in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations with an offsetting increase to additional paid in capital. 

Equity
Transactions for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Stock
Issued as Direct Offering Costs 

The
Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock for services rendered in connection with the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq
Capital Market 2021. As a result, the Company recorded the par value of the common stock issued with a corresponding charge to additional
paid-in capital, resulting in a net effect of 0 to stockholders equity. 

Stock
Issued for Acquisition of Software 

The
Company acquired software having a fair value of 711,400. Payment for the software consisted of 300,000 in cash and the Company issued
85,000 shares of common stock having a fair value of 411,400 4.84/share), based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

Exercise
of Warrants (Cashless) 

The
Company issued 147,153 shares of common stock in connection with the cashless exercise of 498,750 warrants. These transactions had a net effect
of 0 on stockholders equity. 

Exercise
of Warrants 

The
Company issued 100 shares of common stock in connection with an exercise of 100 warrants at an exercise price of 4.73 per share for
proceeds of 473. 

Equity
Transactions for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Stock
Issued for Services 

The
Company issued 13,411 shares of common stock for services rendered, having a fair value of 99,436 5 - 14.05/share), based upon the
quoted closing trading price. 

Stock
and Warrants Issued for Cash and Related Direct Offering Costs 

The
Company issued an aggregate 4,862,247 shares of common stock for 21,294,800 4.30 - 8/share). In connection with raising these funds,
the Company paid 2,222,952 in direct offering costs, resulting in net proceeds of 19,076,710. 

LIQUIDITY
and CAPITAL RESOURCES 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, our current assets were 27,563,785 and 13,892,681, respectively, and our current liabilities were 23,464,062
and 9,998,194, respectively, which resulted in a working capital surplus of 4,099,723 and of 3,894,487, respectively. The increase in current assets is a result of expansion of the Affordable
Connectivity Program, whereby inventory increased by 6,826,946 for tablets and phones and accounts receivable increased by 5,980,476. 

Total
assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 34,003,506 and 19,500,202, respectively. The increase in total assets is a result
of the expansion of the Affordable Connectivity Program, whereby inventory increased by 6,826,946 for tablets and phones and
accounts receivable increased by 5,980,476. Total assets increased by 14,503,304 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. At
December 31, 2022, assets consisted of current assets of 27,563,785, net property and equipment of 643,373, net intangible assets
of 2,779,977, goodwill of 1,666,782, equity investment in Centercom of 354,206, note receivable of 176,851, internal use
software of 387,180, and operating lease right of use asset of 431,352 compared to current assets of 13,892,681, net property and
equipment of 200,448, net intangible assets of 3,433,484, goodwill of 866,782, equity investment in Centercom of 443,288, note
receivable of 176,851, and operating lease right of use asset of 486,668 at December 31,
2021. 

At
December 31, 2022, our total liabilities were 28,885,253. This 12,936,372 increase (from 15,948,881 at December 31, 2021) was
related to the installment sales liability increase of 13,018,184 related to inventory purchases for the
Affordable Connectivity Program. 

At
December 31, 2022, our total stockholders surplus was 5,118,253 as compared to 3,551,321 at December 31, 2021. 

We
expect the positive operating income results of 3,322,294 for the period October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 will continue to be positive
for each reporting period of 2023. The gross margin for the period of October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 was approximately 18 .
Revenue streams are expecting to increase quarter over quarter in 2023. 

The
following table sets forth the major sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash provided by or (used in) operating activities 
 793,272 
 (15,288,261 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,498,582 
 (376,724 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,457,468 
 21,274,486 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 752,158 
 5,609,501 

As
a result of net positive cash provided by operating activities in 2022, the cash increased in 2022 by
 752,158, compared to cash used in operations of 15,288,261 in 2021. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had the following material commitments and contingencies. 

Notes
payable related party - See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Notes
payable and long-term debt - See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Convertible
promissory notes - See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Related
party transactions - See page F-29 and F-30 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Cash
requirements and capital expenditures At the current level of operations, the Company does not anticipate borrowing funds
to meet basic operating costs. The Company may need to borrow funds to meet the hyper-growth expected to occur in the ACP in 2023. 

Known
trends and uncertainties The Company is planning to acquire other businesses with similar business operations. The uncertainty
of the economy may increase the difficulty of raising funds to support the planned business expansion. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Management s
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which
were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions for the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. Our estimates
are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, and any such differences may be material. 

While
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that
are most important to our financial condition and results of operations and which require our most difficult, subjective and complex
judgments. 

Use
of Estimates 

Preparing
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues
and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and those estimates may be material. 

Significant
estimates during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, include, allowance for doubtful accounts and other receivables,
inventory reserves and classifications, valuation of loss contingencies, valuation of derivative liabilities, valuation of stock-based
compensation, estimated useful lives related to intangible assets, capitalized internal-use software development costs, and property
and equipment, implicit interest rate in right-of-use operating leases, uncertain tax positions, and the valuation allowance on deferred
tax assets. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company accounts for financial instruments under Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements .
ASC 820 provides a framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures regarding fair value measurements. Fair value is defined
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date, based on the Company s principal or, in absence of a principal, most advantageous market for the specific
asset or liability. 

The
Company uses a three-tier fair value hierarchy to classify and disclose all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
basis, as well as assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, in periods subsequent to their initial measurement.
The hierarchy requires the Company to use observable inputs when available, and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs, when determining
fair value. 

The
three tiers are defined as follows: 

Level
 1 - Observable inputs that reflect quoted market prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets; 

Level
 2 - Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly in the marketplace
 for identical or similar assets and liabilities; and 

Level
 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market data, which require the Company to develop its own assumptions. 

The
determination of fair value and the assessment of a measurement s placement within the hierarchy requires judgment. Level 3 valuations
often involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity. Level 3 valuations may require the use of various cost, market, or income valuation
methodologies applied to unobservable management estimates and assumptions. Management s assumptions could vary depending on the
asset or liability valued and the valuation method used. Such assumptions could include estimates of prices, earnings, costs, actions
of market participants, market factors, or the weighting of various valuation methods. The Company may also engage external advisors
to assist us in determining fair value, as appropriate. 

20 

Impairment
of Long-lived Assets including Internal Use Capitalized Software Costs 

Management
evaluates the recoverability of the Company s identifiable intangible assets and other long-lived assets when events or circumstances
indicate a potential impairment exists, in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360-10-35-15 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets. Events and circumstances considered by the Company in determining whether the carrying value of identifiable intangible
assets and other long-lived assets may not be recoverable include but are not limited to significant changes in performance relative
to expected operating results; significant changes in the use of the assets; significant negative industry or economic trends; and changes
in the Company s business strategy. In determining if impairment exists, the Company estimates the undiscounted cash flows to be
generated from the use and ultimate disposition of these assets. 

If
impairment is indicated based on a comparison of the assets carrying values and the undiscounted cash flows, the impairment to
be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. 

Inventory
Valuation 

Inventory
is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value (first-in, first-out method). For items manufactured by third parties, cost is
determined using the weighted average cost method (WAC). We write-down inventory when it has been determined that conditions exist that
may not allow the inventory to be sold for at the intended price or the inventory is determined to be obsolete based on assumption about
future demand and market conditions. The charge related to inventory write-downs is recorded as cost of goods sold. We evaluate inventory
at least annually and at other times during the year. We have incurred and may in the future incur charges to write-down inventory. 

Internal
Use Software Development Costs 

We
capitalize certain internal use software development costs associated with creating and enhancing internally developed software related
to our technology infrastructure. These costs include personnel and related employee benefits expenses for employees who are directly
associated with and who devote time to software projects, and external direct costs of materials and services consumed in developing
or obtaining the software. Software development costs that do not meet the qualification for capitalization, as further discussed below,
are expensed as incurred and recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated results of operations. 

21 

Revenue
from Contracts with Customers 

We
account for revenue earned from contracts with customers under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC
606 ), and ASC 842, Leases ASC 842 ). The core principle of ASC 606 is that a company should recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The following five steps are applied to achieve that core principle: 

Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer. 

Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract. 

Step 3: Determine the transaction price. 

Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract. 

Step 5: Recognize revenue when, or as, the company satisfies a performance obligation. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for our stock-based compensation under ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation using the
fair value-based method. Under this method, compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized
over the service period, which is usually the vesting period. This guidance establishes standards for the accounting for transactions
in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services. It also addresses transactions in which an entity incurs liabilities
in exchange for goods or services that are based on the fair value of the entity s equity instruments or that may be settled by
the issuance of those equity instruments. 

The
Company uses the fair value method for equity instruments granted to non-employees and use the Black-Scholes model for measuring the
fair value of options. 

The
fair value of stock-based compensation is determined as of the date of the grant or the date at which the performance of the services
is completed (measurement date) and is recognized over the vesting periods. 

Stock
Warrants 

In
connection with certain financing (debt or equity), consulting and collaboration arrangements, the Company may issue warrants to purchase
shares of its common stock. The outstanding warrants are standalone instruments that are not puttable or mandatorily redeemable by the
holder and are classified as equity awards. The Company measures the fair value of warrants issued for compensation using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model as of the measurement date. However, for warrants issued that meet the definition of a derivative liability, fair
value is determined based upon the use of a binomial pricing model. 

Warrants
issued in conjunction with the issuance of common stock are initially recorded at fair value as a reduction in additional paid-in capital
of the common stock issued. All other warrants (for services) are recorded at fair value and expensed over the requisite service period
or at the date of issuance if there is not a service period. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
the normal course of business, we evaluate all new accounting pronouncements issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, SEC,
or other authoritative accounting bodies to determine the potential impact they may have on our Consolidated Financial Statements. Refer
to Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

22 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Management identified no material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and
procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

b)
Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under
the supervision of, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by
our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (GAAP). Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the assets
of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with GAAP and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorization of management
and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our control over financial reporting based on the 2013 framework in Internal Control
- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31,
2022, management identified no weaknesses. 

Pursuant
to Regulation S-K Item 308(b), as the Company is not an accelerated filer nor a large accelerated filer, this Annual Report does not
include an attestation report of our company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated
can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their cost. 

23 

c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting, which were identified in connection
with our management s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to have a materially affect, on our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table and biographical summaries set forth information, including principal occupation and business experience, about our directors
and executive officers as of March 30, 2023: 

Directors
 and Executive Officers 
 
 Position/Title 
 
 Age 

Kevin
 Brian Cox 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 47 
 
 Anthony
 Evers 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and acting Chief Operating Officer 
 
 59 
 
 David
 C. Ansani 
 
 Chief
 Administrative Officer 
 
 58 
 
 David
 N. Keys 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 66 
 
 Laurie Weisberg 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 53 
 
 Richard Schurfeld 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 59 
 
 David
 May 
 
 Non-independent
 Director 
 
 54 

Kevin
Brian Cox Chief Executive Officer and Director. Mr. Cox has been Chief Executive Officer and Director since July
2017. He also served as Chief Financial Officer of the Company from July 2017 to March 2018 and as President of the Company from
July 2017 to February 2019. He was the majority owner of True Wireless from January 2011 through April 2018, when True Wireless
became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Cox is an accomplished technology entrepreneur growing best-in-class and
profitable companies for nearly 20 years. Throughout most of his career, he has focused on delivering telecom, broadband and financial
services to the unbanked and underserved segments of society. He began his career in telecom in 2004 when he founded his first
prepaid telephone company (CLEC) which through organic growth and acquisition, became the largest prepaid home phone company in the
country before being sold in 2009. Mr. Cox attended Murray State University majoring in Economics. We believe Mr. Cox is qualified
to serve on our Board due to his experience as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and his telecom leadership
experience. 

24 

David
C. Ansani Chief Administrative Officer. Mr. Ansani has been Chief Administrative Officer since August 2017, and was
a Director until February 2021. He was also appointed Secretary of the Company in February 2019. From 2010 to the present date, he has
served as Chief Compliance Officer/Human Resources Officer/In-House Counsel for Glass Mountain Capital, LLC, a start-up financial services
company specializing in the recovery of distressed assets. In this capacity, he reviews and evaluates compliance issues and concerns
within the organization. The position ensures that management and employees are in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations
of regulatory agencies (FDCPA, TCPA, GLB, CFPB, etc.); that company policies and procedures are being followed; and that behavior in
the organization meets the company s standards of conduct. Ms. Ansani received his B.A. and MBA from the University of Chicago,
and J.D. from the Chicago-Kent College of Law. 

Anthony
Evers Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Evers has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since May 1, 2020. Mr.
Evers has also served as Chief Financial Officer of LogicsIQ since August 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Evers served as Chief
Financial Officer for Vista Health System from October 2019 to March 2020. Between June 2019 and October 2019, Mr. Evers served as CFO
of Santa Cruz Valley Regional Hospital. Between 2015 and 2019, Mr. Evers served as CFO and CIO of KSB Hospital. Prior to that, he served
as CFO of various organizations, including Norwegian American Hospital and Horizon Homecare and Hospice. During his career, Mr. Evers
has been the financial lead in over 20 merger and divesture transactions ranging from a single physician practice to multi-entity nursing
homes. Throughout his career, Mr. Evers has served on numerous boards of directors, including Wheaton Franciscan Healthcare, Covenant
Healthcare, All Saints Health System, Rogers Hospital, and the Animal Shelter in Beaver Dam WI. He has also served as a member of the
Dixon Illinois Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Evers has also served as the audit and finance committee chair at several of these organizations.
Mr. Evers obtained his Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance and Masters of Science in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater.
Mr. Evers also successfully obtained his Certified Public Accountant and Certified Internal Auditor credentials. 

25 

David
N. Keys Director . Mr. Keys has been a director of the Company since July 2019. Mr. Keys began his career with
Deloitte serving in the audit group in the Las Vegas and New York City executive offices. David was the Executive Vice President, CFO
and member of the executive committee of the Board of Directors of American Pacific, a chemical company that was publicly traded on the
NASDAQ for the entirety of the time he was a director and executive officer. Since 2004, Mr. Keys has been an independent financial and
operations consultant. Mr. Keys currently serves on the Board of ARC Point, Inc. (TSXV: ARC), and on the Board of private companies,
including Prosetta Biosciences Inc., Akonni Biosystems Inc. and Walker Digital Table Systems, LLC. He previously served on the Boards
of Directors of RSC International Systems, Inc., AmFed Financial Inc., Norwest Bank of Nevada and Wells Fargo Bank of Nevada. Mr. Keys
also served on the Advisory Board of Directors of FM Global, a leading provider of property and casualty insurance. Mr. Keys is a Certified
Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Valuation Analyst (CVA), Certified Management Accountant (CMA), Chartered Global Management Accountant
(CGMA), Certified Information Technology Professional (CITP), Certified in Financial Forensics (CFF), and Certified in Financial Management
(CFM). He received a Bachelor of Science in accounting from Oklahoma State University. We believe Mr. Keys is qualified to serve on our
Board due to his financial and governance experience. 

Laurie
Weisberg Director. Ms. Laurie Weisberg was appointed to the Board in December 2022. Ms. Weisberg served as a member of the
Board of Directors of Creatd, Inc. from July 2020 to September 2022 and served in a number of executive officer positions while Creatd
was traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Ms. Weisberg began her executive tenure at Creatd as Chief Operating Officer from October 2020
until August 2021. Ms. Weisberg then held the position of Co-Chief Executive Officer from August 2021 to February 2022. Ms. Weisberg
was sole Chief Executive Officer from February 2022 to September 2022. Ms. Weisberg, who has served as the Chief Sales Officer at
Intent since February 2019, has spent over 25 years at the forefront of sales and marketing innovation in the technology space, having
held leadership positions at various technology companies including Thrive Global, Curalate, and Oracle Data Cloud. From October 2010
to April 2015, Ms. Weisberg was a member of the executive leadership team at Datalogix, leading up to its acquisition by Oracle in 2015,
at which point she assumed the role of VP of Oracle Data Cloud. Additionally, Ms. Weisberg has served on the Advisory Board at Crowdsmart,
an intelligent data-driven investment prediction platform since April 2019. Ms. Weisberg was born and educated in England. We believe
Ms. Weisberg is qualified to serve on our Board due to her leadership experience working within the technology space. 

Richard
Schurfeld Director. Mr. Schurfeld was appointed to the Board in December 2022. Since 2001, Mr. Schurfeld has served as Chief
Executive Officer of Redsson, Ltd., a B2B software and services company that develops custom solutions to help utility companies,
healthcare providers and payer organizations accelerate and streamline complicated manual processes and improve efficiencies. Mr. Schurfeld
is a graduate of the United States Air Force Academy. We believe Mr. Schurfeld is qualified to serve on our Board due to his leadership
experience working within the technology space. 

David
May Director. Mr. May has been a director of the Company since February 2021. Mr. May has been a banking professional since
1994. Throughout his career, he has established himself as one of the leading convenience store and convenience store wholesaler financiers
in the Mid-South through his cultivation of personal relationships and service to members of this close-knit community. David has been
Senior Vice President of Commercial Banking since 2007 with Landmark Community Bank, a Memphis based commercial bank with over a billion
dollars in assets with offices in the Memphis and Nashville, Tennessee markets. He has been a bank officer for both community banks and
large regional banks over his 27-year banking career. David is a graduate of the Southeastern School of Commercial Banking at Vanderbilt
University and, in the past, served as Chairman of the Board for seven years for The Agency for Youth and Family Development, a residential
treatment facility for adolescent males. He is also a founding owner of Global Defense Specialists, a military aircraft fleet sustainment
company specializing in Lockheed F-16 s and C-130 s and Northrop F-5 jet fighters. We believe Mr. May is qualified to serve
on our Board due to his banking experience in the convenience store sector. 

None
of the above directors and executive officers has been involved in any legal proceedings as listed in Regulation S-K, Section 401(f)
material to an evaluation of the ability or integrity of any director or executive officer. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Board Meetings 

Our Board held one formal Board
meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022 and no formal Board meetings during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

For the years ended December 31,
2021 and 2022, each incumbent director attended at least 75 of all meetings held by the Board and the committees of the Board on which
they served during each year. 

To the extent reasonably practicable,
we encourage each of our directors to attend annual meetings of shareholders. All of our incumbent directors attended the 2022 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders held in March 2023 either in person or remotely. 

Board
Composition, Committees, and Independence 

Audit
Committee . Our audit committee consists of David N. Keys, Richard Schurfeld, and Laurie Weisberg. Mr. Keys is chairperson of the
audit committee and he qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K.
Our Audit Committee held two formal meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022 and one formal meeting during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

The
audit committee s duties are to recommend to our board of directors the engagement of independent auditors to audit our financial
statements and to review its accounting and auditing principles. The audit committee will review the scope, timing and fees for the annual
audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal auditors and independent public accountants, including their recommendations
to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of directors
who are, in the opinion of our board of directors, free from any relationship which would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles. 

Compensation
Committee . Our compensation committee consists of David N. Keys, Richard Schurfeld, and Laurie Weisberg. Ms. Weisberg is chairperson
of the compensation committee. Our compensation committee held one formal meeting during the year ended December 31, 2022 and
no formal meeting during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In
considering and determining executive and director compensation, the compensation committee reviews compensation that is paid by other
similar public companies to its officers and takes that into consideration in determining the compensation to be paid to our officers.
The compensation committee also determines and approves any non-cash compensation paid to any employee. We do not engage any compensation
consultants to assist in determining or recommending compensation to our officers or employees. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee . Our nominating and corporate governance committee consists of David N. Keys, Richard Schurfeld,
and Laurie Weisberg. Mr. Schurfeld is chairperson of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Our nominating and corporate
governance committee held one formal meeting during the year ended December 31, 2022 and no formal meeting during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

The
responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee include the identification of individuals qualified to become Board
members, the selection of nominees to stand for election as directors, the oversight of the selection and composition of committees of
the Board, establishing procedures for the nomination process, oversight of possible conflicts of interests involving the Board and its
members, developing corporate governance principles, and the oversight of the evaluations of the Board and management. The nominating
and corporate governance committee has not established a policy with regard to the consideration of any candidates recommended by stockholders.
If we receive any stockholder recommended nominations, the nominating and corporate governance committee will carefully review the recommendation(s)
and consider such recommendation(s) in good faith. 

26 

Director
Independence 

We
have determined, after considering all the relevant facts and circumstances, that David N. Keys, Laurie Weisberg, and Richard Schurfeld
are independent directors as defined by the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Exchange and by the SEC because they have no relationship
with us that would interfere with their exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities as a director. Kevin
Brian Cox and David May are not independent as defined by the listing standards as Mr. Cox is an executive officer of the
Company and Mr. May was, in 2021, a controlling shareholder of an organization to which the Company made payments for services that exceeded
the greater of 200,000 or five percent (5 of the organization s consolidated gross revenues for 2021. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of the Company s executive officers serves, or in the past has served, as a member of the Board of Directors or compensation committee,
or other committee serving an equivalent function, of any entity that has one or more executive officers who serve as members of the
Company s Board or its Compensation Committee. None of the members of the Company s Compensation Committee is, or has ever
been, an officer or employee of the company. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Board adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to each officer, director, and employee of the Company. The full text
of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at www.surgepays.com. We intend to disclose on our website any future
amendments of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or waivers that exempt any principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller, persons performing similar functions or our directors from provisions in the Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed at the annual meeting of shareholders and hold office until the annual meeting of the shareholders next succeeding
his or her election, or until his or her prior death, resignation or removal in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed
by the Board and hold office until the annual meeting of the Board next succeeding his or her election, and until his or her successor
shall have been duly elected and qualified, subject to earlier termination by his or her death, resignation or removal. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of a class of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the
SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish
us with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). To our knowledge, based solely on a review of reports furnished
to it, our officers, directors and ten percent holders have made the required filings other than the following: (i) Mr. May did not timely
file two Form 4S reporting acquisitions of shares; and (ii) Mr. Schurfeld did not timely file his Form 3 following his appointment as
a director. 

27 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table shows the compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for our Chief Executive Officer and our two other
executive officers whose total compensation exceeded 100,000 in each year (the Named Executive Officers ). In 2021, our
Named Executive Officers were Kevin Brian Cox, Anthony Nuzzo, and David Ansani. In 2022, our Named Executive Officers were Kevin Brian
Cox, Anthony Evers, and David Ansani. 

Annual Compensation 
 
 Long-Term
Compensation 
 
 Name and 

Other Annual 
 Restricted 
 Securities 

Principal 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Compensation 
 Stock 
 Underlying 
 Total 
 
 Position 
 Year 
 -1 
 -2 
 -3 
 Awards 
 Options 
 Compensation 

Kevin Brian Cox 
 2022 
 548,139 
 375,250 
 160,491 

1,083,880 
 
 CEO and Chairman 
 2021 
 733,862 
 
 38,231 

772,093 

Anthony P. Nuzzo, Jr 
 2022 

President and Director (through March 2022) 
 2021 
 579,157 
 
 65,629 

644,786 

David C. Ansani 
 2022 
 231,626 
 116,250 
 18,374 

366,250 
 
 Chief Administrative Officer 
 2021 
 251,422 
 
 16,125 

267,547 

Anthony Evers 
 2022 
 400,839 
 351,250 
 40,630 

792,719 
 
 CFO 
 2021 
 386,573 
 
 24,635 

411,208 

(1) 
 
 Management
 base salaries can be increased by our Board of Directors based on the attainment of financial and other performance guidelines set
 by our management. 

(2) 
 
 Salaries
 listed do not include annual bonuses to be paid based on profitability and performance. These bonuses will be set, from time to time,
 by a disinterested majority of our Board of Directors. No bonuses will be set until such time as the aforementioned occurs. 

(3) 
 
 Other
 annual compensation consists of paid medical insurance, auto allowances, and housing allowances. 

28 

On
March 23, 2022, the Compensation Committee and Board approved the following one-time cash bonus payments to the following executives
and members of the Board: (i) 375,000 to Mr. Cox (our CEO and Chairman); (ii) 126,000 to Mr. Evers (our CFO); (iii) 116,000 to David
C. Ansani (our Chief Administrative Officer); (iv) 20,000 to David N. Keys (a member of the Board); (v) 10,000 to David May (a member
of the Board); and (vi) 10,000 to Jay Jones (formerly a member of the Board). These one-time cash bonus payments were paid prior to
April 21, 2022. 

In
addition, on March 23, 2022, the Compensation Committee and Board approved the Company issuing the independent members of the Board on
the first day of April each year that an independent director is then serving on the Board the number of options to purchase shares of
Common Stock (the Director Options equivalent to 60,000 with the number of Director Options to be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the 2022 Plan. As of March 30 2023, no Director Options have been issued. 

Employment
Agreements 

On
May 13, 2022, the Company entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Cox (the CEO Employment Agreement ). 

Below
is a summary of the key provisions of the CEO Employment Agreement. 

Term
of Employment: The CEO Employment Agreement had an effective date of May 13, 2022 and continues for a period of five years. The CEO
Employment Agreement will automatically renew and continue for successive one-year terms unless terminated pursuant to qualifying termination
events. In addition, either party may terminate the CEO Employment Agreement by sending written notice to the other party, not more than
270 days and not less than 90 days before the end of the then-existing term of employment, of such party s desire to terminate
the CEO Employment Agreement at the end of the then-existing term. 

29 

Base
Compensation: During the term of the CEO Employment Agreement, Mr. Cox will receive a base salary of 475,000 per year and,
provided that the Company s EBITDA was positive in the prior calendar year, the base salary will be increased on January 1 of each
year by six percent (6 per annum. Mr. Cox s base salary did not increase on January
1, 2023 due to ongoing discussions between the Compensation Committee and Mr. Cox regarding the definition of EBITDA. 

Cash
Bonus: Mr. Cox will receive a cash bonus each year of the greater of (i) between 2.5 and 10 of the Company s calendar
year EBITDA (with the marginal percentage decreasing as EBITDA increases from 1 million to 3 million). By way of example only, if EBITDA
is 1.5 million, Mr. Cox will receive 137,500 ((10 of 1 million = 100,000) plus (7.5 of 500,000 = 37,500)) and (ii) between 30 
and 150 of base salary determined by the relationship between the Company s annual performance and an annual target performance
set each year by mutual agreement between the Board and Mr. Cox (with the percentage of base salary increasing as the percentage of target
increases from 79 to over 150 ). 

As of March 30, 2023, no cash bonus has been paid to Mr. Cox as there are ongoing
discussions between the Compensation Committee and Mr. Cox regarding the definition of EBITDA. 

Stock
Bonus: The Company will issue, out of the 2022 Plan and future equity incentive plans to be approved by the Company s shareholders,
three different categories of stock bonuses and one category of options. As of March
30, 2023, no stock bonuses or options have been issued to Mr. Cox as there are ongoing discussions between the Compensation Committee
and Mr. Cox regarding the definition of EBITDA and the measurement period and payment dates for the non-EBITDA milestone-based payments. 

(i) 
 EBITDA
 based issuances - 500,000 shares of common stock upon the Company first reaching positive cash flow EBITDA for a quarter of any
 amount and then reaching positive cash flow EBITDA for a quarter of milestones of 1 million, 3 million, and 5 million. 

(ii) 
 Market
 Capitalization based issuances - 500,000 shares of common stock upon the Company reaching the following market capitalization
 milestones: 250 million, 500 million, 1 billion, 2 billion, 3 billion, 4 billion, and 5 billion. 

(iii) 
 Business
 Metrics Growth based issuances - award incentives for achieving 25,000, 50,000, 100,000 active stores on the SurgePays network and
 250,000, 500,000, 1,000,000 Wireless MVNO/Mobile broadband or digital content customers - up to a total of 2.75 million shares of
 common stock. In addition, Mr. Cox will be issued 500,000 shares of common stock per increment of 500,000 total subscribers
 (Wireless MVNO, Mobile Broadband or digital content customers) of the Company beyond 1 million total subscribers. 

(iv) 
 Options
 to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock on January 1 st of each year from 2023 through 2026. In addition, the
 Company was to issue 250,000 options to Mr. Cox in 2022 following shareholder approval of the 2022 Plan. 

Benefits: Mr.
Cox will be eligible to participate in all health, medical, dental, and life insurance employee benefits as are available from time to
time to other key executive employees and their families. Mr. Cox will be entitled to receive an annual car allowance of up to 15,000
per year, home office expense reimbursement of up to 5,000 per month, and a remote housing allowance of up to 10,000 per month. Mr.
Cox is also entitled to be reimbursed for up to 10,000 per year in costs associated with income tax preparation and estate planning. 

Termination
and Severance: The Company or Mr. Cox may terminate the CEO Employment Agreement and Mr. Cox s employment in various
circumstances and, depending on the circumstances, the benefits that may be due following such termination are described
below. 

30 

For
a termination by the Company with Cause (as defined in the CEO Employment Agreement), no severance benefits are payable. 

For
a termination due to death, disability, by Mr. Cox following a Change in Control, or by Mr. Cox due to Constructive Termination (both
as defined in the CEO Employment Agreement), Mr. Cox will be entitled to (a) a payment equal to the greater of (i) two (2) years 
worth of the then-existing Base and the last year s bonus and (ii) the Base payable through the remaining Initial Term (if applicable).
Mr. Cox will also be entitled to retain his benefits for the remainder of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, as then applicable. 

Executive
Covenants: In consideration of Mr. Cox s continued employment with the Company and the benefits and payments described
in the CEO Employment Agreement, Mr. Cox agrees to (i) nondisclosure of Company confidential information during his term of employment
with the Company and for five years thereafter; (ii) not to compete with the Company during the term of his employment (owning up to
10 of a publicly traded company that competes with the Company is permitted); (iii) for 12 months following termination of his Employment,
not to solicit customers and not to recruit or hire the Company s employees. The non-solicit and non-compete provisions are not
applicable if termination of Employment was by Mr. Cox following a Change in Control or by Mr. Cox due to Constructive Termination; and
(iv) not to disparage the Company or its officers, executives or Board members. 

On
August 8, 2022, the Company entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Evers (the CFO Employment Agreement ). 

Below
is a summary of the key provisions of the CFO Employment Agreement. 

Term
of Employment: The CFO Employment Agreement had an effective date of August 8, 2022 and continues for a period of five years.
The CFO Employment Agreement will automatically renew and continue for successive one-year terms unless terminated pursuant to qualifying
termination events. In addition, either party may terminate the CFO Employment Agreement by sending written notice to the other party,
not more than 270 days and not less than 90 days before the end of the then-existing term of employment, of such party s desire
to terminate the CFO Employment Agreement at the end of the then-existing term. 

Base
Compensation: During the term of the CFO Employment Agreement, Mr. Evers will receive a base salary of 450,000 per year and,
provided that the Company s EBITDA was positive in the prior calendar year, the base will be increased on January 1 of each year
by six percent (6 per annum. Mr. Evers base salary did not increase on January
1, 2023 due to ongoing discussions between the Compensation Committee and Mr. Evers regarding the definition of EBITDA. 

Signing
Bonus: The Company paid Mr. Evers a one-time signing bonus of Fifty percent (50 of the base salary equivalent to 225,000)
(the Signing Bonus within thirty (30) days following August 8, 2022 less payroll deductions and all required withholdings.
If Mr. Evers resigns from employment with the Company without Good Reason (as defined in the CFO Employment Agreement) or the Company
terminates Mr. Evers employment for Cause (as defined in the CFO Employment Agreement), in each case prior to August 8, 2023,
Mr. Evers must repay to the Company a pro rata portion of the Signing Bonus representing the remainder of the period between the date
of termination and August 8, 2023. 

Restricted
Vesting Shares: The Company shall grant to Mr. Evers under the 2022 Plan a restricted stock award for 500,000 shares (the
 Restricted Shares of common stock of the Company. Vesting of the Restricted Shares shall occur in bi-annual
installments over five years commencing on December 31, 2022 on which date 50,000 shares of the Restricted Shares shall vest and
continuing to vest thereafter on each of July 1 and December 31, for the years of 2023-2027. As of March 30, 2023, no securities
have been issued to Mr. Evers as there are ongoing discussions between the Compensation Committee and Mr. Evers regarding the
definition of EBITDA and the measurement period and payment dates for the non-EBITDA milestone-based payments. 

Restricted
Signing Shares: The Company shall grant to the Executive 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock within five (5) business
days of stockholder approval of the 2022 Plan. 

31 

Cash
Bonus: Mr. Evers will receive a cash bonus each year of the greater of (i) between 2.5 and 10 of the Company s calendar
year EBITDA (with the marginal percentage decreasing as EBITDA increases from 1 million to 3 million). By way of example only, if EBITDA
is 1.5 million, Mr. Evers will receive 137,500 ((10 of 1 million = 100,000) plus (7.5 of 500,000 = 37,500)) and (ii) between
9 and 45 of base salary determined by the relationship between the Company s annual performance and an annual target performance
set each year by mutual agreement between the Board and Mr. Evers (with the percentage of base salary increasing as the percentage of
target increases from 79 to over 150 ). As of March 30, 2023, no cash
bonus has been paid to Mr. Evers as there are ongoing discussions between the Compensation Committee and Mr. Evers regarding the definition
of EBITDA. 

Stock
Bonus: The Company will issue, out of the 2022 Plan and future equity incentive plans to be approved by the Company s
shareholders, three different categories of stock bonuses and one category of options: 

(i) 
 EBITDA
 based issuances - 150,000 shares of common stock upon the Company first reaching positive cash flow EBITDA for a quarter of any
 amount and then reaching positive cash flow EBITDA for a quarter of milestones of 1 million, 3 million, and 5 million. 

(ii) 
 Market
 Capitalization based issuances - 150,000 shares of common stock upon the Company reaching the following market capitalization
 milestones: 250 million, 500 million, 1 billion, 2 billion, 3 billion, 4 billion, and 5 billion. 

(iii) 
 Business
 Metrics Growth based issuances - award incentives for achieving 25,000, 50,000, 100,000 active stores on the SurgePays network and
 250,000, 500,000, 1,000,000 Wireless MVNO/Mobile broadband or digital content customers - up to a total of 825,000 shares of common
 stock. In addition, Executive will be issued 150,000 shares of common stock per increment of 500,000 total subscribers (Wireless
 MVNO, Mobile Broadband or digital content customers) of the Company beyond 1 million total subscribers. 

(iv) 
 Options
 to purchase 75,000 shares of common stock on January 1 of each year from 2023 through 2026. In addition, the Company will issue
 75,000 options to Executive in 2022 following shareholder approval of the 2022 Plan. 

Benefits:
 The Executive will be eligible to participate in all health, medical, dental, and life insurance employee benefits as are available
from time to time to other key executive employees and their families. The Executive will be entitled to receive an annual car allowance
of up to 3,750 per year and home office expense reimbursement of up to 500 per month. The Executive is also entitled to be reimbursed
for up to 10,000 per year in costs associated with income tax preparation and estate planning. 

Termination
and Severance: The Company or the Executive may terminate the CFO Employment Agreement and the Executive s employment in various
circumstances and, depending on the circumstances, the benefits that may be due following such termination are described below. 

For
a termination by the Company with Cause (as defined in the CFO Employment Agreement), no severance benefits are payable. 

For
a termination due to death, disability, by Executive following a Change in Control, or by Executive due to Constructive Termination (both
as defined in the CFO Employment Agreement), the Executive will be entitled to (a) a payment equal to the greater of (i) two (2) years 
worth of the then-existing Base and the last year s bonus and (ii) the Base payable through the remaining Initial Term (if applicable).
The Executive will also be entitled to retain his benefits for the remainder of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, as then applicable. 

Executive
Covenants: In consideration of the Executive s continued employment with the Company and the benefits and payments described
in the CFO Employment Agreement, the Executive agrees to (i) nondisclosure of Company confidential information during his term of employment
with the Company and for five years thereafter; (ii) not to compete with the Company during the term of his employment (owning up to
10 of a publicly traded company that competes with the Company is permitted); (iii) for 12 months following termination of his Employment,
not to solicit customers and not to recruit or hire the Company s employees. The non-solicit and non-compete provisions are not
applicable if termination of Employment was by Executive following a Change in Control or by Executive due to Constructive Termination;
and (iv) not to disparage the Company or its officers, executives or Board members. 

32 

2022
Plan 

On
August 3, 2022, the Board approved, authorized and adopted, subject to stockholder approval, the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan provides for
the issuance of up to 3,500,000 shares of Common Stock plus (ii) an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning
January 1, 2023 and ending on and including January 1, 2031 equal to the lesser of (A) ten percent (10 of the Common Stock outstanding
on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year, and (B) such smaller number of Common Stock shares as determined by the
Board. The issuance of the shares of Common Stock shall be through the grant of Distribution Equivalent Rights, may Share Options,
Non-Qualified Share Options, Performance Unit Awards, Restricted Share Awards, Restricted Share Unit Awards, Share Appreciation Rights,
Tandem Share Appreciation Rights, Unrestricted Share Awards and other equity-based awards to directors, officers, employees, and consultants. 

The
objective of the 2022 Plan is to encourage and enable directors, officers, employees, and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries,
upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the Company largely depends for the successful conduct of its business, to acquire a proprietary
interest in the Company. 

Our
ability to provide long-term incentives in the form of equity compensation aligns management s interests with the interests of
our stockholders and fosters an ownership mentality that drives optimal decision-making for the long-term health and profitability of
our Company. Equally important, equity compensation is critical to our continuing ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified corporate
executives and retain management. We expect our ability to grant equity compensation to be important in achieving our long-term growth. 

In
addition to our five directors (which includes our Chief Executive Officer), approximately 17 employees and approximately four consultants
are eligible to participate in the 2022 Plan. The Board believes that adopting the 2022 Plan is consistent with the Company s compensation
philosophy (and with responsible compensation policies generally) and will preserve the Company s ability to attract and retain
capable directors, officers, employees, and consultants The Board believes it is imperative, in view of our compensation structure and
strategy that the 2022 Plan be approved. 

2022
Plan Highlights 

The
essential features of the 2022 Plan are outlined below. The following description is not complete and is qualified by reference to the
full text of the 2022 Plan, which is attached as Exhibit 10.18 to this Annual Report. 

Options
are subject to the following conditions: 

(i) 
 The Committee (as defined below) determines the exercise price of Incentive Options at the time the Incentive Options are granted. The assigned exercise price must be no less than 100 of the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2022 Plan) of the Common Stock. In the event that the recipient is a Ten Percent Shareholder (as defined in the 2022 Plan), the exercise price must be no less than 110 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock. 

(ii) 
 The exercise price of each Non-qualified Option will be at least 100 of the Fair Market Value of such share of the Common Stock on the date the Non-qualified Option is granted, unless the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, elects to set the exercise price of such Non-qualified Option below Fair Market Value. 

(iii) 
 The Committee fixes the term of Options, provided that Options may not be exercisable more than ten years from the date the Option is granted, and provided further that Incentive Options granted to a Ten Percent Shareholder may not be exercisable more than five years from the date the Incentive Option is granted. 

(iv) 
 Incentive Options may not be issued in an amount or manner where the amount of Incentive Options exercisable in one year entitles the holder to Common Stock with an aggregate Fair Market value of greater than 100,000. 

Awards of Restricted Shares are subject to the following conditions: 

(i) 
 The Committee determines
 the restrictions on each Restricted Share Award (as defined in the 2022 Plan). Upon the grant of a Restricted Share Award and the
 payment of any applicable purchase price, grantee is considered the record owner of the Restricted Shares and entitled to vote the
 Restricted Shares if such Restricted Shares are entitled to voting rights. 

(ii) 
 Restricted Shares may not
 be delivered to the grantee until the Restricted Shares have vested. 

(iii) 
 Restricted Shares may not
 be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as provided in the 2022 Plan or in the Restricted
 Share Award Agreement (as defined in the 2022 Plan). 

33 

Grants 

Although
all employees and all of the employees of our subsidiaries are eligible to receive grants under our Plan, the grant to any particular
employee is subject to the discretion of the Board, or at the discretion of the Board, or the Compensation Committee of the Board or
such other committee designated by the Board to administer the 2022 Plan (such body that administers the 2022 Plan, the Committee ). 

We
have made and will make appropriate adjustments to outstanding grants and to the number or kind of shares subject to the 2022 Plan in
the event of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, share combination or reclassification and certain other types of corporate
transactions, including a merger or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets. 

Administration 

The
Committee shall have the sole authority, in its discretion, to make all determinations under the 2022 Plan, including, but not limited
to, who receives an award, the time or times when an award shall be made (the date of grant of an award shall be the date on which the
award is awarded by the Committee), what type of award shall be granted, the term of an award, the date or dates on which an award vests
(including acceleration of vesting), the form of any payment to be made pursuant to an award, the terms and conditions of an award (including
the forfeiture of the award (and/or any financial gain) if the holder of the award violates any applicable restrictive covenant thereof),
the Restrictions under a Restricted Share Award and the number of Common Stock which may be issued under an Award, all as applicable.
In making such determinations, the Committee may take into account the nature of the services rendered by the respective employees, directors
and consultants, their present and potential contribution to the Company s (or the Affiliate s) success and such other factors
as the Committee, in its discretion, shall deem relevant. 

Grant
Instruments 

All
grants will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in our Plan and to such other terms and conditions consistent with our Plan
as the Committee deems appropriate and as are specified in writing by the Committee to the individual in a grant instrument or an amendment
to the grant instrument. All grants will be made conditional upon the acknowledgement of the grantee in writing or by acceptance of the
grant, that all decisions and determinations of the Compensation Committee will be final and binding on the grantee, his or her beneficiaries
and any other person having or claiming an interest under such grant. 

Terms
and Conditions of Grants 

Under
the 2022 Plan, the term Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on any given date means the fair market value of the Common
Stock determined in good faith by the Committee based on the reasonable application of a reasonable valuation method that is consistent
with Section 409A of the Code. If the Stock is admitted to trade on a national securities exchange, the determination shall be made by
reference to the closing price reported on such exchange. If there is no closing price for such date, the determination shall be made
by reference to the last date preceding such date for which there is a closing price. 

Transferability 

No
award under the 2022 Plan or any award agreement and no rights or interests therein, shall or may be assigned, transferred, sold, exchanged,
encumbered, pledged or otherwise hypothecated or disposed of by a holder except (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution,
or (ii) except for an Incentive Share Option, by gift to any family member of the holder. An award may be exercisable during the lifetime
of the holder only by such holder or by the holder s guardian or legal representative unless it has been transferred by gift to
a family member of the holder, in which case it shall be exercisable solely by such transferee. 

34 

Amendment and Termination 

The
2022 Plan shall continue in effect, unless sooner terminated, until the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date on which it is adopted by
the Board (except as to awards outstanding on that date). The Board, in its discretion, may terminate the 2022 Plan at any time with
respect to any shares for which awards have not theretofore been granted; provided, however, that the 2022 Plan s termination shall
not materially and adversely impair the rights of a holder with respect to any Award theretofore granted without the consent of the holder.
The Board shall have the right to alter or amend the 2022 Plan or any part hereof from time to time; provided, however, stockholder approval
shall be required for ay modification of the 2022 Plan that (i) requires stockholder approval under the rules or regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission or any securities exchange applicable to the Company, (ii) increases the number of shares authorized under the
2022 Plan, (iii) increases the dollar limitation specified in Section 5.4, or (iv) amends, modifies or suspends Section 7.8 (repricing
prohibitions) or Article XV. In addition, unless otherwise permitted under the award agreement, no change in any award theretofore granted
may be made which would materially and adversely impair the rights of a holder with respect to such award without the consent of the
holder. 

Outstanding
 Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 
 Option
 Awards 

Number
 of Securities 
 Underlying Unexercised 
 Options 

Option 
 Exercise 

Option
 Expiration 
 
 Name 
 
 Exercisable 

Unexercisable 

Price 

Date 

Anthony
 Evers 

6,801 

10,203 

16.00 

February
 28, 2027 

Option
 Exercises and Stock Vested 

Option
 Awards 

Stock
 Awards 

Number
 of Shares Acquired on Exercise 

Value
 Realized on Exercise 

Number
 of Shares Acquired on Vesting 

Value
 Realized on Vesting 

None. 

Employee
Pension, Profit Sharing or other Retirement Plan 

The
Company maintains a tax-qualified 401(k) savings plan which allows participants to defer eligible compensation up to the maximum permitted
by the Internal Revenue Service and provides for discretionary matching contributions by the Company. 

Compensation
of Directors 

We
did not issue any equity to the members of the Board in 2022 but did make one-time cash bonus payments in April 2022 to the members of the Board
as follows: 20,000 to David N.
Keys (a member of the Board); 10,000 to David May (a member of the Board); and 10,000 to Jay Jones (formerly a member of the
Board). 

On
July 17, 2019, we entered into a Director Agreement with David N. Keys (the Keys Director Agreement whereby Mr. Keys is
to be reimbursed for (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending any in-person meetings; and (ii) any costs associated
with filings required to be made by Mr. Keys in regards to any beneficial ownership of securities. 

In
conjunction with the Keys Director Agreement, we entered into an Indemnification Agreement (the Keys Indemnification Agreement with Mr. Keys. The Keys Indemnification Agreement indemnifies to the fullest extent permitted under Nevada law for any claims arising
out of or resulting from, amongst other things, (i) any actual, alleged or suspected act or failure to act by Mr. Keys in his capacity
as a director or agent of the Company and (ii) any actual, alleged or suspected act or failure to act by Mr. Keys in respect of any business,
transaction, communication, filing, disclosure or other activity of the Company. Under the Keys Indemnification Agreement, Mr. Keys is
indemnified for any losses pertaining to such claims, provided, however, that the losses shall not include expenses incurred by Mr. Keys
in respect of any claim as which he shall have been adjudged liable to us, unless the court having jurisdiction rules otherwise. The
Keys Indemnification Agreement provides for indemnification of Mr. Keys during his directorship and for a period of six (6) years thereafter. 

On
February 13, 2021, we entered into Director Agreements and Indemnification Agreements with each of David May and Jay Jones that are substantially
similar to the Keys Director Agreement and the Keys Indemnification Agreement. 

Mr. Jones
resigned from the Board on December 19, 2022. Such resignation was not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating
to the Company s operations, policies or practices. In connection with Mr. Jones resignation, the Board entered into a Consulting
Agreement with Mr. Jones dated December 19, 2022 (the Consulting Agreement ). 

Pursuant to such Consulting Agreement, the Company agrees to engage Mr. Jones as a consultant the Consultant to provide advice to the Board and senior management of the Company regarding general business matters. The Consultant has industry and
Company knowledge that is valuable to the Company and its ongoing business ventures. The term of the Consultant Agreement is for a period
of twelve (12) months, in which the Consultant s duties include reporting to the Board and senior management of the Company and
advising them in respect to business matters. Following an annual or special meeting of the Company s stockholders at which stockholders
approve the 2022 Plan, the Consultant s compensation will consist of stock options with a value of 5,000 on the first trading day
of each calendar month during the term. Each month s options will have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s
common stock on the last trading day of the previous calendar month. All options granted on the first trading day of each calendar month
shall vest immediately, and the options will be issued quarterly in accordance with the 2022 Plan. The Consultant is considered an independent
contractor and will be reimbursed for (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and (ii) any costs associated with filing required to
be made by him or any of the entities managed or controlled by the Consultant to report beneficial ownership or the acquisition or disposition
of securities by the Company. 

35 

On
December 19, 2022, David May notified the Company of his resignation, effectively immediately, as a member of the Board s Audit
Committee, Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Such resignation from the Board committees
is not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices.
Mr. May remains a member of the Board. 

The
Company and Ms. Weisberg entered into a Director Agreement, dated December 19, 2022 (the Weisberg Director Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Weisberg Director Agreement, Ms. Weisberg shall make reasonable business efforts to attend all Board meetings and fulfill
her other responsibilities as well as use her best efforts to promote the interests of the Company. Following an annual or special meeting
of the Company s stockholders at which stockholders approve the 2022 Plan, Ms. Weisberg will receive options with a value of 5,000
on the first trading day of each calendar month. Each month s options will have an exercise price equal to the fair market value
of the common stock on the last trading day of the previous calendar month. All options granted on the first trading day of each calendar
month shall vest immediately and the options will be issued quarterly in accordance with the terms of the 2022 Plan. 

Pursuant
to the Weisberg Director Agreement, Ms. Weisberg shall be considered an independent contractor and shall be reimbursed for (i) all reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by her in attending in-person meetings and (ii) any costs associated with filing required to be made
by her or any of the entities managed or controlled by her to report beneficial ownership or the acquisition of disposition of securities
of the Company. Ms. Weisberg s term, subject to nomination and election at each of the Company s annual stockholders meeting,
will terminate at the earliest of her resignation, death, termination by mutual agreement of the Company and herself, or the removal
of Ms. Weisberg by the majority of the stockholders of the Company. 

The
Company and Mr. Schurfeld entered into a Director Agreement, dated December 19, 2022 (the Schurfeld Director Agreement ).
The terms of the Schurfeld Director Agreement are substantially the same as the terms of the Weisberg Director Agreement. 

On
December 19, 2022, the Company entered into an Indemnification Agreement with each of Ms. Weisberg and Mr. Schurfeld (the December
2022 Indemnification Agreements ). 

The
December 2022 Indemnification Agreements indemnifies to the fullest extent permitted under Nevada law for any claims arising out of or
resulting from, amongst other things, (i) any actual, alleged or suspected act or failure to act by Ms. Weisberg and Mr. Schurfeld (together,
the Indemnitees in their capacity as a director or agent of the Company and (ii) any actual, alleged or suspected act
or failure to act by the Indemnitees in respect of any business, transaction, communication, filing, disclosure or other activity of
the Company. Under the December 2022 Indemnification Agreements, the Indemnitees are indemnified for any losses pertaining to such claims,
provided, however, that the losses shall not include expenses incurred by the Indemnitees in respect of any claim as which they shall
have been adjudged liable to the Company, unless the court having jurisdiction rules otherwise. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following sets forth information as of March 30, 2023, regarding the number of shares of our Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each
person that we know beneficially owns more than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors and executive officers
and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

36 

The
amounts and percentages of our Common Stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of SEC rules governing the determination of
beneficial ownership of securities. Under the SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that
person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or investment
power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial
owner of any securities of which that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days through the exercise of any
stock option, warrant or other right, and the conversion of preferred stock. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a
beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person has
no economic interest. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the shareholders named in the table below, or his or her family members, has
sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares of our Common Stock. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each
of the shareholders listed below is: 3124 Brother Blvd, Suite 410, Bartlett, TN 38133. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Total 
 Common Stock 
 Shares Beneficially Owned 

of 
 Common Stock (2) 

Directors
 and Executive Officers: 

Kevin
 Brian Cox 

5,453,760 
 (3) 

38.6 

Anthony
 Evers 

10,672 
 (4) 

David
 C. Ansani 

140 
 (5) 

David
 N. Keys 

17,043 
 (6) 

David
 May 

140,944 

1.0 

Richard Schurfeld 

42,201 

All
 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (6 persons) 

5,661,359 

40.1 

5 
 Shareholders: 

Less
 than one (1) percent 

(1) 
 The
 person named in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock reflected as beneficially
 owned. 

(2) 
 Based
 on 14,121,773 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 30, 2023. 

37 

(3) 

Includes
 (i) 4,569,384 shares owned by BLC Family Investments, (ii) 561,758 shares owned by SMDMM, LLC, a Tennessee liability company and
 (iii) 270,745 shares owned by BC Family Holdings. Mr. Cox is a beneficial owner of all three entities. 

(4) 
 Includes
 7,271 shares of Common Stock (held in Mr. Evers IRA) and 6,801 options that are currently exercisable. 

(5) 
 Shares
 are held in Mr. Ansani s IRA. 

(6) 
 Includes
 (i) 1,666 shares held in an IRA owned by Mr. Keys wife, however, Mr. Keys shares investing and dipositive power over these
 holdings, (ii) 5,377 shares in total held by two different IRAs owned by Mr. Keys; and (iii) 10,000 shares are held by PCC Holdings
 LLC. Mr. Keys shares investing and dipositive power over these holdings. 

There
are no arrangements known to us, including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date
result in a change in control of us. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had trade payables to Axia of 163,583, respectively. Axia is owned by our Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. Cox. 

For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company rented space from Carddawg Investments, LLC in the amount of 166,356 and 64,488, respectively. These costs
are included in the General and Administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Mr. Cox is sole owner of Carddawg
Investments, LLC. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company purchased telecom services and access to wireless networks from 321
Communications in the amount of 16,035,093 and 690,398, respectively. These costs are included in Cost of Revenue in the
consolidated statements of operations. Mr. Jones (formerly a Board member) is the majority owner of 321 Communications and Mr. Cox
is a minority owner of 321 Communications. 

For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company purchased telecom services and access to wireless networks from National Relief Telephone in the amount of
 1,163,941 and 0, respectively. These costs are included in Cost of Revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. Mr. Jones (formerly
a Board member) is the majority owner of National Relief Telephone. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had trade payables to 321 Communications of 279,380 and 88,898, respectively. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had trade payables to National Relief Telephone of 0 and 0, respectively. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid 1,217,790 in commissions on tablet sales to Galaxy Distribution,
Inc., an entity that Mr. May (a Board member) was a controlling shareholder of in 2021. 

38 

The
Company contracted with Centercom to provide customer service call center services, manage the sales process to include handling
incoming orders, the collection and verification of all documents to comply with FCC regulations, monthly audit of all subscribers
to file the USAC 497 form, yearly audit of all subscribers that have been active over one year to file the USAC 555 form
(Recertification), information technology professionals to maintain company websites, sales portals and server maintenance. Billings
for these services in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 3,115.651 and 1,395,674, respectively, and are included in
Cost of Revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. Mr. Nuzzo had a 50 interest in Centercom prior to his death in March
2022. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had trade payables to Centercom of 972,029 and 555,069, respectively. 

During
2021, Centercom forgave 429,010 of accounts payable owed by SurgePays to Centercom. 

See
Note 6 long-term debt due to related parties. 

Disclosure
of SEC Position on Indemnification of Securities Act Liabilities 

Our
directors and officers are indemnified as provided by Nevada corporate law and our bylaws. We have agreed to indemnify each of our
directors and certain officers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the
provisions described above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such
liabilities (other than our payment of expenses incurred or paid by our director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense
of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of
appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

We
have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act is against public policy
as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
is asserted by one of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless
in the opinion of our legal counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit the question of whether such indemnification
is against public policy to a court of appropriate jurisdiction. We will then be governed by the court s decision. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Fees
Billed for Audit and Non-Audit Services 

The
following table presents for each of the last two fiscal years the aggregate fees billed in connection with the audits of our financial
statements and other professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm Rodefer Moss Co, PLLC. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 Fees (1) 
 186,820 
 166,554 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees . These are fees for professional services for the audit of our annual financial statements, and for the review of the financial
 statements included in our filings on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and for services that are normally provided in connection with statutory
 and regulatory filings or engagements. 

39 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Filed
 or 
 Furnished 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation filed August 22, 2006 
 
 SB-2 
 
 3.1 
 
 03/14/2007 

3.2 
 
 Articles
 of Merger filed July 25, 2008 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3.2 
 
 10/21/2021 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed April 27, 2009 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 3.1 
 
 05/14/2013 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed May 13, 2015 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/11/2015 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed June 30, 2015 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3.5 
 
 10/21/2021 

3.6 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed October 10, 2017 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3.6 
 
 10/21/2021 

3.7 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed December 21, 2017 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3.7 
 
 10/21/2021 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed October 29, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/5/2020 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, filed November 1, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/5/2021 

3.10 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 SB-2 
 
 3.2 
 
 03/14/2007 

3.11 
 
 Amended
 Bylaws 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 3.2 
 
 05/14/2013 

3.12 
 
 Amended
 Bylaws 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 3.2 
 
 12/11/2015 

4.1 
 
 Warrant,
 dated March 8, 2021, issued to Evergreen Capital Management LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 03/16/2021 

4.2 
 
 Form
 of Underwriter s Warrants 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 11/5/2021 

4.3 
 
 Warrant
 Agency Agreement between SurgePays, Inc. and VStock Transfer, LLC, dated November 4, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 11/5/2021 

4.4 
 
 Description
 of Securities 

X 

40 

4.5 
 
 Form of Promissory Note Issued to Inventory Lenders in March 2022 to May 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.1 
 
 08/11/2022 

4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant with 4.73 Exercise Price Issued to Inventory Lenders in March 2022 to May 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.2 
 
 08/11/2022 

4.7 
 
 Revolving Secured Promissory Note with Lender, dated April 8, 2022, as amended June 2, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.3 
 
 08/11/2022 

10.1+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated September 25, 2017, by and between KSIX MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC. and David C. Ansani 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.2 
 
 09/12/2019 

10.2+ 
 
 Director Agreement, dated July 17, 2019, by and between Surge Holdings, Inc. and David N. Keys 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 07/24/2019 

10.3+ 
 
 Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement, dated July 17, 2019, by and between Surge Holdings, Inc. and David N. Keys 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 07/24/2019 

10.4 
 
 Promissory Note, issued by Surge Holdings, Inc. to AN Holdings, LLC on April 24, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.22 
 
 05/12/2020 

10.5 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Note, dated April 18, 2020, issued to Bank 3 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.4 
 
 08/14/2020 

10.6 
 
 Office Lease, dated May 5, 2020, by and between Woodfield Financial Center LLC and Surge Holdings Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.31 
 
 02/16/2021 

10.7 
 
 Master Services Agreement by and between Surge Pays, Inc. and Glass Mountain BPO, dated January 1, 2021 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.32 
 
 02/16/2021 

10.8 
 
 Commercial Lease Agreement, dated July 10, 2019, by and between CardDawg Investments, LLC and Surge Holdings, Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.35 
 
 02/16/2021 

10.9 
 
 Form of On Demand Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of SMDMM Funding, LLC 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.36 
 
 09/22/2021 

10.10 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, by and among, SurgePays, Inc., Torch Wireless, and the Parties Listed Therein, dated April 6, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 04/12/2022 

10.11 
 
 Installment Sale Agreement, by and among, SurgePays, Inc., SurgePhone Wireless LLC, Torch Wireless, and Affordable Connectivity Financing V Limited Liability Company, dated November 17, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/23/2022 

10.12 
 
 Paying Agent Agreement, by and among, SurgePhone Wireless LLC, Torch Wireless, Affordable Connectivity Financing V Limited Liability Company, and Ivy Dallas Funding, LLC, dated November 17, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/23/2022 

10.13 
 
 Consulting Agreement, by and between the Company and Jay Jones, dated December 19, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/23/2022 

10.14+ 
 
 Weisberg Director Agreement, by and between the Company and Ms. Weisberg, dated December 19, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 12/23/2022 

10.15+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 12/23/2022 

10.16+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between SurgePays, Inc. and Kevin Brian Cox 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/16/2022 

10.17+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between SurgePays, Inc. and Anthony Evers, dated August 8, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.3 
 
 08/11/2022 

10.18+ 
 
 SurgePays, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan 

X 
 
 10.19 
 
 Loan Agreement between the Company and Lender, dated April 8, 2022, as amended June 2, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/11/2022 

10.20 
 
 Security Agreement between the Company and Lender, dated April 8, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.2 
 
 08/11/2022 

14.1 
 
 SurgePays, Inc. Code of Ethics and Business Conduct 
 
 10-K 
 
 14.1 
 
 03/24/2022 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries 

X

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

X

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

X

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

X

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

X

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

X

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

X

+ 
 Management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements
 in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate. 

Furnished herewith 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SurgePays,
 Inc. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kevin Brian Cox 

Name:
 
 Kevin
 Brian Cox 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Kevin Brian Cox 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Kevin
 Brian Cox 
 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

/s/
 Anthony Evers 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Anthony
 Evers 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

/s/
 David N. Keys 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 David
 N. Keys 

/s/
 David May 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 David
 May 

/s/
 Laurie Weisberg 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Laurie Weisberg 

/s/ Richard Schurfeld 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Richard Schurfeld 

42 

SurgePays, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Page(s) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 - F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 SurgePays, Inc. Subsidiaries 

 Bartlett,
 Tennessee 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SurgePays, Inc. Subsidiaries (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its consolidated operations and its consolidated cash flows for each of the years in
the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it
relates. 

Revenue
Recognition Description of the matter 

The
Company generates revenue from the delivery of processing, service and product solutions. Revenue is measured based on consideration
specified in a contract with a customer, and the Company recognizes revenue when it satisfies a performance obligation by processing
the transaction, which is at a point in time. 

The
Company s revenue consists of a significant volume of transactions sourced from systems and applications. The processing of such
transactions and recording of the majority of revenue is system-driven and based on contractual terms with customers. The Company also
has significant revenue in lead and case delivery to customers. Revenue is recognized when the services and products are delivered to
the customers and control is transferred, which is at a point in time. The Company also has significant revenue from providing services
and products under the Emergency Broadband Benefit program. Revenue is recognized after services and products have been delivered to
a eligible customer based on contracts with the customer. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to revenue recognition included the following, among others: 

We
obtained and understanding and evaluated management s significant accounting policies around revenue recognition for each of the
company significant segments including management s assessment of when control of goods and services is transferred to customers. 

For
a sample of revenue transactions, we tested selected transactions by agreeing the amounts of revenue recognized to source documents and
testing the mathematical accuracy of the recorded revenue. We also evaluated the source documents to determine whether terms that may
impact revenue recognition were identified and properly considered by management. 

/s/

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable - net 

Inventory 

Prepaids 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment - net 

Other Assets 

Note receivable 

Intangibles - net 

Internal use software development costs - net 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill 

Investment in CenterCom 

Operating lease - right of use asset - net 

Total Other Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related party 

Installment sale liability 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liability 

Notes payable - related parties 

Notes payable - SBA government 
 - 

Notes payable - net 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Long Term Liabilities 

Note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Loans payable - related parties 

Notes payable - SBA government 

Operating lease liability 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Stockholders Equity 

Series A, Convertible Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 - 

Series C, Convertible Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock, value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interest 
 
 - 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 3 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenue 

General and administrative expenses 

Total costs and expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Derivative expense 
 - 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 - 

Gain (loss) on investment in CenterCom 

Gain on settlement of liabilities 
 - 

Amortization of debt discount 

Gain on deconsolidation of True Wireless 
 - 

Settlement expense 
 - 

Warrant modification expense 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan - government 
 
 - 
 
 Other income 

Total other income (expense) - net 

Net loss including non-controlling interest 

Non-controlling interest 
 
 - 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares - basic and diluted 

F- 4 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 For the Year Ended December
31, 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Non-Controlling 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Equity 

December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

- 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock - related parties 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of debt into common stock - related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Recognition of stock-based compensation - stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued as direct offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued to purchase software 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Warrants issued as debt issue costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued as interest expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of warrants (cashless) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

F- 5 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Total 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 
Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

December 31, 2020 

Stock issued for services rendered and recognition of share-based compensation - /share) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Conversion of Series C, preferred stock into common stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock issued for cash - /share) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Direct offering costs paid in connection with stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock and warrants issued with debt recorded as a debt discount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Conversion of debt - /share) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock issued under make-whole arrangement - /share) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock issued in connection with debt modification - /share) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock issued in settlement of liabilities - /share) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock issued for acquisition of membership interest in ECS /share) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Exercise of warrants /share) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Warrant modification expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Forgiveness of accounts payable - CenterCom - related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

F- 6 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating activities 

Net loss - including non-controlling interest 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operations 

Bad debt expense (recovery) 

Provision for inventory obsolescence 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Amortization of debt discount/debt issue costs 

Recognition of share-based compensation 

Warrants issued for interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 - 

Derivative expense 
 - 

Gain on settlement of liabilities 
 - 

(Gain) loss on equity method investment - CenterCom 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary (True Wireless) 
 - 

Warrant modification expense 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

(Increase) decrease in 

Accounts receivable 

Lifeline revenue - due from USAC 
 - 

Inventory 

Prepaids 

Other 
 - 

Increase (decrease) in 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related party 

Installment sale liability - net 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Capitalized internal use software development costs 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of software 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of Torch, Inc. 
 
 - 
 
 Cash disposed in deconsolidation of subsidiary (True Wireless) 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from stock and warrants issued for cash 

Cash paid for direct offering costs 
 - 

Proceeds from loans - related party 
 - 

Repayments of loans - related party 
 - 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayments on notes payable 

Proceeds from SBA notes 
 - 

Repayments on SBA notes 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from convertible notes 
 - 

Repayments on convertible notes - net of overpayment 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash - beginning of year 

Cash - end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income tax 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Debt issue costs recorded in connection with notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Stock issued to acquire software 
 
 - 
 
 Debt discount/issue costs recorded in connection with debt/derivative liabilities 
 - 

Conversion of Series C, preferred stock into common stock 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of CenterCom AP - Related Party 
 - 

Stock issued in settlement of liabilities 
 - 

Conversion of debt into equity 
 - 

Conversion of debt into equity - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liability 
 - 

Termination of ECS ROU lease 
 - 

Stock issued in connection with debt modification 
 - 

Stock issued under make-whole arrangement 
 - 

Stock issued for acquisition of membership interest in ECS 
 - 

Reclassification of SBA note payable - government to note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Reclassification of accrued interest - related party to note payable - related party 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary (True Wireless) 
 - 

F- 7 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America U.S. GAAP ). 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Liquidity and Management s Plans 

As
reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had: 

Net
 loss available to common stockholders of ; and 

Net
 cash used in operations was 

Additionally,
at December 31, 2022, the Company had: 

Accumulated
 deficit of 

Stockholders 
 equity of ; and 

Working
 capital of 

We
manage liquidity risk by reviewing, on an ongoing basis, our sources of liquidity and capital requirements. The Company has cash on hand
of at December 31, 2022. 

The
Company has incurred significant losses since its inception and has not demonstrated an ability to generate sufficient revenues from
the sales of its products and services to achieve profitable operations. There can be no assurance that profitable operations will ever
be achieved, or if achieved, could be sustained on a continuing basis. In making this assessment we performed a comprehensive analysis
of our current circumstances including: our financial position, our cash flows and cash usage forecasts for the twelve months ended December
31, 2023, and our current capital structure including equity-based instruments and our obligations and debts. 

The Company believes it has sufficient cash resources
on hand along with access to additional debt and/or equity-based capital from third parties and related parties as needed to meet its
current obligations for a period that is one year from the issuance date of these financial statements. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Management s
strategic plans include the following: 

Continue
 the growth of the Affordable Connectivity Program revenue stream, 

Execution
 of business plan and significant revenue growth from prior period, 

Expand
 product and services offerings to a larger surrounding geographic area. 

Continuing
 to explore and execute prospective partnering or distribution opportunities and 

Identifying
 unique market opportunities that represent potential positive short-term cash flow. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Significant
judgments are used in determining fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as intangibles. Fair value and useful
life determinations are based on, among other factors, estimates of future expected cash flows, and appropriate discount rates used in
computing present values. These judgments may materially impact the estimates used in allocating acquisition date fair values to assets
acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as the Company s current and future operating results. Actual results may vary from these
estimates which may result in adjustments to goodwill and acquisition date fair values of assets and liabilities during a measurement
period or upon a final determination of asset and liability fair values, whichever occurs first. Adjustments to fair values of assets
and liabilities made after the end of the measurement period are recorded within the Company s operating results. 

Effective
January 1, 2022, the Company executed a management agreement with Torch Wireless Torch ). Generally, the Company was engaged
to handle the following services: 

Oversee
 management of the business being conducted by Torch, 

Involved
 in the performance of Torch s obligations under contracts regarding its business operations and maintenance of Torch s
 customer relationships, 

Assist
 Torch with regulatory compliance, 

Manage
 all billing and collection functions, including the right to collect revenues related to Torch s business operations, as part
 of the agreement, Torch may not participate in this function; and 

Manage
 all payment functions related to the business, including the right to disburse funds, as part of the agreement, Torch may not participate
 in this function 

Torch
is a provider of subsidized mobile broadband services to consumers qualifying under the federal guidelines of the U.S. Federal Communication
Commission s Affordable Connectivity Program ACP ). The ACP provides the Company up to a reimbursement for the
cost of each tablet device distributed and a per customer, per month subsidy for mobile broadband (internet connectivity) services.
With the purchase of Torch, the Company now has approval to offer subsidized mobile broadband in all fifty states. 

It
was determined that the Company had acquired of Torch, effective January 1, 2022, resulting in Torch becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary,
in a transaction accounted for as a business combination. Pursuant to ASC 805-10-25-7, the Company determined that the acquisition date
preceded the closing date as it was managing Torch and in full control of all operational decision making. At this time, the Company
had obtained control of Torch through its management contract. 

At
the time of acquisition, Torch had no significant assets or liabilities. The Company paid . As a result of the acquisition, the
Company recorded goodwill of . 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

At
the time of acquisition, Torch had nominal revenues and losses. As a result, and given the immaterial nature of this acquisition, the
Company has elected not to present any pro-forma financial information. 

In
addition, the Company will pay the Sellers monthly residual payments for customers enrolled by the Company through December 31, 2022
of either or per customer (depending on the category of customer). 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred expenses of 1,679,723 related to the residual payments. All expenses are included as
a component of cost of goods sold. 

This
transaction does not involve the purchase of a significant amount of assets as defined in the Instructions to Item 2.01
of Form 8-K. Additionally, the acquisition of Torch was not deemed to be significant at any level under SEC Regulation S-X 3.05 and does
not require the presentation of any additional historical audits. 

For
financial reporting purposes, at December 31, 2022, Torch has been consolidated into the Company s consolidated statements of financial
position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021 goodwill was and , respectively. 

There
were no impairment losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021, respectively. 

in liabilities
which consisted of in accounts payable and accrued expenses as well as in related party loans. During 2021, the 
in related party loans was forgiven. 

In
connection with the sale, the Company received an unsecured note receivable for , bearing interest at , with a default interest
rate of . The Company will receive twenty-five (25) payments of principal and accrued interest totaling commencing in June
2023. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Payments
are scheduled as follows: 

2024 

2025 

Less: amount representing interest 

Total 

as follows: 

 Schedule
of Deconsolidated Ownership 

Consideration 

Note receivable 

Fair value of consideration received 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets sold and liabilities assumed by buyer: 

Cash 

Lifeline revenue due from USAC 

Inventory 

Property and equipment - net 

Operating lease - right of use asset - net 

Total assets sold 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Line of credit 

Note payable - SBA government 

Operating lease liability 

Total liabilities assumed by buyer 

Total net liabilities assumed by buyer 

Gain on deconsolidation of True Wireless 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

of total consolidated revenue in 2022. Revenues related to this
business segment are derived from programs administered by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), and all funds related to
these programs are received directly from organizations under the direction of the FCC. Accounts receivable related to these programs
was made up of accounts receivable at December 31, 2022. 

The
SurgePhone and Torch Wireless business segment made up approximately of total consolidated revenue in 2021. Revenues related to this
business segment are derived from programs administered by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), and all funds related to
these programs are received directly from organizations under the direction of the FCC. Accounts receivable related to these programs
was made up of accounts receivable at December 31, 2021. 

Customers
in the United States accounted for of our revenues. We do not have any property or equipment outside of the United States. 

See
Note 11 regarding segment disclosure. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

The
Company has experienced, and in the future may experience, variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected
to contribute to this variability include, among others, (i) the cyclical nature of the industry, (ii) general economic conditions in
the various local markets in which the Company competes, including a potential general downturn in the economy, and (iii) the volatility
of prices in connection with the Company s distribution of the product. These factors, among others, make it difficult to project
the Company s operating results on a consistent basis. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Although
the Company believes that the recorded fair value of our financial instruments is appropriate, these fair values may not be indicative
of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. 

The
Company s financial instruments, including cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and accounts payable
and accrued expenses related party, are carried at historical cost. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the carrying
amounts of these instruments approximated their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

ASC
825-10 Financial Instruments allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities
at fair value fair value option ). The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable
unless a new election date occurs. If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, unrealized gains and losses for that instrument
should be reported in earnings at each subsequent reporting date. The Company did not elect to apply the fair value option to any outstanding
financial instruments. 

. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not experience
any losses on cash balances in excess of FDIC insured limits. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Management
periodically assesses the Company s accounts receivable and, if necessary, establishes an allowance for estimated uncollectible
amounts. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable, historical
collection information and existing economic conditions. Accounts determined to be uncollectible are charged to operations when that
determination is made. 

Allowance
for doubtful accounts was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

There
was a bad debt recovery of for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

There
was bad debt expense of for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Bad
debt expense (recovery) is recorded as a component of general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations. 

and 0 , respectively. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had inventory of and , respectively. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

There
were impairment losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

We
capitalize costs associated with software developed for internal use when the planning stage is completed, management has authorized
further funding for the completion of the project, and it is probable that the project will be completed and perform as intended. Costs
incurred in the application and infrastructure development stages, including significant enhancements and upgrades, are capitalized.
Capitalization ends once a project is substantially complete, and the software and technologies are ready for their intended purpose.
There is judgment involved in estimating the stage of development as well as estimating time allocated to a particular project. A significant
change in the time spent on each project could have a material impact on the amount capitalized and related amortization expense in subsequent
periods. 

We
amortize internal use software development costs using a straight-line method over a three-year estimated useful life, commencing when
the software is ready for its intended use. The straight-line recognition method approximates the manner in which the expected benefit
will be derived. We determined the life of internal use software based on historical software upgrades and replacement. 

On
an ongoing basis, we assess if the estimated remaining useful lives of capitalized projects continue to be reasonable based on the remaining
expected benefit and usage. If the remaining useful life of a capitalized project is revised, it is accounted for as a change in estimate
and the remaining unamortized cost of the underlying asset is amortized prospectively over the updated remaining useful life. 

We
also evaluate internal use software for abandonment and use that as a significant indicator for impairment on a quarterly basis. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Typically,
renewal options are considered reasonably assured of being exercised if the associated asset lives of the building or leasehold improvements
exceed that of the initial lease term, and the performance of the business remains strong. Therefore, the Right of Use Asset and Lease
Liability may include an assumption on renewal options that have not yet been exercised by the Company. The Company s operating
leases contained renewal options that expire at various dates with no residual value guarantees. Future obligations relating to the exercise
of renewal options is included in the measurement if, based on the judgment of management, the renewal option is reasonably certain to
be exercised. Factors in determining whether an option is reasonably certain of exercise include, but are not limited to, the value of
leasehold improvements, the value of the renewal rate compared to market rates, and the presence of factors that would cause a significant
economic penalty to the Company if the option is not exercised. Management reasonably plans to exercise all options, and as such, all
renewal options are included in the measurement of the right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. 

As
the rate implicit in leases are not readily determinable, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate to calculate the lease liability
that represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company would incur to borrow on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease
within a particular currency environment. See Note 9. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Determine
the transaction price 

The
transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring services
to the customer. To the extent the transaction price includes variable consideration, the Company estimates the amount of variable consideration
that should be included in the transaction price utilizing either the expected value method or the most likely amount method depending
on the nature of the variable consideration. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in the Company s judgment,
it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. None of the Company s
contracts as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, contained a significant financing component. 

Allocate
the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract 

If
the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation.
However, if a series of distinct services that are substantially the same qualifies as a single performance obligation in a contract
with variable consideration, the Company must determine if the variable consideration is attributable to the entire contract or to a
specific part of the contract. For example, a bonus or penalty may be associated with one or more, but not all, distinct services promised
in a series of distinct services that forms part of a single performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations
require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone selling price basis unless
the transaction price is variable and meets the criteria to be allocated entirely to a performance obligation or to a distinct service
that forms part of a single performance obligation. The Company determines standalone selling price based on the price at which the performance
obligation is sold separately. If the standalone selling price is not observable through past transactions, the Company estimates the
standalone selling price taking into account available information such as market conditions and internally approved pricing guidelines
related to the performance obligations. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Recognize
revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation 

The
Company satisfies performance obligations either over time or at a point in time. Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance
obligation is satisfied by transferring a promised service to a customer. 

The
following reflects additional discussion regarding our revenue recognition policies for each of our material revenue streams. For each
revenue stream we do not offer any returns, refunds or warranties, and no arrangements are cancellable. Additionally, all contract consideration
is fixed and determinable at the initiation of the contract. Performance obligations for Torch, TW and LogicsIQ are satisfied when services
are performed. Performance obligations for ECS and SB are satisfied at point of sale. 

For
each revenue stream we only have a single performance obligation. 

Surge
Phone Wireless (SPW) and Torch Wireless 

SPW
and Torch Wireless are licensed to provide subsidized mobile broadband services through the FCC s Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) to qualifying
low-income customers in all fifty states. Revenues are recognized when an ACP application is completed and accepted. Each month we reconcile
subscriber usage to ensure the service was utilized. A monthly file is submitted to the Universal Service Administrative Company for
review and approval, at which time we have completed our performance obligation and recognize accounts receivable and revenue. Revenues
are recorded in the month when services were rendered, with payment typically received on the 28th of the following month. 

Surge
Blockchain 

Revenues
are generated through the sale of various products such as energy drinks, CBD products, and other top selling products in convenience
store and bodega nationwide. At the time in which our products are sold at the store our performance obligation is considered complete.
At point of sale, our web portal platform initiates an automated clearing house transaction (ACH) resulting in the recording revenue. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

LogicsIQ 

LogicsIQ
is an enterprise software development company providing marketing business intelligence BI ), plaintiff generation and
case load management solutions for law firms representing plaintiffs in Mass Tort legal cases. Revenues are earned from our lead generation
and retained services offerings. 

Lead
generation consist of sourcing leads, which requires us to drive traffic to our landing pages for a specific marketing campaign. We also
achieve this in certain marketing campaigns by using third-party preferred vendors to meet the needs of our clients. Revenues are recognized
at the time the lead is delivered to the client. If payment is received in advance of the delivery of services, it is included in deferred
revenue, and subsequently recognized once the performance obligation has been completed. 

Retained
service offerings consist of turning leads into a retained legal case. To provide this service to our customers, we qualify leads through
verification of information collected during the lead generation process. Additionally, we further qualify these leads using a client
questionnaire which assists in determining the services to be provided. The qualification process is completed using our call center
operations. 

If
payment is received in advance of the delivery of services, it is included in deferred revenue, and subsequently recognized once the
performance obligation has been completed. At the time of delivery of leads and the creation of retained cases (customers are qualified
at this point), our performance obligation has been completed and revenues are recognized. Arrangements with customers do not provide
the customer with the right to take possession of our software or platform at any time. Once the advertising is delivered, it is non-refundable. 

Surge
Fintech and ECS 

Revenues
are generated through the sale of telecommunication products such as mobile phones, wireless top-up refills, and other mobile related
products. At the time in which our products are sold through our online web portal (point of sale), our performance obligation is considered
complete. At point of sale, our web portal platform initiates an automated clearing house transaction (ACH) resulting in the recording
revenue. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

True
Wireless (TW) (Former Subsidiary) 

TW
was licensed to provide wireless services to qualifying low-income customers in five states. Revenues were recognized when a lifeline
application was completed and accepted. Each month we reconciled subscriber usage to ensure the service was utilized. A monthly file
was submitted to the Universal Service Administrative Company for review and approval, at which time we completed our performance obligation
and recognized accounts receivable and revenue. Revenues were recorded in the month when services were rendered, with payment typically
received on the 15 th of the following month. If the subscriber did not utilize the Lifeline service during the month, we had
15-days to cure usage. If not cured, the subscriber was de-enrolled from the lifeline program at day 45. This process to verify usage
and de-enrollment had been temporarily suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Historically, we had had an insignificant amount of subscribers
de-enrolled. 

TW
was sold in May 2021 and was deconsolidated at the disposal date. 

and , respectively. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Surge Blockchain, LLC 

LogicsIQ, Inc. 

Surge Fintech ECS 

True Wireless 
 - 

Total Revenues 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

equity ownership of CenterCom Global, S.A. de C.V. CenterCom ).
CenterCom is a dynamic operations center currently providing sales support, customer service, IT infrastructure design, graphic media,
database programming, software development, revenue assurance, lead generation, and other various operational support services. Our CenterCom
team is based in El Salvador. CenterCom also provides call center support for various third-party clients. 

Anthony
N. Nuzzo, a director and officer and the holder of approximately 10 of our voting equity had a controlling interest in CenterCom Global.
During 2022, Mr. Nuzzo passed away. See Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2022. 

The
strategic partnership with CenterCom as a bilingual operations hub has powered our growth and revenue. CenterCom has been built to support
the infrastructure required to rapidly scale in synergy and efficiency to support our sales growth, customer service and development. 

We
account for this investment under the equity method. Investments accounted for under the equity method are recorded based upon the amount
of our investment and adjusted each period for our share of the investee s income or loss. All investments are reviewed for changes
in circumstance or the occurrence of events that suggest an other than temporary event where our investment may not be recoverable. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, our investment in CenterCom was and , respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized a loss of 89,082 and gain of , respectively. 

During
2021, CenterCom forgave of accounts payable owed by SurgePays to CenterCom. As a result of this debt forgiveness, occurring
with a related party, accordingly, there was no gain recorded, the Company increased additional paid in capital. 

and in marketing and advertising costs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Stock options 

Series A, convertible preferred stock (1) 
 - 

Total common stock equivalents 

1 - 

Warrants
and stock options included as common stock equivalents represent those that are vested and exercisable. See Note 10. 

Based
on the potential common stock equivalents noted above at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, the
Company has sufficient authorized shares of common stock to settle any potential exercises of common stock equivalents. 

and , respectively. 

Axia
 Management, LLC 
 - 

Carddawg
 Investments, Inc. 

CenterCom
 USA, Inc 

Galaxy 
 - 

National
 Relief Telecom 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Total related party expenses 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

The
Company uses certain credit cards to pay expenses, these credit cards are in the names of certain of the Company s officers and
directors. 

- 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 

- 

Less: accumulated depreciation/amortization 

Property and equipment - net 

In
June 2022, the Company acquired software having a fair value of . Payment for the software consisted of as well as the
issuance of shares of common stock having a fair value of /share), based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Depreciation
and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and (including of depreciation from
TW prior to deconsolidation), respectively. 

These
amounts are included as a component of general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Tradenames/trademarks 

ECS membership agreement 

Noncompetition agreement 

Customer Relationships 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Intangibles - net 

Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

- 

Less: accumulated amortization 
 - 
 - 

Property and equipment - net 
 
 - 

Management
has determined that all costs incurred in 2022 related to internal use software development costs related to the application and infrastructure
development stage were completed at December 31, 2022. Amortization of these costs will begin in 2023. 

Based
on the Company s internal use software development costs at December 31, 2022, excluding projects that are not ready for their
intended use with a value of , estimated amortization expense is as follows for the years ended December 31: 

2024 

2025 

Total 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

- /month. The balance of principal and interest is payable over the next thirty (30) years from the date of the
promissory note. There are no penalties for prepayment. The EIDL Loan is not required to be refinanced by the PPP loan. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Term 
 
 Years 
 Years 
 Years 

Maturity date 

Interest rate 

Collateral 

Conversion price 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Principal 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

- 

Gross proceeds 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Forgiveness of loan 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1 
 
 Deconsolidation of subsidiary TW 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 2 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2021 

Forgiveness of loan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 3 
 
 Repayments 
 - 

- 

Reclassification to note payable 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 - 

- 

1 
 
 ,
of which 
 was for principal and for accrued interest.
The Company recorded this forgiveness as other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In March 2022, the Company refinanced the balance with a third-party bank and the maturity date was extended
to March 2025. . See additional disclosure
as part of notes payable summary note 6. 

2 

of debt was assumed by the buyer. 

3 
 
 ,
of which 
 was for principal and 
 for accrued interest. The Company recorded this
forgiveness as other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Maturity date 

Interest rate 

Collateral 

Conversion price 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

- 

Gross proceeds 

Accrued interest included in note balance 
 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of debt into common stock 
 
 - 
 - 

Repayments 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Less: short term 
 
 - 
 - 

Long term 
 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Conversion of debt into common stock 
 
 - 
 - 

Reclass of accrued interest to note payable 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Less: short term 
 
 - 
 - 

Long term 
 
 - 

1 
 
- .
On September 30, 2021, all notes and related accrued interest were combined into two (2) new notes. The new notes had due dates of June
30, 2022 or January 1, 2023. In April 2022, the notes were extended to January 1, 2023 and January 1, 2024, respectively. All notes bear
interest at 10 . 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

In
2021, the Company included of accrued interest in the new note balance. In 2021, the Company issued shares of common
stock at /share to settle of debt including principal of and accrued interest of . As a result of
the debt conversion with a related party, accordingly gains/losses are not recognized, however, the Company increased stockholders 
equity for . 

In
2022, the Company included of accrued interest in the new note balance. In 2022, the Company issued shares of common
stock at /share to settle of debt principal. As a result of the debt conversion with a related party, accordingly gains/losses
are not recognized, however, the Company increased stockholders equity for . 

2 

3 
 and related accrued interest of for a total payment
of . 

Maturity date 

Interest rate 

Default interest rate 
 
 N/A 

Collateral 

Warrants issued as debt discount/issue costs 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Balance - December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Gross proceeds 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Debt discount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Amortization of debt discount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Repayments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross proceeds 

- 
 - 
 - 

Reclassification from SBA - PPP note payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Repayments 

- 
 - 

Debt issue costs 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Amortization of debt issue costs 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

1 
 - 
 ,
three year warrants, which have been reflected as debt issue costs and are amortized over the life of the debt. 

2 
 - 
 ,
secured, revolving promissory note with a third party. The Company may draw down on the note at 
of eligible accounts receivable. The note was repaid in full in November 2022. See below secured revolving debt. 

3 
 - 
 ,
 three year warrants, which have been reflected as debt issue costs and were amortized over the life of the debt. Additionally, in 2022,
 the Company issued an additional ,
 three year warrants, which have been treated as interest expense in connection with extending the maturity date for notes totaling to
 March 2023. In October 2022, the Company repaid . In March 2023, the remaining plus all related accrued interest
was repaid. 

4 
 - 
 
of the market price based upon the VWAP in the preceding 10 days. Debt discount on notes totaling 
 in principle included original issue discounts
of and
debt discounts associated with warrants totaling .
Additionally, the Company computed a beneficial conversion feature of . 

5 

Secured
Revolving Debt 

In
April 2022, a maximum of was made available to the Company, issued pursuant to a series of 270-day (9 months) revolving notes
for purposes of purchasing inventory. In June 2022, this amount was increased to . 

The
notes accrued interest at a monthly rate of annualized). The Company took drawdowns based upon eligible accounts receivable. In
the event that eligible accounts receivable were less than 80 of the loan amount, within four (4) business days, the Company would have
been required to make a payment to the lender so that the loan amount was no greater than of the then current eligible accounts receivable. 

The
maximum amount outstanding under the loan was the lesser of or of eligible accounts receivable. Additionally, any related
accrued interest associated with this mandatory payment was also due. These advances were secured by all assets of the Company. 

In
2022, the Company repaid the plus accrued interest of and the line was terminated. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Maturity date 

Interest rate 
 
 - 
 - 

Collateral 

Conversion price 
 
 - A 
 - B 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

- 

Gross proceeds 
 
 - 

Debt discount 
 
 - 

Amortization of debt discount 

Repayments - cash 
 
 - 
 D 

Conversion to equity/debt modification 

- 

Reclassified to receivable 
 
 C 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

A 
 - 
 multiplied by the lowest one (1) day volume weighted average price VWAP of the Company s common stock during the ten (10) trading days prior to conversion. 

B 
 - 
 - 
multiplied by the lowest one (1) day volume weighted average price VWAP of the Company s common stock during the
ten (10) trading days prior to conversion. 

C 
 - 
 when settling the outstanding balance. This
overpayment had been recorded as a receivable and was repaid in full in April 2021. 

D 
 - 
 of convertible notes in full, however, one of the notes, having a principal of was prepaid early. As
a result, the Company paid an additional prepayment penalty equal to of the outstanding amount due at the time of prepayment, resulting
in additional interest expense of . Also, at the time of repayment, the embedded derivative liability ceased to exist. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Line
of Credit 

The
Company had a line of credit with a bank, bearing interest at , which was due in April 2021. The line of credit was secured
by all of the Company s assets and was personally guaranteed by the owner of the majority of the Company s voting shares.
The balance at December 31, 2021 was . In connection with the deconsolidation of TW in May 2021, the buyer assumed the line of credit. 

Debt
Maturities 

- 

2024 
 
 - 

2025 
 - 
 - 

2026 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 
 - 

Total 

- year 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

Risk free interest rate 
 - 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Fair value at commitment date 

Fair value mark to market adjustment 

Gain on derivative liability upon related debt settled 

Derivative liability - December 31, 2021 
 - 

Changes
in fair value of derivative liabilities are included in other income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 0 
and ,
respectively. These amounts reflect a mark to market adjustment recorded to the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. 

In
connection with bifurcating the embedded conversion option and accounting for this instrument at fair value, the Company computed a fair
value on the commitment date, and upon the initial valuation of this instrument, determined that the fair value of the liability exceeded
the proceeds of the debt host instrument. As a result, the Company recorded a debt discount at the maximum amount allowed (the face amount
of the debt), which required the overage to be recorded as a derivative expense. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a derivative expense of 0 and , respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with the repayment of convertible notes which contained embedded conversion features,
the related derivative liabilities ceased to exist. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a gain of and , respectively, related to the settlement of
convertible debt which contained an embedded conversion feature and was separately bifurcated and classified as a derivative liability.
The Company has recorded these gains in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations as a component of gain on settlement of
liabilities. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a gain of and , respectively. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

We
have elected not to present short-term leases on the balance sheet as these leases have a lease term of 12 months or less at lease inception
and do not contain purchase options or renewal terms that we are reasonably certain to exercise. All other lease assets and lease liabilities
are recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. Because most of our leases do not
provide an implicit rate of return, we used our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at lease commencement date
in determining the present value of lease payments. 

Our
leases, where we are the lessee, do not include an option to extend the lease term. For purposes of calculating lease liabilities, lease term would include options
to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. 

Lease
expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term as an operating expense, included as a component
of general and administrative expenses, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Certain
operating leases provide for annual increases to lease payments based on an index or rate, our lease has no stated increase, payments
were fixed at lease inception. We calculate the present value of future lease payments based on the index or rate at the lease commencement
date. Differences between the calculated lease payment and actual payment are expensed as incurred. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company has no financing leases as defined in ASC 842, Leases. 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total net lease cost 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Operating lease liabilities - current 

Operating lease liabilities - non-current 

Total operating lease liabilities 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Operating leases 
 - 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 

Operating leases 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: amount representing interest 

Total lease obligations 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

In
May 2021, the Company and its landlord mutually agreed to terminate the outstanding lease for ECS. The Company had an outstanding ROU
liability of at the date of termination. There was no gain or loss on lease termination. 

Contingencies
 Legal Matters 

True
Wireless and Surge Holdings - Terracom Litigation 

Global Reconnect, LLC and Terracom, Inc. v. Jonathan Coffman, Jerry Carroll,
True Wireless, Surge Holdings: In the Chancery Court of Hamilton County, TN, Docket # 20-00058, Filed Jan 21, 2020. On January 21,
2020, a complaint was filed related to a noncompetition dispute. Terracom believes Mr. Coffman and Mr. Carroll are in violation of their
non-compete agreements by working for us and True Wireless, Inc. Oklahoma and Tennessee state law does not recognize non-compete agreements
and are not usually enforced in the state courts of these states, as such we believe True Wireless has a strong case against Terracom.
The matter is entering the discovery process. Both Mr. Carroll and Mr. Coffman are no longer working for True Wireless in sales. Mr. Carroll
is off the payroll and Mr. Coffman works for SurgePays, Inc., but not in wireless sales. The complaint requests general damages plus fees
and costs for tortious interference with a business relationship in their prayer for relief. They have made no written demand for damages
at this point in time. The Company believes this matter is simply an anti-competitive attempt by Terracom to cause distress to True Wireless. 
The case was dismissed without prejudice by the Court on December 15, 2022. 

Surge
Holdings Juno Litigation 

Juno
Financial v. AATAC and Surge Holdings Inc. AND Surge Holdings Inc. v. AATAC; Circuit Court of Hillsborough County, Florida, Case # 20-CA-2712
DIV A: Breach of Contract, Account Stated and Open Account claims against Surge by a factoring company. Surge has filed a cross-complaint
against defendant AATAC for Breach of Contract, Account Stated, Open Account and Common Law Indemnity. Case is in discovery. Following
analysis by our litigation counsel stating that there is a good defense, management has decided that a reserve is not necessary. 

SurgePays
 Ambess Litigation 

On
December 17, 2021, Ambess Enterprises, Inc. v SurgePays, Inc., Blair County Pa. case number 2021 GN 3222. Plaintiff alleges breach of
contract and prays for damages of approximately , plus fees, costs and interest. Litigation counsel is managing the motion
practice and discovery process. The case was settled and dismissed on January 30, 2023. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

True
Wireless and SurgePays Litigation 

Blue
Skies Connections, LLC, and True Wireless, Inc. v. SurgePays, Inc., et. al. : In the District Court of Oklahoma County, OK, CJ-2021-5327,
filed on December 13, 2021. Plaintiffs petition alleges breach of a Stock Purchase Agreement by SurgePays, SurgePhone Wireless,
LLC, and Kevin Brian Cox, and makes other allegations related to SurgePays consulting work with Jonathan Coffman, a True Wireless
employee. Blue Skies believes the Defendants are in violation of their non-competition and non-solicitation agreements related to the
sale of True Wireless from SurgePays to Blue Skies. Oklahoma state law does not recognize non-compete agreements and non-solicitation
agreements in the manner alleged by Plaintiffs, as such we believe SurgePays, SurgePhone, and Cox have a strong defense against the claims
asserted by Blue Skies and True Wireless. The matter continues in the discovery process. Mr. Coffman is no longer working for True Wireless.
An attempt at mediation in July, 2022 did not achieve a settlement. The petition requests injunctive relief, general damages, punitive
damages, attorney fees and costs for alleged breach of contract, tortious interference with a business relationship, and fraud. Plaintiffs
have made a written demand for damages and the parties continue to discuss a potential resolution. This matter is an anti-competitive
attempt by Blue Skies and True Wireless to damage SurgePays, SurgePhone, and Cox. Written discovery is winding down and depositions are
anticipated in the 2 nd and 3 rd Q of 2023. 

Aliotta
and Vasquesz v SurgePays Litigation 

Robert
Aliotta and Steve Vasquesz, on behalf of themselves and others similarly situated v. SurgePays, Inc. d/b/a Surge Logics , filed January
4, 2023, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Case No. 1:23-cv-00042. Plaintiffs allege violations
of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) and the Florida Telephone Solicitations Act (FTSA) based on telephone solicitations allegedly
made by or on behalf of SurgePays, Inc. Plaintiffs seek damages for themselves and seek certification of a class action on behalf
of others similarly situated. Defendants intend to vigorously defend the action however most similar cases are eventually resolved by
an out-of-court settlement. At this time, it is impossible to estimate the amount or range of potential loss, but similar matters are
usually settled for or less. SurgePays, Inc has been removed from the case following a Motion to Dismiss and LogicsIQ, Inc.
has been named as the defendant. The case remains in the pleadings stage. 

Demiray
v. SurgePays, Inc. 

Meral
Demiray v Surge Holdings, Inc. a/k/a SurgePays, Inc.: In the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Case
# 22-cv-6591, filed November 23, 2022. Plaintiff filed a claim against SurgePays following her dismissal from her position as an employee
of the company. Following negotiations among and between SurgePays, SurgePays insurance carrier and the Plaintiff, a settlement
has been reached and documentation is currently being drafted for full settlement, release, and dismissal of the claim. 

. All share and per share amounts have
been retroactively restated to the earliest period presented. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had three (3) classes of stock: 

Common
Stock 

- 
 
 shares authorized 

- 
 Par
 value - 

- 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Series
A, Convertible Preferred Stock 

- 
 
 shares authorized 

- 
 
 issued and outstanding 

- 
 Par
 value - 

- 

- 
 Ranks
 senior to any other class of preferred stock 

- 
 Dividends
 - none 

- 
 Liquidation
 preference none 

- 
 Rights
 of redemption - none 

- 

In
2022, all Series A, Preferred stockholders, representing shares issued and outstanding, agreed to convert their holdings into
 shares of common stock. The transaction had a net effect of on stockholders equity. 

Series
C, Convertible Preferred Stock 

- 
 
 shares authorized 

- 
 
 issued and outstanding 

- 
 Par
 value - 

- 

- 
 Ranks
 junior to any other class of preferred stock 

- 
 Dividends
 equal to the per share amount (as converted basis) as the common stockholders should the Board of Directors declare a dividend 

- 
 Liquidation
 preference original issue price plus any declared yet unpaid accrued dividends 

- 
 Rights
 of redemption - none 

- 

In
2021, all Series C, Preferred stockholders, representing shares issued and outstanding, agreed to convert their holdings into
 shares of common stock. The transaction had a net effect of on stockholders equity. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Equity
Transactions for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Stock
Issued as Direct Offering Costs 

The Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock
for services rendered in connection with the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market in 2021. As a result, the Company
recorded the par value of the common stock issued with a corresponding charge to additional paid-in capital, resulting in a net effect
of 0 to stockholders equity. 

Stock
Issued for Acquisition of Software 

The
Company acquired software having a fair value of . Payment for the software consisted of in cash and the Company issued
 shares of common stock having a fair value of /share), based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

Exercise
of Warrants (Cashless) 

The
Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the cashless exercise of warrants. These transactions had a net effect
of on stockholders equity. 

Exercise
of Warrants 

The
Company issued 
shares of common stock in connection with an exercise of 
warrants at an exercise price of per share for proceeds of . 

Equity
Transactions for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

NASDAQ
Listing 

On
November 2, 2021, the Company was approved to be uplisted to NASDAQ. The common stock and warrants are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbols SURG and SURGW, respectively. 

Stock
Issued for Services 

The
Company issued shares of common stock for services rendered, having a fair value of - /share), based upon the
quoted closing trading price. 

Stock
and Warrants Issued for Cash and Related Direct Offering Costs 

The
Company issued an aggregate shares of common stock for - /share). In connection with raising these funds,
the Company paid in direct offering costs, resulting in net proceeds of . 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Of
the shares issued in 2021, shares and were sold in connection with the Company s uplist to NASDAQ as
follows: 

On
November 4, 2021, the Company issued units consisting of and over-allotment
warrants. The units were sold at per unit for gross proceeds of from the sale of units at 
and from the sale of over-allotment warrants at ). The warrants are exercisable immediately at /share and expire
three years from the issuance date. 

In
connection with the Company s sale of common stock, the Company incurred direct offering costs of which were charged
to additional paid-in capital. Net proceeds were . 

On
November 4, 2021, the Company issued five year warrants to the underwriters. These warrants are exercisable beginning May
1, 2022 until November 1, 2026. The exercise price is /share. The fair value of these warrants was based upon the following
assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Risk free interest rate 

Since
these warrants were issued as direct offering costs associated with the offering, the Company has accounted for these warrants as both
a charge and increase to additional paid-in capital, resulting in a net effect on stockholders equity of . 

These
 warrants were exchanged for shares of common stock in July 2022 in a cashless exchange. The net effect on stockholders 
equity was . 

Exercise
of Warrants 

The
Company issued shares of common stock in connection with a cashless exercise of warrants. The transaction had a net effect of 
on stockholders equity. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Stock
and Warrants Issued as Debt Discount 

During
2021, the Company issued stock and warrants in connection with the issuance of debt and derivative liabilities totaling , which
were recorded as debt discounts to be amortized over the life of the debt. The Company issued shares of common stock along with
 three year warrants, having an exercise price of /share. The aggregate discount recorded was for the stock and
warrants which are reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of stockholders equity. An additional discount of 
was recorded in connection with the commitment date fair value of derivative liabilities for an aggregate discount of . 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Risk free interest rate 

Conversion
of Debt 

The
Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of convertible debt, having a fair value of - /share), based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

Make-whole
Arrangement 

The
Company issued shares of common stock to debt holders that were entitled to shares upon the settlement of debt and related accrued
interest. The shares had a fair value of - /share), based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

Stock
Issued for Debt Modification 

The
Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the modification of debt arrangements. The shares had a fair value of
 - /share), based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

Stock
Issued in Settlement of Liabilities 

The
Company issued shares of common stock to various vendors and debt holders to settle accounts payable, debt and derivative liabilities.
The shares had a fair value of - /share), based upon the quoted closing trading price. In connection with these
debt settlements, the Company recorded a gain of . 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Stock
Issued in Acquisition of Membership Interest in ECS 

On
January 30, 2020, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement and Stock Purchase Agreement with ECS Prepaid, ECS,
CSLS and the Winfrey s. Pursuant to the agreements, the Company acquired all the membership interests of ECS Prepaid and all
of the issued and outstanding stock of each ECS and CSLS. The agreements provide that the consideration is to be paid by the Company
through the issuance of shares of the Company s Common Stock. In addition, the agreements called for shares of Common
Stock to be issued to the Winfrey s on a monthly basis over a 12-month period. During 2021, the Company issued shares of
common stock in full settlement of the agreements. The shares had a fair value of /share), based upon the quoted closing
trading price. During 2020, the Company issued shares. 

Stock
Options 

- 
 - 
 
 Vested and Exercisable - December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Unvested and non-exercisable - December 31, 2020 

- 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled/Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding - December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 
 
 Vested and Exercisable - December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 
 
 Unvested and non-exercisable - December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled/Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding - December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 
 
 Vested and Exercisable - December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 
 
 Unvested and non-exercisable - December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

During
2022 and 2021, stock options vested each year in total), which were held by the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 

Compensation
expense recorded for stock-based compensation is as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and ,
respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, compensation cost related to the unvested options not yet recognized was . 

Weighted
average period in which compensation will vest (years) years. The unvested stock option expense is expected to be recognized through
March 2024. 

Warrants 

- 
 
 Vested and Exercisable - December 31, 2020 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 - 
 
 Cancelled/Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding - December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Vested and Exercisable - December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Unvested - December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 

Exercised 

- 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

- 

Outstanding - December 31, 2022 

Vested and Exercisable - December 31, 2022 

Unvested - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Warrant
Transactions for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Warrants
Issued as Debt Issue Costs 

In
connection with in notes payable (See Note 6), the Company issued warrants, which are accounted for as debt issue costs,
having a fair value of . These debt issue costs were amortized in full as of December 31, 2022. 

years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

Risk free interest rate 
 - 

Warrants
Issued as Interest Expense 

A
vendor increased the amount of credit the Company had for making purchases. In consideration of the increase, the Company issued 
warrants, which are accounted for as interest expense, having a fair value of . 

years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Risk free interest rate 

In
2022, the Company extended the due dates of certain notes payable totaling for an additional 6 months. In consideration for
the extension of the maturity date, the Company issued warrants, which are accounted for as additional interest expense, having
a fair value of . The Company also determined that these transactions were classified as debt modifications and that extinguishment
accounting did not apply. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

Risk free interest rate 
 - 

Warrant
Transactions for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

During
2021, the Company granted warrants to convertible note holders and an additional warrants to note holders. These warrants
were exercisable upon the grant date, had expiration dates ranging from years, and exercise prices of - /share. 

Additionally,
in connection with the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market.., warrants were sold for cash and an additional warrants were issued as an underwriters 
discount. The warrants are exercisable six months from the grant date in May 2022. See above for additional discussion, including
the cashless exercise of these warrants for shares of common stock. 

In
connection with the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. warrants were repriced at a lower exercise price to better reflect the
current market offering. No other terms had been modified. As a result, for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a
warrant modification expense of in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations with an offsetting increase to additional
paid in capital. 

- 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

Risk free interest rate 
 - 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 Schedule of Operating Segments 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Surge Phone and Torch Wireless 

Surge Blockchain, LLC 

LogicsIQ, Inc. 

Surge Fintech ECS 

True Wireless 
 - 

Surge Pays, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

Cost of revenues 

Surge Phone and Torch Wireless 

Surge Blockchain, LLC 

LogicsIQ, Inc. 

Surge Fintech ECS 

True Wireless 
 - 

Surge Pays, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

Operating expenses 

Surge Phone and Torch Wireless 

Surge Blockchain, LLC 

LogicsIQ, Inc. 

Surge Fintech ECS 

True Wireless 
 - 

Surge Pays, Inc. 

Total 

Income (loss) from operations 

Surge Phone and Torch Wireless 

Surge Blockchain, LLC 

LogicsIQ, Inc. 

Surge Fintech ECS 

True Wireless 
 - 

Surge Pays, Inc. 

Total 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Segment
information for the Company s assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, are as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Total Assets 

Surge Phone and Torch Wireless 

Surge Blockchain, LLC 

LogicsIQ, Inc. 

Surge Fintech ECS 

True Wireless 
 - 
 - 
 
 Surge Pays, Inc. 

Total 

Total Liabilities 

Surge Phone and Torch Wireless 

Surge Blockchain, LLC 

LogicsIQ, Inc. 

Surge Fintech ECS 

True Wireless 
 - 
 - 
 
 Surge Pays, Inc. 

Total 

to purchase devices for sale. 

This
agreement is based upon the Company submitting a purchase order and ACF approving the request. The Company may cancel the purchase order
prior to ACF paying for the devices. . 

Under
the terms of the agreement, ACF is directly purchasing products and reselling to the Company at a markup. At December 31, 2022, the markup
was . Effective April 1, 2023 and each quarter thereafter, this amount is subject to increase based upon the secured overnight financing
rate. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Repayment
Period 

Each
installment sale contract shall be repaid over a period of nine (9) months. 

Security 

This
arrangement is fully secured by all assets of the Company. 

Minimum
Outstanding Balance 

Prepayment
Penalty 

Administrative
Fee 

The
Company is required to pay per month. 

Default
Rate 

Commitment
Fee 

ACF
charged a commitment fee on the initial installment sale, and 2 for each incremental increase of in the installment sale
credit amount. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Covenants 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all of the following ratios: 

1. 
 Company
 adjusted EBITDA, 

2. 
 Total
 Leverage Ratio, 

3. 
 Fixed
 Charge Coverage Ratio, 

4. 
 Minimum
 Subscriber Base; and 

5. 
 Minimum
 Liquidity 

Additionally,
the Company is required to provide various data to the vendor on a periodic basis. The Company has not received notice from the vendor regarding any instances of non-compliance. 

Lockbox 

The
Company will maintain a lockbox for the benefit of the Seller. 

Accounts
Payable and Accrued Expenses 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded an installment sale liability of and 0 ,
respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid fees of and ,
respectively. These amounts have been included as a component of cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

to loss before taxes), are approximately as follows: 

 Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Federal income tax benefit - 

State income tax - 

Non-deductible items 

Subtotal 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax benefit 
 - 
 - 

(Gain) loss on investment in Centercom - related party 

Amortization of ROU Assets 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 

Share based payments/option compensation 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Other 
 - 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset recorded 
 - 
 - 

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are computed by applying the federal and state income tax rates in effect to the gross amounts of temporary
differences and other tax attributes, such as net operating loss carryforwards. In assessing if the deferred tax assets will be realized,
the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of these deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the period in which these deductible
temporary differences reverse. 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the valuation allowance increased by approximately . The total valuation allowance results
from the Company s estimate of its uncertainty in being unable to recover its net deferred tax assets. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, which are available to offset future taxable income,
of approximately (approximately at the blended tax rate). The Company is in the process of analyzing their NOL
and has not determined if the Company has had any change of control issues that could limit the future use of these NOL s. NOL
carryforwards that were generated after 2017 may only be used to offset 80 of taxable income and are carried forward indefinitely. NOL s
generated prior to December 31, 2017 expire through 2037. 

These
carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and similar state
provisions if the Company experienced one or more ownership changes which would limit the amount of NOL and tax credit carryforwards
that can be utilized to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382
and 383, results from transactions increasing ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of the corporation by more
than fifty percentage points over a three- year period. The Company has not completed an IRC Section 382/383 analysis. If a change in ownership
were to have occurred, NOL and tax credit carryforwards could be eliminated or restricted. 

If
eliminated, the related asset would be removed from the deferred tax asset schedule with a corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance.
Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, limitations created by future ownership changes, if any, will not impact the Company s
effective tax rate. 

The
Company files corporate income tax returns in the United States and State of Tennessee jurisdictions. Due to the Company s net
operating loss posture, all tax years are open and subject to income tax examination by tax authorities. The Company s policy is
to recognize interest expense and penalties related to income tax matters as tax expense. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
there are no unrecognized tax benefits, and there were no significant accruals for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits or tax
penalties. 

shares of common stock 

2. 
 An
 annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning January 1, 2023 and ending on January 31, 2031 equal to the lesser
 of: 

a. 
 
 of the common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year, or 

b. 
 Such
 smaller amount of common stock as determined by the Board of Directors. 

3. 
 The
 shares may be issued as follows to directors, officers, employees and consultants: 

a. 
 Distribution
 equivalent rights 

b. 
 Incentive
 share options 

c. 
 Non-qualified
 share options 

d. 
 Performance
 unit awards 

e. 
 Restricted
 share awards 

f. 
 Restricted
 share unit awards 

g. 
 Share
 appreciation rights 

h. 
 Tandem
 share appreciation rights 

i. 
 Unrestricted
 share awards 

See
Schedule 14A Information filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2023 for a complete detail of the Plan. 

Stock Issued For Services 

The Company issued shares of common stock for
services rendered, having a fair value of /share), based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

F- 59 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ex4-4.htm

Exhibit
4.4 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As
of December 31, 2022, SurgePays, Inc. the Company had two classes of security registered under Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), our common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ),
and a registered class of warrants, each to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Warrants ). 

Description
of Common Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue 600,000,000 shares of capital stock, par value 0.001 per share, of which 500,000,000 are shares of common
stock and 100,000,000 are shares of blank check preferred stock. As of March 30, 2023, there were 14,116,832 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding. There were no shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of March 30, 2023. 

Each
share of our Common Stock entitles its holder to one vote in the election of each director and on all other matters voted on generally
by our stockholders, other than any matter that (1) solely relates to the terms of any outstanding series of preferred stock or the number
of shares of that series and (2) does not affect the number of authorized shares of preferred stock or the powers, privileges and rights
pertaining to the Common Stock. No share of our Common Stock affords any cumulative voting rights. This means that the holders of a majority
of the voting power of the shares voting for the election of directors can elect all directors to be elected if they choose to do so. 

Holders
of our Common Stock will be entitled to dividends in such amounts and at such times as our Board of Directors in its discretion may declare
out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. We currently intend to retain our entire available discretionary cash flow
to finance the growth, development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on the Common Stock
in the foreseeable future. Any future dividends will be paid at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

If
we liquidate or dissolve our business, the holders of our Common Stock will share ratably in all our assets that are available for distribution
to our stockholders after our creditors are paid in full and the holders of all series of our outstanding preferred stock, if any, receive
their liquidation preferences in full. 

Our
Common Stock has no preemptive rights and is not convertible or redeemable or entitled to the benefits of any sinking or repurchase fund. 

The
Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol SURG. 

The
Company s transfer agent is VStock Transfer, LLC. 

Description
of Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

Overview .
The following summary of certain terms and provisions of the Warrants offered hereby is not complete and is subject to, and qualified
in its entirety by, the provisions of the warrant agency agreement between us and VStock Transfer, LLC (the Warrant Agent ),
and the form of warrant, incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.4 is a part. 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were 5,681,392 warrants that were outstanding, vested and exercisable. 

The
Warrants entitle the registered holder to purchase Common Stock at a price equal to 4.73 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed
below, immediately following the issuance of such Warrant and terminating at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on November 4, 2024. 

The
exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances,
including in the event of a stock dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Warrants will not
be adjusted for issuances of Common Stock at prices below its exercise price. 

Exercisability.
 The Warrants are exercisable at any time after their original issuance and at any time up to the date that is three (3) years after
their original issuance. The Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the Warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at
the offices of the Warrant Agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated,
accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of Warrants being
exercised. Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, we must use our best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement
and current prospectus relating to the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants until the expiration of the Warrants. If we
fail to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement and current prospectus relating to the Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants, the holders of the Warrants shall have the right to exercise the Warrants solely via a cashless exercise feature provided
for in the Warrants, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and current prospectus. 

Exercise
Limitation . A holder may not exercise any portion of a Warrant to the extent that the holder, together with its affiliates and any
other person or entity acting as a group, would own more than 4.99 of the outstanding Common Stock after exercise, as such percentage
ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrant, except that upon prior notice from the holder to us, the holder
may waive such limitation up to a percentage not in excess of 9.99 . 

Exercise
Price. The exercise price per whole share of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of the Warrants is 4.73. The exercise price
is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications
or similar events affecting our Common Stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock, or other property to our
stockholders. 

Fractional
Shares . No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. As to any fraction of a share of Common
Stock which the holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company will round up or down, as applicable,
to the nearest whole share of Common Stock. 

Transferability.
 Subject to applicable laws, the Warrants may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without our consent. 

Warrant
Agent; Global Certificate. The Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agency agreement between the Warrant Agent
and us. The Warrants shall initially be represented only by one or more global warrants deposited with the Warrant Agent, as custodian
on behalf of The Depository Trust Company (DTC) and registered in the name of Cede Co., a nominee of DTC, or as otherwise directed
by DTC. 

Fundamental
Transactions . In the event of a fundamental transaction, as described in the Warrants and generally including any reorganization,
recapitalization or reclassification of our Common Stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our
properties or assets, our consolidation or merger with or into another person, the acquisition of more than 50 of our outstanding Common
Stock, or any person or group becoming the beneficial owner of 50 of the voting power represented by our outstanding Common Stock, the
holders of the Warrants will be entitled to receive the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders would
have received had they exercised the Warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction. 

Rights
as a Stockholder. The Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Common Stock or any voting rights until
they exercise their Warrants and receive Common Stock. After the issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrants, each holder will
be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Governing
Law . The Warrants and the warrant agency agreement are governed by New York law. 

Exchange.
 The Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol SURGW. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 ex10-18.htm

Exhibit
10.18 

SURGEPAYS,
INC. 

 2022
OMNIBUS SECURITIES AND INCENTIVE PLAN 

 3.5
MILLION SHARES OF COMMON STOCK 

ARTICLE
I 

 PURPOSE 

The
purpose of this SurgePays, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan (the Plan is to benefit the stockholders of
SurgePays, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), by assisting the Company to attract, retain and provide incentives
to key management employees and non-employee directors of, and non-employee consultants to, the Company and its Affiliates, and to align
the interests of such employees, non-employee directors and non-employee consultants with those of the Company s stockholders.
Accordingly, the Plan provides for the granting of Distribution Equivalent Rights, Incentive Share Options, Non-Qualified Share Options,
Performance Unit Awards, Restricted Share Awards, Restricted Share Unit Awards, Share Appreciation Rights, Tandem Share Appreciation
Rights, Unrestricted Share Awards or any combination of the foregoing, as may be best suited to the circumstances of the particular Employee,
Director or Consultant as provided herein. 

ARTICLE
II 

 DEFINITIONS 

The
following definitions shall be applicable throughout the Plan unless the context otherwise requires: 

Affiliate 
shall mean any corporation which, with respect to the Company, is a subsidiary corporation within the meaning of Section
424(f) of the Code. 

Award 
shall mean, individually or collectively, any Distribution Equivalent Right, Option, Performance Unit Award, Restricted Share Award,
Restricted Share Unit Award, Share Appreciation Right or Unrestricted Share Award. 

Award
Agreement shall mean a written agreement between the Company and the Holder with respect to an Award, setting forth the terms
and conditions of the Award, and each of which shall constitute a part of the Plan. 

Board 
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Change
of Control shall mean (i) for a Holder who is a party to an employment or consulting agreement with the Company or an Affiliate
which agreement defines Change of Control (or a similar term) therein, Change of Control shall have the same
meaning as provided for in such agreement, or (ii) for a Holder who is not a party to such an agreement, Change of Control 
shall mean the satisfaction of any one or more of the following conditions (and the Change of Control shall be deemed to
have occurred as of the first day that any one or more of the following conditions shall have been satisfied): 

(a)
Any person (as such term is used in paragraphs 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, hereinafter in this definition, Person ),
other than the Company or an Affiliate or an employee benefit plan of the Company or an Affiliate, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined
in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities; 

(b)
The closing of a merger, consolidation or other business combination (a Business Combination other than a Business Combination
in which holders of the Common Stock immediately prior to the Business Combination have substantially the same proportionate ownership
of the Company or surviving corporation immediately after the Business Combination as immediately before; 

(c)
The closing of an agreement for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to any entity that
is not an Affiliate; 

1 

(d)
The approval by the holders of shares of Common Stock of a Plan of complete liquidation of the Company other than a liquidation of the
Company into any subsidiary or a liquidation a result of which Persons who were stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such
liquidation have substantially the same proportionate ownership of shares of the surviving corporation immediately after such liquidation
as immediately before; or 

(e)
Within any twenty-four (24)-month period, the Incumbent Directors shall cease to constitute at least a majority of the Board or the board
of directors of any successor to the Company; provided, however, that any director elected to the Board, or nominated for election, by
a majority of the Incumbent Directors then still in office, shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director for purposes of this paragraph
(e), but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or
threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies
or consents by or on behalf of an individual, entity or group other than the Board (including, but not limited to, any
such assumption that results from paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) of this definition). 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur if the Company files for bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization
under the United States Bankruptcy Code. 

Code 
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference in the Plan to any section of the Code shall be deemed to include
any amendments or successor provisions to any section and any regulation under such section. 

Committee 
shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board or such other committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan. 

Common
Share shall mean a share of Common Stock. 

Common
Stock shall mean the common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company. 

Company 
shall mean SurgePays, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and any successor thereto. 

Consultant 
shall mean any non-Employee advisor to the Company or an Affiliate who or which has contracted directly with the Company or an Affiliate
to render bona fide consulting or advisory services thereto. 

Director 
shall mean a member of the Board or a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate, in either case, who is not an Employee. 

Distribution
Equivalent Right shall mean an Award granted under Article XII of the Plan which entitles the Holder to receive bookkeeping credits,
cash payments and/or Common Share distributions equal in amount to the distributions that would have been made to the Holder had the
Holder held a specified number of Common Stock during the period the Holder held the Distribution Equivalent Right. 

Distribution
Equivalent Right Award Agreement shall mean a written agreement between the Company and a Holder with respect to a Distribution
Equivalent Right Award. 

Employee 
shall mean any employee, including officers, of the Company or an Affiliate. 

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Fair
Market Value shall mean, as determined consistent with the applicable requirements of Sections 409A and 422 of the Code, as of
any specified date, the closing sales price of the Common Stock for such date (or, in the event that the Common Stock are not traded
on such date, on the immediately preceding trading date) as reported in The Wall Street Journal or a comparable reporting service.
If the Common Stock are not listed on a national securities exchange, but are quoted on the OTC Markets OTC Link, the Fair Market Value
of the Common Stock shall be the mean of the bid and asked prices per Common Share for such date. If the Common Stock are not quoted
or listed as set forth above, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in good faith by any fair and reasonable means (which
means, with respect to a particular Award grant, may be set forth with greater specificity in the applicable Award Agreement). The Fair
Market Value of property other than Common Stock shall be determined by the Committee in good faith by any fair and reasonable means,
and consistent with the applicable requirements of Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 

2 

Family
Member shall mean any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law,
father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the
Holder s household (other than a tenant or employee of the Holder), a trust in which such persons have more than fifty percent
(50 of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which such persons (or the Holder) control the management of assets and any other entity
in which such persons (or the Holder) own more than fifty percent (50 of the voting interests. 

Holder 
shall mean an Employee, Director or Consultant who has been granted an Award or any such individual s beneficiary, estate or representative,
to the extent applicable. 

Incentive
Share Option shall mean an Option which is intended by the Committee to constitute an incentive stock option under
Section 422 of the Code. 

Incumbent
Director shall mean, with respect to any period of time specified under the Plan for purposes of determining whether or not a
Change of Control has occurred, the individuals who were members of the Board at the beginning of such period. 

Non-Qualified
Share Option shall mean an Option which is not an Incentive Share Option. 

Option 
shall mean an Award granted under Article VII of the Plan of an option to purchase Common Stock and includes both Incentive Share Options
and Non-Qualified Share Options. 

Option
Agreement shall mean a written agreement between the Company and a Holder with respect to an Option. 

Performance
Unit shall mean a Unit awarded to a Holder pursuant to a Performance Unit Award. 

Performance
Unit Award shall mean an Award granted under Article XI of the Plan under which, upon the satisfaction of predetermined individual
and/or Company (and/or Affiliate) performance goals and/or objectives, a cash payment shall be made to the Holder, based on the number
of Units awarded to the Holder. 

Performance
Unit Award Agreement shall mean a written agreement between the Company and a Holder with respect to a Performance Unit Award. 

Plan 
shall mean this SurgePays, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, together with each of the Award
Agreements utilized hereunder. 

Restricted
Share Award shall mean an Award granted under Article VIII of the Plan of Common Stock, the transferability of which by the Holder
shall be subject to Restrictions. 

Restricted
Share Award Agreement shall mean a written agreement between the Company and a Holder with respect to a Restricted Share Award. 

Restricted
Share Unit Award shall mean an Award granted under Article X of the Plan under which, upon the satisfaction of predetermined individual
service-related vesting requirements, a cash payment shall be made to the Holder, based on the number of Units awarded to the Holder. 

Restricted
Share Unit Award Agreement shall mean a written agreement between the Company and a Holder with respect to a Restricted Share
Unit Award. 

3 

Restriction
Period shall mean the period of time for which Common Stock subject to a Restricted Share Award shall be subject to Restrictions,
as set forth in the applicable Restricted Share Award Agreement. 

Restrictions 
shall mean forfeiture, transfer and/or other restrictions applicable to Common Stock awarded to an Employee, Director or Consultant under
the Plan pursuant to a Restricted Share Award and set forth in a Restricted Share Award Agreement. 

Rule
16b-3 shall mean Rule 16b-3 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act, as such may be amended
from time to time, and any successor rule, regulation or statute fulfilling the same or a substantially similar function. 

Share
Appreciation Right shall mean an Award granted under Article XIII of the Plan of a right, granted alone or in connection with
a related Option, to receive a payment on the date of exercise. 

Share
Appreciation Right Award Agreement shall mean a written agreement between the Company and a Holder with respect to a Share Appreciation
Right. 

Tandem
Share Appreciation Right shall mean a Share Appreciation Right granted in connection with a related Option, the exercise of which
shall result in termination of the otherwise entitlement to purchase some or all of the Common Stock under the related Option, all as
set forth in Section 13.2. 

Ten
Percent Shareholder shall mean an Employee who, at the time an Option is granted to him or her, owns shares possessing more than
ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or of any parent corporation or subsidiary
corporation thereof (both as defined in Section 424 of the Code), within the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code. 

Units 
shall mean bookkeeping units, each of which represents such monetary amount as shall be designated by the Committee in each Performance
Unit Award Agreement, or represents one (1) Common Share for purposes of each Restricted Share Unit Award. 

Unrestricted
Share Award shall mean an Award granted under Article IX of the Plan of Common Stock which are not subject to Restrictions. 

Unrestricted
Share Award Agreement shall mean a written agreement between the Company and a Holder with respect to an Unrestricted Share Award. 

ARTICLE
III 

 EFFECTIVE
DATE OF PLAN 

The
Plan shall be effective as of the date in 2022 that the Board approves the Plan, subject, however, to approval by the stockholders of
the Company. 

ARTICLE
IV 

 ADMINISTRATION 

Section
4.1. Administration . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. 

Section
4.2. Powers . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have the sole authority, in its discretion, to make all
determinations under the Plan, including, but not limited to, determining which Employees, Directors or Consultants shall receive an
Award, the time or times when an Award shall be made (the date of grant of an Award shall be the date on which the Award is awarded by
the Committee), what type of Award shall be granted, the term of an Award, the date or dates on which an Award vests (including acceleration
of vesting), the form of any payment to be made pursuant to an Award, the terms and conditions of an Award (including the forfeiture
of the Award (and/or any financial gain) if the Holder of the Award violates any applicable restrictive covenant thereof), the Restrictions
under a Restricted Share Award and the number of Common Stock which may be issued under an Award, all as applicable. In making such determinations,
the Committee may take into account the nature of the services rendered by the respective Employees, Directors and Consultants, their
present and potential contribution to the Company s (or the Affiliate s) success and such other factors as the Committee,
in its discretion, shall deem relevant. 

4 

Section
4.3. Additional Powers . The Committee shall have such additional powers as are delegated to it under the other provisions of the
Plan. Subject to the express provisions of the Plan, the Committee is authorized to construe the Plan and the respective Award Agreements
executed hereunder, to prescribe such rules and regulations relating to the Plan as it may deem advisable to carry out the intent of
the Plan, and to determine the terms, restrictions and provisions of each Award, including such terms, restrictions and provisions as
shall be requisite in the judgment of the Committee to cause designated Options to qualify as Incentive Share Options, and to make all
other determinations necessary or advisable for administering the Plan. The Committee may correct any defect or supply any omission or
reconcile any inconsistency in any Award Agreement in the manner and to the extent it shall deem expedient to carry it into effect. The
determinations of the Committee on the matters referred to in this Article IV shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and all
Holders. 

Section
4.4. Delegation . The Committee may delegate to one or more officers or Directors of the Company, subject to such terms, conditions
and limitations as the Committee may establish, in its sole discretion, the authority to grant Awards; provided, however, that the Committee
shall not delegate such authority (i) with regard to grants of Awards to be made to officers of the Company or any Affiliate who are
subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, or (ii) in such a manner as would cause the Plan not to comply with the requirements of applicable
law or applicable exchange rules. 

Section
4.5. Power and Authority of the Board . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) the Board may, at any time
and from time to time, without any further action of the Committee, exercise the powers and duties of the Committee under the Plan, unless
the exercise of such powers and duties by the Board would cause the Plan not to comply with the requirements of Rule 16b-3, other applicable
law or applicable exchange rules, and (ii) only the Committee (or another committee of the Board comprised of directors who qualify as
independent directors within the meaning of the independence rules of any applicable securities exchange where the shares of Common Stock
are then listed) may grant Awards to Directors who are not also Employees. 

ARTICLE
V 

 SHARES
SUBJECT TO PLAN AND LIMITATIONS THEREON 

Section
5.1. Shares Grant and Award Limits . The Committee may from time to time grant Awards to one or more Employees, Directors and/or
Consultants determined by it to be eligible for participation in the Plan in accordance with the provisions of Article VI. Subject to
Article XIV, the aggregate number of Common Shares (including Common Shares underlying Options designated as Incentive Share Options)
that may be issued under the Plan shall not exceed the sum of (i) three million five hundred thousand 3,500,000) Common Shares
plus (ii) an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning January 1, 2023 and ending on and including January 1,
2031 equal to the lesser of (A) ten percent (10 of the Common Shares outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar
year, and (B) such smaller number of Common Shares as determined by the Board. The Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued under
the Plan solely to the extent actually issued and delivered pursuant to an Award. To the extent that an Award lapses, expires, is canceled,
is terminated unexercised or ceases to be exercisable for any reason, or the rights of its Holder terminate, any Common Stock subject
to such Award shall again be available for the grant of a new Award. 

Section
5.2. Common Stock Offered . The Common Stock to be offered pursuant to the grant of an Award may be authorized but unissued Common
Stock or Common Stock previously issued and outstanding and reacquired by the Company. 

Section
5.3. Limitations on Awards for Directors . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan, the sum of the grant date
fair value of equity-based Awards (such value computed as of the date of grant in accordance with applicable financial accounting rules)
and the amount of any cash-based compensation granted to a Director during any calendar year shall not exceed Three Hundred Thousand
Dollars 300,000). The independent members of the Board may make exceptions to this limit for a non-executive chair of the Board, provided
that the non-employee Director receiving such additional compensation may not participate in the decision to award such compensation. 

5 

ARTICLE
VI 

 ELIGIBILITY
FOR AWARDS 

Awards
made under the Plan may be granted solely to persons who, at the time of grant, are Employees, Directors or Consultants (or any such
person to whom an offer of employment or engagement with the Company or any Affiliate is extended). An eligible person must be a natural
person and may only be granted an Award in connection with the provision of services not related to capital raising or promoting or maintaining
a market for the Common Stock. An Award may be granted on more than one occasion to the same Employee, Director or Consultant, and, subject
to the limitations set forth in the Plan, such Award may include a Non-Qualified Share Option, a Restricted Share Award, an Unrestricted
Share Award, a Distribution Equivalent Right Award, a Performance Unit Award, a Share Appreciation Right, a Tandem Share Appreciation
Right, any combination thereof or, solely for Employees, an Incentive Share Option. 

ARTICLE
VII 

 OPTIONS 

Section
7.1. Option Period . The term of each Option shall be as specified in the Option Agreement; provided, however, that except as set
forth in Section 7.3, no Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date of its grant. 

Section
7.2. Limitations on Exercise of Option . An Option shall be exercisable in whole or in such installments and at such times as specified
in the Option Agreement. 

Section
7.3. Special Limitations on Incentive Share Options . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time
the respective Incentive Share Option is granted) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Share Options are exercisable for the
first time by an individual during any calendar year under all plans of the Company and any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation
thereof (both as defined in Section 424 of the Code) which provide for the grant of Incentive Share Options exceeds One Hundred Thousand
Dollars 100,000) (or such other individual limit as may be in effect under the Code on the date of grant), the portion of such Incentive
Share Options that exceeds such threshold shall be treated as Non-Qualified Share Options. Incentive Share Options shall be granted to
Employees only. The Committee shall determine, in accordance with applicable provisions of the Code, Treasury Regulations and other administrative
pronouncements, which of a Holder s Options, which were intended by the Committee to be Incentive Share Options when granted to
the Holder, will not constitute Incentive Share Options because of such limitation, and shall notify the Holder of such determination
as soon as practicable after such determination. No Incentive Share Option shall be granted to an Employee if, at the time the Incentive
Share Option is granted, such Employee is a Ten Percent Shareholder, unless (i) at the time such Incentive Share Option is granted the
Option price is at least one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Incentive Share Option,
and (ii) such Incentive Share Option by its terms is not exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years from the date of grant. No
Incentive Share Option shall be granted more than ten (10) years from the date on which the Plan is approved by the Company s stockholders.
The designation by the Committee of an Option as an Incentive Share Option shall not guarantee the Holder that the Option will satisfy
the applicable requirements for incentive stock option status under Section 422 of the Code. 

Section
7.4. Option Agreement . Each Option shall be evidenced by an Option Agreement in such form and containing such provisions not inconsistent
with the provisions of the Plan as the Committee from time to time shall approve, including, but not limited to, provisions intended
to qualify an Option as an Incentive Share Option. An Option Agreement may provide for the payment of the Option price, in whole or in
part, by the delivery of a number of Common Stock (plus cash if necessary) that have been owned by the Holder for at least six (6) months
and having a Fair Market Value equal to such Option price, or such other forms or methods as the Committee may determine from time to
time, in each case, subject to such rules and regulations as may be adopted by the Committee. Each Option Agreement shall specify the
effect of termination of employment, Director status or Consultant status on the exercisability of the Option. Moreover, without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, an Option Agreement may provide for a cashless exercise of the Option, in whole or in
part, by (a) establishing procedures whereby the Holder, by a properly-executed written notice, directs (i) an immediate market sale
or margin loan as to all or a part of Common Stock to which he is entitled to receive upon exercise of the Option, pursuant to an extension
of credit by the Company to the Holder of the Option price, (ii) the delivery of the Common Stock from the Company directly to a brokerage
firm, and (iii) the delivery of the Option price from sale or margin loan proceeds from the brokerage firm directly to the Company, or
(b) reducing the number of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise of the Option by the number of such Shares having an aggregate Fair
Market Value equal to the Option price (or portion thereof to be so paid) as of the date of the Option s exercise. Each Option
Agreement shall specify the effect of the termination of the Holder s employment, Director status or Consultant status on the exercisability
of the Option. An Option Agreement may also include provisions relating to (i) subject to the provisions hereof, accelerated vesting
of Options, including, but not limited to, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, (ii) tax matters (including provisions covering
any applicable Employee wage withholding requirements), and (iii) any other matters not inconsistent with the terms and provisions of
the Plan that the Committee shall, in its sole discretion, determine. The terms and conditions of the respective Option Agreements need
not be identical. 

6 

Section
7.5. Option Price and Payment . The price at which a Common Share may be purchased upon exercise of an Option shall be determined
by the Committee and shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a Common Share on the date of grant of such Option; provided, however,
that such Option price as determined by the Committee shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Article XIV. The Option price or
portion thereof shall be paid in full in the manner prescribed by the Committee as set forth in the Plan and the applicable Option Agreement,
which manner, with the consent of the Committee, may include the withholding of Common Stock otherwise issuable in connection with the
exercise of the Option, for purposes of Section 7.4(b). Separate share certificates shall be issued by the Company for those Common Stock
acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Incentive Share Option and for those Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of a Non-Qualified
Share Option. 

Section
7.6. Stockholder Rights and Privileges . The Holder of an Option shall be entitled to all the privileges and rights of a stockholder
of the Company solely with respect to such Common Stock as have been purchased under the Option and for which share certificates have
been registered in the Holder s name. 

Section
7.7. Options and Rights in Substitution for Stock or Share Options Granted by Other Corporations . Options may be granted under
the Plan from time to time in substitution for stock or share options held by individuals employed by entities who become Employees as
a result of a merger or consolidation of the employing entity with the Company or any Affiliate, or the acquisition by the Company or
an Affiliate of the assets of the employing entity or the acquisition by the Company or an Affiliate of stock or shares of the employing
entity with the result that such employing entity becomes an Affiliate. Notwithstanding Section 7.5, the Committee may designate a purchase
price below Fair Market Value on the date of grant if the Option is granted in substitution for a stock option previously granted by
an entity that is acquired by or merged with the Company or an Affiliate. 

Section
7.8. Prohibition Against Repricing . Except to the extent (i) approved in advance by holders of a majority of the shares of the
Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (ii) as a result of any Change of Control or any adjustment as provided
in Article XIV, the Committee shall not have the power or authority to reduce, whether through amendment or otherwise, the exercise price
under any outstanding Option or Share Appreciation Right, or to grant any new Award or make any payment of cash in substitution for or
upon the cancellation of Options and/or Share Appreciation Rights previously granted. 

ARTICLE
VIII 

 RESTRICTED
SHARE AWARDS 

Section
8.1. Restriction Period . At the time a Restricted Share Award is made, the Committee shall establish the Restriction Period applicable
to such Award. Each Restricted Share Award may have a different Restriction Period, in the discretion of the Committee. The Restriction
Period applicable to a particular Restricted Share Award shall not be changed except as permitted by Section 8.2. 

Section
8.2. Other Terms and Conditions . Common Stock awarded pursuant to a Restricted Share Award shall be represented by a share certificate
registered in the name of the Holder of such Restricted Share Award. If provided for under the Restricted Share Award Agreement, the
Holder shall have the right to vote Common Stock subject thereto and to enjoy all other stockholder rights, including the entitlement
to receive dividends on the Common Stock during the Restriction Period, except that (i) the Holder shall not be entitled to delivery
of the share certificate until the Restriction Period shall have expired, (ii) the Company shall retain custody of the share certificate
during the Restriction Period (with a share power endorsed by the Holder in blank), (iii) the Holder may not sell, transfer, pledge,
exchange, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Common Stock during the Restriction Period, and (iv) a breach of the terms and conditions
established by the Committee pursuant to the Restricted Share Award Agreement shall cause a forfeiture of the Restricted Share Award.
At the time of such Award, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, prescribe additional terms and conditions or restrictions relating
to Restricted Share Awards, including, but not limited to, rules pertaining to the effect of termination of employment, Director status
or Consultant status prior to expiration of the Restriction Period. Such additional terms, conditions or restrictions shall be set forth
in a Restricted Share Award Agreement made in conjunction with the Award. Such Restricted Share Award Agreement may also include provisions
relating to (i) subject to the provisions hereof, accelerated vesting of Awards, including, but not limited to, accelerated vesting upon
the occurrence of a Change of Control, (ii) tax matters (including provisions covering any applicable Employee wage withholding requirements),
and (iii) any other matters not inconsistent with the terms and provisions of the Plan that the Committee shall, in its sole discretion,
determine. The terms and conditions of the respective Restricted Share Agreements need not be identical. 

7 

Section
8.3. Payment for Restricted Shares . The Committee shall determine the amount and form of any payment from a Holder for Common
Stock received pursuant to a Restricted Share Award, if any, provided that in the absence of such a determination, a Holder shall not
be required to make any payment for Common Stock received pursuant to a Restricted Share Award, except to the extent otherwise required
by law. 

Section
8.4. Restricted Share Award Agreements . At the time any Award is made under this Article VIII, the Company and the Holder shall
enter into a Restricted Share Award Agreement setting forth each of the matters contemplated hereby and such other matters as the Committee
may determine to be appropriate. 

ARTICLE
IX 

 UNRESTRICTED
SHARE AWARDS 

Pursuant
to the terms of the applicable Unrestricted Share Award Agreement, a Holder may be awarded (or sold) Common Stock which are not subject
to Restrictions, in consideration for past services rendered thereby to the Company or an Affiliate or for other valid consideration. 

ARTICLE
X 

 RESTRICTED
SHARE UNIT AWARDS 

Section
10.1. Terms and Conditions . The Committee shall set forth in the applicable Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement the individual
service-based vesting requirement which the Holder would be required to satisfy before the Holder would become entitled to payment pursuant
to Section 10.2 and the number of Units awarded to the Holder. At the time of such Award, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
prescribe additional terms and conditions or restrictions relating to Restricted Share Unit Awards, including, but not limited to, rules
pertaining to the effect of termination of employment, Director status or Consultant status prior to expiration of the applicable vesting
period. The terms and conditions of the respective Restricted Share Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. 

Section
10.2. Payments . The Holder of a Restricted Share Unit shall be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value
of an Common Share, or one (1) Common Share, as determined, in the sole discretion, of the Committee and as set forth in the Restricted
Share Unit Award Agreement, for each Restricted Share Unit subject to such Restricted Share Unit Award, if the Holder satisfies the applicable
vesting requirement. 

ARTICLE
XI 

 PERFORMANCE
UNIT AWARDS 

Section
11.1. Terms and Conditions . The Committee shall set forth in the applicable Performance Unit Award Agreement the performance goals
and objectives (and the period of time to which such goals and objectives shall apply) which the Holder and/or the Company would be required
to satisfy before the Holder would become entitled to payment pursuant to Section 11.2, the number of Units awarded to the Holder and
the dollar value assigned to each such Unit. At the time of such Award, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, prescribe additional
terms and conditions or restrictions relating to Performance Unit Awards, including, but not limited to, rules pertaining to the effect
of termination of employment, Director status or Consultant status prior to expiration of the applicable performance period. The terms
and conditions of the respective Performance Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. 

8 

Section
11.2. Payments . The Holder of a Performance Unit shall be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the dollar value or number
of Common Shares assigned to such Unit under the applicable Performance Unit Award Agreement if the Holder and/or the Company satisfy
(or partially satisfy, if applicable under the applicable Performance Unit Award Agreement) the performance goals and objectives set
forth in such Performance Unit Award Agreement. 

ARTICLE
XII 

 DISTRIBUTION
EQUIVALENT RIGHTS 

Section
12.1. Terms and Conditions . The Committee shall set forth in the applicable Distribution Equivalent Rights Award Agreement the
terms and conditions applicable to such Award, including whether the Holder is to receive credits currently in cash, is to have such
credits reinvested (at Fair Market Value determined as of the date of reinvestment) in additional Common Stock or is to be entitled to
choose among such alternatives. Distribution Equivalent Rights Awards may be settled in cash or in Common Stock, as set forth in the
applicable Distribution Equivalent Rights Award Agreement. A Distribution Equivalent Rights Award may, but need not, be awarded in tandem
with another Award, whereby, if so awarded, such Distribution Equivalent Rights Award shall expire, terminate or be forfeited by the
Holder, as applicable, under the same conditions as under such other Award. 

Section
12.2. Interest Equivalents . The Distribution Equivalent Rights Award Agreement for a Distribution Equivalent Rights Award may
provide for the crediting of interest on a Distribution Rights Award to be settled in cash at a future date, at a rate set forth in the
applicable Distribution Equivalent Rights Award Agreement, on the amount of cash payable thereunder. 

ARTICLE
XIII 

 SHARE
APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

Section
13.1. Terms and Conditions . The Committee shall set forth in the applicable Share Appreciation Right Award Agreement the terms
and conditions of the Share Appreciation Right, including (i) the base value (the Base Value for the Share Appreciation
Right, which for purposes of a Share Appreciation Right which is not a Tandem Share Appreciation Right, shall be not less than the Fair
Market Value of a Common Share on the date of grant of the Share Appreciation Right (unless granted in substitution for an appreciation
right previously granted by an entity that is acquired by or merged with the Company or an Affiliate), (ii) the number of Common Stock
subject to the Share Appreciation Right, (iii) the period during which the Share Appreciation Right may be exercised; provided, however,
that no Share Appreciation Right shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date of its grant, and (iv) any
other special rules and/or requirements which the Committee imposes upon the Share Appreciation Right. Upon the exercise of some or all
of the portion of a Share Appreciation Right, the Holder shall receive a payment from the Company, in cash or in the form of Common Stock
having an equivalent Fair Market Value or in a combination of both, as determined, in the sole discretion of the Committee, equal to
the product of: 

(a)
The excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of a Common Share on the date of exercise, over (ii) the Base Value, multiplied by; 

(b)
The number of Common Stock with respect to which the Share Appreciation Right is exercised. 

Section
13.2. Tandem Share Appreciation Rights . If the Committee grants a Share Appreciation Right which is intended to be a
Tandem Share Appreciation Right, the Tandem Share Appreciation Right shall be granted at the same time as the related Option, and
the following special rules shall apply: 

(a)
The Base Value shall be equal to or greater than the per Common Share exercise price under the related Option; 

(b)
The Tandem Share Appreciation Right may be exercised for all or part of the Common Stock which are subject to the related Option, but
solely upon the surrender by the Holder of the Holder s right to exercise the equivalent portion of the related Option (and when
an Common Share is purchased under the related Option, an equivalent portion of the related Tandem Share Appreciation Right shall be
cancelled); 

9 

(c)
The Tandem Share Appreciation Right shall expire no later than the date of the expiration of the related Option; 

(d)
The value of the payment with respect to the Tandem Share Appreciation Right may be no more than one hundred percent (100 of the difference
between the per Common Share exercise price under the related Option and the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the related
Option at the time the Tandem Share Appreciation Right is exercised, multiplied by the number of the Common Stock with respect to which
the Tandem Share Appreciation Right is exercised; and 

(e)
The Tandem Share Appreciation Right may be exercised solely when the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the related Option
exceeds the per Common Share exercise price under the related Option. 

ARTICLE
XIV 

 RECAPITALIZATION
OR REORGANIZATION 

Section
14.1. Adjustments to Common Stock . The shares with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan are Common Stock as presently
constituted; provided, however, that if, and whenever, prior to the expiration or distribution to the Holder of Common Stock underlying
an Award theretofore granted, the Company shall effect a subdivision or consolidation of the Common Stock or the payment of a Common
Share dividend on Common Stock without receipt of consideration by the Company, the number of Common Stock with respect to which such
Award may thereafter be exercised or satisfied, as applicable, (i) in the event of an increase in the number of outstanding Common Stock,
shall be proportionately increased, and the purchase price per Common Share shall be proportionately reduced, and (ii) in the event of
a reduction in the number of outstanding Common Stock, shall be proportionately reduced, and the purchase price per Common Share shall
be proportionately increased. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Article XIV, any adjustment made with respect
to an Award (x) which is an Incentive Share Option, shall comply with the requirements of Section 424(a) of the Code, and in no event
shall any adjustment be made which would render any Incentive Share Option granted under the Plan to be other than an incentive
stock option for purposes of Section 422 of the Code, and (y) which is a Non-Qualified Share Option, shall comply with the requirements
of Section 409A of the Code, and in no event shall any adjustment be made which would render any Non-Qualified Share Option granted under
the Plan to become subject to Section 409A of the Code. 

Section
14.2. Recapitalization . If the Company recapitalizes or otherwise changes its capital structure, thereafter upon any exercise
or satisfaction, as applicable, of a previously granted Award, the Holder shall be entitled to receive (or entitled to purchase, if applicable)
under such Award, in lieu of the number of Common Stock then covered by such Award, the number and class of shares and securities to
which the Holder would have been entitled pursuant to the terms of the recapitalization if, immediately prior to such recapitalization,
the Holder had been the holder of record of the number of Common Stock then covered by such Award. 

Section
14.3. Other Events . In the event of changes to the outstanding Common Stock by reason of extraordinary cash dividend, reorganization,
mergers, consolidations, combinations, split-ups, spin-offs, exchanges, stock split, reverse stock split or other relevant changes in
capitalization occurring after the date of the grant of any Award and not otherwise provided for under this Article XIV, any outstanding
Awards and any Award Agreements evidencing such Awards shall be adjusted by the Committee, in such manner as the Committee shall deem
equitable or appropriate taking into consideration the applicable accounting and tax consequences, as to the number and price of Common
Stock or other consideration subject to such Awards. In the event of any adjustment pursuant to Sections 14.1, 14.2 or this Section 14.3,
the aggregate number of Common Stock available under the Plan pursuant to Section 5.1 may be appropriately adjusted by the Committee,
the determination of which shall be conclusive. In addition, the Committee may make provision for a cash payment to a Holder or a person
who has an outstanding Award. The number of Common Stock subject to any Award shall be rounded to the nearest whole number. 

Section
14.4. Powers Not Affected . The existence of the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect in any way the right or
power of the Board or of the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other
change of the Company s capital structure or business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of debt or equity
securities ahead of or affecting Common Stock or the rights thereof, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any sale, lease,
exchange or other disposition of all or any part of its assets or business or any other corporate act or proceeding. 

10 

Section
14.5. No Adjustment for Certain Awards . Except as hereinabove expressly provided, the issuance by the Company of shares of any
class or securities convertible into shares of any class, for cash, property, labor or services, upon direct sale, upon the exercise
of rights or warrants to subscribe therefor or upon conversion of shares or obligations of the Company convertible into such shares or
other securities, and in any case whether or not for fair value, shall not affect previously granted Awards, and no adjustment by reason
thereof shall be made with respect to the number of Common Stock subject to Awards theretofore granted or the purchase price per Common
Share, if applicable. 

ARTICLE
XV 

 AMENDMENT
AND TERMINATION OF PLAN 

The
Plan shall continue in effect, unless sooner terminated pursuant to this Article XV, until the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date on
which it is adopted by the Board (except as to Awards outstanding on that date). The Board, in its discretion, may terminate the Plan
at any time with respect to any shares for which Awards have not theretofore been granted; provided, however, that the Plan s termination
shall not materially and adversely impair the rights of a Holder with respect to any Award theretofore granted without the consent of
the Holder. The Board shall have the right to alter or amend the Plan or any part hereof from time to time; provided, however, stockholder
approval shall be required for ay modification of the Plan that (i) requires stockholder approval under the rules or regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission or any securities exchange applicable to the Company, (ii) increases the number of shares authorized
under the Plan as specified in Section 5.1, (iii) increases the dollar limitation specified in Section 5.4, or (iv) amends, modifies
or suspends Section 7.8 (repricing prohibitions) or this Article XV. In addition, unless otherwise permitted under the Award Agreement,
no change in any Award theretofore granted may be made which would materially and adversely impair the rights of a Holder with respect
to such Award without the consent of the Holder. 

ARTICLE
XVI 

 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section
16.1. No Right to Award . Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Company nor any action of the Board or the Committee shall be
deemed to give an Employee, Director or Consultant any right to an Award except as may be evidenced by an Award Agreement duly executed
on behalf of the Company, and then solely to the extent and on the terms and conditions expressly set forth therein. 

Section
16.2. No Rights Conferred . Nothing contained in the Plan shall (i) confer upon any Employee any right with respect to continuation
of employment with the Company or any Affiliate, (ii) interfere in any way with any right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate
the employment of an Employee at any time, (iii) confer upon any Director any right with respect to continuation of such Director s
membership on the Board, (iv) interfere in any way with any right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate a Director s membership
on the Board at any time, (v) confer upon any Consultant any right with respect to continuation of such Consultant s consulting
engagement with the Company or any Affiliate, or (vi) interfere in any way with any right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate
a Consultant s consulting engagement with the Company or an Affiliate at any time. 

Section
16.3. Other Laws; No Fractional Shares; Withholding . The Company shall not be obligated by virtue of any provision of the Plan
to recognize the exercise of any Award or to otherwise sell or issue Common Stock in violation of any laws, rules or regulations, and
any postponement of the exercise or settlement of any Award under this provision shall not extend the term of such Award. Neither the
Company nor its directors or officers shall have any obligation or liability to a Holder with respect to any Award (or Common Stock issuable
thereunder) (i) that shall lapse because of such postponement, or (ii) for any failure to comply with the requirements of any applicable
law, rules or regulations, including, but not limited to, any failure to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of this Code. No
fractional Common Stock shall be delivered, nor shall any cash in lieu of fractional Common Stock be paid. The Company shall have the
right to deduct in cash (whether under this Plan or otherwise) in connection with all Awards any taxes required by law to be withheld
and to require any payments required to enable it to satisfy its withholding obligations. In the case of any Award satisfied in the form
of Common Stock, no Common Stock shall be issued unless and until arrangements satisfactory to the Company shall have been made to satisfy
any tax withholding obligations applicable with respect to such Award. Subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee may impose,
the Company shall have the right to retain, or the Committee may, subject to such terms and conditions as it may establish from time
to time, permit Holders to elect to tender, Common Stock (including Common Stock issuable in respect of an Award) to satisfy, in whole
or in part, the amount required to be withheld. 

11 

Section
16.4. No Restriction on Corporate Action . Nothing contained in the Plan shall be construed to prevent the Company or any Affiliate
from taking any corporate action which is deemed by the Company or such Affiliate to be appropriate or in its best interest, whether
or not such action would have an adverse effect on the Plan or any Award made under the Plan. No Employee, Director, Consultant, beneficiary
or other person shall have any claim against the Company or any Affiliate as a result of any such action. 

Section
16.5. Restrictions on Transfer . No Award under the Plan or any Award Agreement and no rights or interests herein or therein, shall
or may be assigned, transferred, sold, exchanged, encumbered, pledged or otherwise hypothecated or disposed of by a Holder except (i)
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, or (ii) except for an Incentive Share Option, by gift to any Family Member of the
Holder. An Award may be exercisable during the lifetime of the Holder only by such Holder or by the Holder s guardian or legal
representative unless it has been transferred by gift to a Family Member of the Holder, in which case it shall be exercisable solely
by such transferee. Notwithstanding any such transfer, the Holder shall continue to be subject to the withholding requirements provided
for under Section 16.3 hereof. 

Section
16.6. Beneficiary Designations . The Committee may also establish procedures as it deems appropriate for a Holder to designate
a person or persons, as beneficiary or beneficiaries, to exercise the rights of the Holder and receive any property distributable with
respect to any Award in the event of the Holder s death. In the absence of any such written beneficiary designation, for purposes
of the Plan, a Holder s beneficiary shall be the Holder s estate. 

Section
16.7. Rule 16b-3 . It is intended that the Plan and any Award made to a person subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall
meet all of the requirements of Rule 16b-3. If any provision of the Plan or of any such Award would disqualify the Plan or such Award
under, or would otherwise not comply with the requirements of, Rule 16b-3, such provision or Award shall be construed or deemed to have
been amended as necessary to conform to the requirements of Rule 16b-3. 

Section
16.8. Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award to the contrary, to the extent that any amount or benefit
that constitutes deferred compensation to a Holder under Section 409A of the Code and applicable guidance thereunder is
otherwise payable or distributable to a Holder under the Plan or any Award solely by reason of the occurrence of a change in control
event or due to the Holder s disability or separation from service (as such term is defined under Section 409A of
the Code), such amount or benefit will not be payable or distributable to the Holder by reason of such circumstance unless the Committee
determines in good faith that (i) the circumstances giving rise to such change in control event, disability or separation from service
meet the definition of a change in control event, disability or separation from service, as the case may be, in Section 409A of the Code
and applicable proposed or final regulations, or (ii) the payment or distribution of such amount or benefit would be exempt from the
application of Section 409A of the Code by reason of the short-term deferral exemption or otherwise. Any payment or distribution that
otherwise would be made to a Holder who is a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A of the Code) on account
of separation from service may not be made before the date which is six (6) months after the date of the specified employee s separation
from service (or if earlier, upon the specified employee s death) unless the payment or distribution is exempt from the application
of Section 409A of the Code by reason of the short-term deferral exemption or otherwise. 

Section
16.9. Indemnification . Each person who is or shall have been a member of the Board or of the Committee shall be indemnified and
held harmless by the Company against and from any loss, cost, liability or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred thereby
in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit or proceeding to which such person may be made a party or may be involved
by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid thereby in settlement thereof,
with the Company s approval, or paid thereby in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding against such
person; provided, however, that such person shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same
before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive
and shall be independent of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Company s Articles
of Incorporation or By-laws, by contract, as a matter of law, or otherwise. 

12 

Section
16.10. Other Plans . No Award, payment or amount received hereunder shall be taken into account in computing an Employee s
salary or compensation for the purposes of determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, life insurance or other benefit plan
of the Company or any Affiliate, unless such other plan specifically provides for the inclusion of such Award, payment or amount received.
Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to limit the right of the Company to establish other plans or to pay compensation to its employees,
directors and other service providers, in cash or property, in a manner which is not expressly authorized under the Plan. 

Section
16.11. Limits of Liability . Any liability of the Company with respect to an Award shall be based solely upon the contractual obligations
created under the Plan and the Award Agreement. None of the Company, any member of the Board nor any member of the Committee shall have
any liability to any party for any action taken or not taken, in good faith, in connection with or under the Plan. 

Section
16.12. Governing Law . Except as otherwise provided herein, the Plan shall be construed in accordance with Delaware law, without
regard to principles of conflicts of law. 

Section
16.13. Severability of Provisions . If any provision of the Plan is held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability
shall not affect any other provision of the Plan, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such invalid or unenforceable provision
had not been included in the Plan. 

Section
16.14. No Funding . The Plan shall be unfunded. The Company shall not be required to establish any special or separate fund or
to make any other segregation of funds or assets to ensure the payment of any Award. 

Section
16.15. Headings . Headings used throughout the Plan are for convenience only and shall not be given legal significance. 

Section
16.16. Terms of Award Agreements . Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement. The terms of the Award Agreements utilized
under the Plan need not be the same. 

13 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries 
 
 State
 of Incorporation 

KSIX Media, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

KSIX, LLC 
 
 Nevada 

Surge Blockchain, LLC 
 
 Nevada 

DigitizeIQ, LLC 
 
 Illinois 

Surge Cryptocurrency Mining, Inc., 
 
 Nevada 

LogicsIQ Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

Torch
 Wireless 
 
 Wyoming 

Surge Payments, LLC 
 
 Nevada 

Surgephone Wireless, LLC 
 
 Nevada 

SurgePays Fintech, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

ECS
 Prepaid, LLC 
 
 Missouri 

Central
 States Legal Services, Inc. 
 
 Missouri 

Electronic
 Check Services, Inc. 
 
 Missouri 

Injury
 Survey, LLC 
 
 Nevada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
 OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A), 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Kevin Brian Cox, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SurgePays, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly for the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability
 to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses
 in internal controls; and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Kevin Brian Cox 

Kevin Brian Cox 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
 OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A), 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Anthony Evers, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SurgePays, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly for the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability
 to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses
 in internal controls; and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Anthony Evers 

Anthony
 Evers 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of SurgePays, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Kevin Brian Cox, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 Such
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material
 respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kevin Brian Cox 

Kevin Brian Cox 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of SurgePays, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Anthony Evers, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 Such
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material
 respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Anthony Evers 

Anthony Evers 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 surg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 surg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 surg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 surg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

