<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_844887_0001493152-23-009692.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6430934</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>221958</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1030929</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2113422</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1395292</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1541326</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009692.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330144944
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009692
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DIAMONDHEAD CASINO CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000844887
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS & MOTELS [7011]
		IRS NUMBER:				592935476
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17529
		FILM NUMBER:		23779956

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1013 PRINCESS STREET
		CITY:			ALEXANDRIA,
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22314
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-683-6800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1013 PRINCESS STREET
		CITY:			ALEXANDRIA,
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22314

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EUROPA CRUISES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009692.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

COMMISSION
FILE NO: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
of 
 Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code: 
 / 
 
 Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by references in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company 
Emerging growth company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

The
aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Company based on the closing price of the stock on the
over-the-counter market at June 30, 2022 was . 

The
number of common shares issued and outstanding as of March 29, 2023: 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 12 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 

Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 15 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 19 

Item
 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 19 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 20 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 24 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 27 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 29 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 32 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 32 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 34 

Signatures 
 35 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, for which the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor. These forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements about our plans, objectives, representations and intentions and are not historical facts and typically
are identified by use of terms such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, 
 plans, intends, objectives, goals, aims, projects, 
 forecasts, possible, seeks, may, could, should, might, 
 likely, enable, or similar words or expressions, as well as statements containing phrases such as in
our view, there can be no assurance, although no assurance can be given, or there is no way
to anticipate with certainty. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding our ability to implement our
business plan and business strategy, our ability to obtain financing to sustain the Company, our ability to finance any future development,
construction or operations, our ability to attract key personnel, and our ability to operate profitably in the future. These forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties which could cause
our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. In evaluating these forward-looking statements,
you should consider risks and uncertainties relating to various factors, including, but not limited to, financing, licensing, construction
and development, competition, legal actions, federal, state, county and/or city government actions, the passage of statutes, rules and
regulations, general financing conditions, and general economic conditions. 

The
Company s actual results may differ significantly from results projected in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation
to revise or update forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

Throughout
this Annual Report references to we, our, us, Diamondhead Casino Corporation, 
the Company, and similar terms refer to Diamondhead Casino Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless the context
indicates otherwise. 

Part
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

The
Company is a Delaware corporation which was incorporated on November 15, 1988, under the name Europa Cruises Corporation. 
In 1989, the Company became a publicly-held company. On November 22, 2002, the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to change
its name to Diamondhead Casino Corporation. The Company currently has three subsidiaries: Mississippi Gaming Corporation,
Casino World, Inc. and Europasky Corporation. 

The
Company has no current operations in any state. The Company has had no income or revenue from any operations since 2000. The Company
currently has only one employee who serves in an executive officer capacity. 

For
the years ending December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company s limited resources were devoted to the preparation and filing
of its periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission and with its efforts to obtain financing and/or a joint venture partner. 

Mississippi 

The
Company owns, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Mississippi Gaming Corporation, an approximate 400-acre undeveloped property located
at 7051 Interstate 10, Diamondhead, Mississippi 39525 (hereafter the Diamondhead Property or the Property ).
The Company s intent was and is to construct a casino resort and other amenities on the Property unilaterally or in conjunction
with one or more joint venture partners. However, the Company has been unable, to date, to obtain financing to move the project forward
and/or enter into a joint venture partnership. There can be no assurance that the substantial funds required for the design and construction
of the project can be obtained or that such funds can be obtained on acceptable terms. In addition, the Company requires additional financing
to sustain the Company. Due to its lack of financial resources , the Company was forced to explore other alternatives, including a sale
of part or all of the Property. The Company s preference is to sell only part of the Property inasmuch as this would appear to
be in the best interest of the stockholders of the Company. However, there can be no assurance the Company will be able to sell only
part of the Property. The Company intends to continue to pursue a joint venture partnership and/or other financing while seeking a viable
purchaser for part or all of the Property. Finally, there can be no assurance that if the requisite financing for the project were obtained
and the project were constructed, that the project would be successful. 

The
Company has no current operations in Mississippi, no offices in Mississippi, and no employees in Mississippi. 

1 

Property
Zoning 

The
Diamondhead Property is located entirely within the City of Diamondhead which is in Hancock County, Mississippi. The City of Diamondhead
incorporated in February of 2012. On October 15, 2012, the Mayor and City Council adopted a Zoning Ordinance in which the City of Diamondhead
zoned the entire Property as C-2-Interstate Commercial/Gaming/Resort. Thus, the requisite City zoning for a casino is in
place. 

Land-Based
Gaming 

All
references in this section to Mississippi law are qualified in their entirety by reference to the actual text of the law. 

On
August 29, 2005, Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf coast of the United States causing extensive damage to Louisiana and Mississippi,
including Biloxi, Gulfport, and Bay St. Louis, Mississippi. Hurricane Katrina damaged or destroyed most of the casinos on the Gulf coast.
Prior to Hurricane Katrina, Mississippi law required that casinos on the Gulf coast be built in, on, or above the water and be located
a minimum of fifty percent below mean high tide. 

On
October 17, 2005, in response to the devastation caused by Hurricane Katrina, Mississippi passed new legislation that allows casinos
located in certain statutorily-described areas, including St. Louis Bay, where the Diamondhead Property is located, to be constructed
on land no more than 800 feet from the mean high-water line. Under Mississippi s new legislation, the part of the structure in
which licensed gaming activities are conducted must be located entirely in an area which is located no more than eight hundred (800)
feet from the mean high-water line (as defined in Section 29-15-1 of the Mississippi Code) of the waters within the State of Mississippi,
which lie adjacent to the State of Mississippi south of the three (3) most southern counties in the State of Mississippi, including the
Mississippi Sound, St. Louis Bay, Biloxi Bay and Pascagoula Bay or, with regard to Harrison County only, no farther north than the southern
boundary of the right-of-way for U.S. Highway 90, whichever is greater. In the case of a structure that is located in whole or part on
shore, the part of the structure in which licensed gaming activities are conducted must lie adjacent to state waters south of the three
(3) most southern counties in the State of Mississippi, including the Mississippi Sound, St. Louis Bay, Biloxi Bay and Pascagoula Bay.
When the site upon which the structure is located consists of a parcel of real property, easements and rights-of-way for public streets
and highways are not construed to interrupt the contiguous nature of the parcel, nor is the footage contained within the easements and
rights-of-way counted in the calculation of the distances specified above. 

The
Company intends to take full advantage of this legislation and will construct its casino/hotel resort on land. 

Annual
In-Lieu Tidelands Assessment for Casino Constructed on Land 

Since
the Company intends to construct a casino on land in Mississippi, the Company will no longer require a tidelands lease from the Secretary
of State. Under Mississippi s prior law, which required that the Company s casino be in, on, or above water and a minimum
of fifty percent at or below mean high tide, the Company would have required a tidelands lease to lease water-bottoms owned by the State. 

However,
on or about October 17, 2005, when Mississippi passed new legislation permitting casinos to be built on land in certain locations, Mississippi
also passed a companion law that requires any person possessing a license under the Mississippi Gaming Control Act, who operates a gaming
establishment in any of the three most southern counties of the State (including Hancock County in which the Company s Property
is located), and who does not lease public trust tidelands from the State, to pay an annual in-lieu tidelands assessment to the Public
Trust Tidelands Assessments Fund. For calendar year 2006, the annual in-lieu tidelands assessment was between 400,000 and 750,000,
based on an escalating scale which is measured by the capital investment in the part of the structure in which the licensed gaming activities
are conducted. For each calendar year thereafter, the Secretary of State is required to review and adjust the value of the capital investment
and the annual in-lieu tidelands assessment due. Such review and adjustment shall be tied to the Consumer Price Index. 

This
annual in-lieu tidelands assessment will apply to any casino constructed on land on the Diamondhead Property, but does not apply at present
and will not apply prior to construction. 

Mississippi
Gaming Site Approval 

In
the State of Mississippi, in addition to the required local casino zoning which is already in place, a proposed gaming site must obtain
Gaming Site Approval. Only the Mississippi Gaming Commission has the authority to grant Gaming Site Approval. On or about May 29, 2014,
Mississippi Gaming Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, which holds title to the Diamondhead Property, applied for
Gaming Site Approval for a fifty (50) acre site on the Diamondhead Property. In its Notice of Intent, Mississippi Gaming Corporation
anticipated that the casino would contain approximately 1250 slot machines and approximately 40 table games and contain an estimated
80,000 square feet of gaming space. On August 21, 2014, the Mississippi Gaming Commission granted Gaming Site Approval to Mississippi
Gaming Corporation for a fifty-acre site on the east side of the Diamondhead Property. There is no expiration date for Gaming Site Approval. 

2 

In
granting Mississippi Gaming Corporation Gaming Site Approval, the Mississippi Gaming Commission found, in pertinent part, as follows:
1) that in accordance with the Mississippi Gaming Control Act of 1990, codified as Miss. Code Ann. 75-76-1 et seq., Miss. Code
Ann. 19-3-79, and Miss. Code Ann. 97-33-1, as amended, the citizens of Hancock County, Mississippi voted to authorize gaming
in Hancock County, and thus gaming is legal at qualifying locations within Hancock County, Mississippi; that the proposed gaming area
is within 800 feet of the mean high water line of the Bay of St. Louis and is thus a legal gaming site under the Mississippi Control
Act of 1990, as amended, and 13 Mississippi Administrative Code Part 2 Rule 2.2(a)(1) and (3); and that the Proposed Site is properly
zoned for gaming. 

There
is no expiration date attached to the Gaming Site Approval obtained from the Mississippi Gaming Commission in 2014. Once the Mississippi
Gaming Commission grants a casino company Approval to Proceed with Development, the company then has three years within which to construct
its casino and required facilities. Mississippi Gaming Corporation has not applied for Approval to Proceed with Development. Thus, this
three year period of time has not yet even begun to run. 

Additional
Permits, Authorizations and Approvals Are Required 

In
addition to Gaming Site Approval, the development of the Diamondhead Property requires the Company to obtain additional permits, authorizations
and approvals from various federal, state, county, and/or city agencies, boards and commissions, which may include, but not be limited
to, the following: Mississippi Gaming Commission, Mississippi Department of Transportation, Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality,
Mississippi Department of Marine Resources, Port and Harbor Commission, Levee Board, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, U.S. Coast Guard, Hancock County, and/or the City of Diamondhead. The regulatory environment
relating to such permits, authorizations and approvals is uncertain and subject to constant change. There can be no assurance that all
permits, authorizations and/or approvals can be obtained, or that if obtained, that they will be renewed. While there is no pending environmental
litigation, the foregoing permits, authorizations and approvals remain subject to future litigation and the actions of environmental
groups and various federal, state, county and/or local governments and agencies, including, but not limited to, the foregoing. The Company
will be required to spend significant funds to pay the architects, surveyors, engineers, accountants, attorneys, consultants and other
experts required to prepare and process the applications required for the permits, authorizations and approvals required. The amount
ultimately required is unknown at this time, but the Company does not have any funds required for this purpose. There can be no assurance
the Company will be able to obtain the funds required for this purpose or that it will be able to obtain the funds required on acceptable
terms. 

Uncertain
Regulatory and Political Environment 

The
political environment in which the Company and/or its subsidiaries intend to operate is also uncertain, dynamic and subject to rapid
change. Existing operators often propose and support legislation and/or litigation designed to make it difficult or impossible for competition
to enter a market. This political and regulatory environment makes it impossible to predict the effects that the adoption of and changes
in gaming laws, rules and regulations and/or competition will have on development of a gaming resort. Moreover, legislatures in states
in which gaming is legal often consider wide-ranging legislation and regulations which could adversely affect operations and expected
revenues. Likewise, the federal government often considers legislation which could adversely affect operations and expected revenues.
Some states have legalized internet gaming and the trend to legalize internet gaming in the remaining states is strong. The long term
effects of legalizing internet gaming on the casino industry in general and on the Company s proposed casino operations are unknown. 

Anti-Gaming
Referenda 

On
at least three separate occasions since 1998, certain anti-gaming groups have proposed referenda that, if adopted, would have banned
gaming in Mississippi and required that gaming entities cease operations within two years after the ban. All three of the proposed referenda
were ruled illegal by Mississippi State trial courts. If such a referendum were to be approved by the voters, it would have a material
adverse effect on the Company. 

Mississippi
Regulation 

The
Company has no current operations in Mississippi and does not operate any gaming facility in Mississippi. The Company intends to develop
the Diamondhead property as a destination casino resort with supporting amenities. 

Assuming
it is successful in developing its resort, the Company and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates will be subject to federal, state, county,
city and local, laws, rules, ordinances and regulations with respect to the operation of any gaming facility. The following is intended
to serve as a partial description of the Mississippi regulatory environment in which the Company or its subsidiaries or joint venture
partner(s) would seek approvals to construct and operate a gaming facility and is not intended to be a complete, precise, or up-to-date
recitation of all applicable laws, rules, regulations or ordinances that might affect the Company s operations or with which the
Company would be required to comply. Additional or more restrictive laws, rules and regulations could be adopted at any time or gambling
in Mississippi could be completely banned. 

3 

The
location of, ownership of, and operation of gaming facilities in Mississippi are subject to extensive state and local regulation, primarily
through the licensing and control of the Mississippi Gaming Commission and the Mississippi State Tax Commission. The Company and/or its
subsidiaries must register and be licensed under the Mississippi Gaming Control Act and its gaming operations will be subject to the
regulatory control of the Mississippi Gaming Commission, the Mississippi State Tax Commission and various state, county and local regulatory
agencies. 

The
Mississippi Gaming Control Act gives the Mississippi Gaming Commission (the Commission extensive power to enforce the
Act and adopt regulations in furtherance of the Act (the Mississippi Regulations ). The laws, regulations and supervisory
procedures of Mississippi and the Mississippi Gaming Commission seek to: (1) prevent unsavory or unsuitable persons from having any direct
or indirect involvement with gaming at any time or in any capacity; (2) establish and maintain responsible accounting practices and procedures;
(3) maintain effective control over the financial practices of licensees, including establishing minimum procedures for internal fiscal
affairs and safeguarding of assets and revenues, providing reliable record keeping and making periodic reports to the Mississippi Gaming
Commission; (4) prevent cheating and fraudulent practices; (5) provide a source of state and local revenues through taxation and licensing
fees; and (6) ensure that gaming licensees, to the extent practicable, employ Mississippi residents. The regulations are subject to amendment
and interpretation by the Commission. Changes in Mississippi law or the regulations or the Commission s interpretation thereof
may limit or otherwise materially affect the types of gaming that may be conducted and could have a material adverse effect on Mississippi
gaming operations. 

Approval
Process 

The
Commission has divided the approval process into two separate phases: (1) gaming site approval; and (2) approval to proceed with development. 

1.
Gaming Site Approval 

Mississippi
Gaming Corporation, which holds title to the Property and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, obtained Gaming Site Approval
on August 21, 2014. There is no expiration date on Gaming Site Approval. With respect to gaming site approval, approval constitutes only
the Commission s finding that the location complies with applicable gaming laws and regulations. Gaming site approval does not
entitle the recipient to proceed with development, nor does it constitute a license to engage in gaming or a right to a gaming license.
Gaming site approval is a revocable privilege and no holder acquires any vested right therein. The Mississippi Gaming Commission reserves
the right to revoke any site approval should the circumstances change that would make the site illegal or unsuitable. 

An
application for gaming site approval in the three most southern counties must include evidence satisfactory to the Commission in support
thereof including: (1) a survey indicating the specific location of the property; (2) the current use of any adjacent property as well
as the location of the nearest residential area, church and school; (3) evidence that all applicable zoning ordinances allow gaming at
the proposed site; and (4) a survey establishing the mean high water line, performed by a qualified surveyor for performance of tidal
surveys. 

Gaming
establishments in the three most southern counties in the State of Mississippi, including Hancock County, are permitted to be permanent
inland structures. No point in the gaming area may be more than eight hundred (800) feet from the nineteen (19) year mean high water
line. Harrison County establishments south of Highway 90 may exceed the eight hundred (800) foot measurement up to the southern boundary
of Highway 90. All public easements and rights-of-way for public streets and highways are excluded from the 800-foot measurement. Any
point of reference used to determine the 800 foot distance from the mean high water line must be located on the applicant or licensee s
premises. The applicant or licensee must own and/or lease the land that is contiguous both to the parcel used to conduct gaming and the
point of reference used to determine the mean high water line, and this land must be shown to be an integral part of the project. The
Commission has final authority in reviewing and approving each site as it pertains to meeting the requirements of this regulation. 

4 

2.
Approval to Proceed with Development 

With
respect to obtaining the Commission s approval to proceed with development, the following information, together with documentation
to support this information, must be submitted to the Commission: 

1)
Architectural plans or renderings showing details of all proposed construction and renovation for the project, together with a footprint
of the project and a description of the construction and type of parking facilities, as well as parking lot capacity. Commission approval
requires that the project include a 500-car, or larger parking facility in close proximity to the casino complex, and infrastructure
facilities shall include a 300-room, or larger hotel of at least a three-diamond rating as defined by an acceptable travel publication
to be determined by the Commission. In addition, infrastructure facilities must include a restaurant capable of seating at least 200
people and a fine dining facility capable of seating at least 75 people, and the casino floor must be at least 40,000 square feet. The
project will also have or support an amenity that will be unique to the market and will encourage economic development and promote tourism.
The Commission will have authority in determining the quality of the amenity and the ultimate approval of the amenity, and may, in its
discretion, reduce the requirements above should it determine that there is a justification to do so in certain markets. The Commission
will further determine, in its discretion, if the prerequisite hotel and dining facilities may be supplanted by an amenity of high value
to the overall tourism market in that the amenity will likely encourage economic development and promote tourism. As used herein, infrastructure
facilities are not such items as parking facilities, roads, sewage and water systems, or civic facilities normally provided by cities
and/or counties. 

The
qualifying infrastructure must be owned or leased by; (i) the holder of the site approval, or (ii) an affiliated company of the holder
of the site approval where both the affiliated company and the holder of the site approval have identical direct or indirect equity ownership.
This regulation shall apply to any new applicant for a gaming license for a new gaming facility and to the acquisition or purchase of
a licensee or gaming facility for which gaming operations have ceased prior to the time of acquisition or purchase. It does not apply
to any licensee, who has been licensed by the Commission, or to any person which has received Approval to Proceed with Development from
the Commission prior to December 31, 2013 (or to such licensee upon any licensing renewal after such date.) 

Any
change to the plan, or placement or design of the establishment, cruise vessel or vessel, shall be submitted in advance to the Executive
Director for determination of whether such a change constitutes a material change. If the Executive Director determines that a material
change has occurred, Commission approval is required for same. 

2)
Statements reflecting the total estimated cost of construction or renovation of the establishment, vessel, or cruise vessel and shore
and dock facilities, distinguishing between known costs and projections, and separately identifying: facility design expense; land acquisition
costs; site preparation costs; construction costs or renovation costs; equipment acquisition costs; costs of interim financing; organization,
administrative and legal expenses; projected permanent financing costs; qualified infrastructure costs; and non-qualifying infrastructure
costs. 

3)
A construction schedule for completion of the project, including an estimated date of project completion, indicating whether a performance
bond will be required by the applicant to be furnished by the contractor. 

4)
Current financial statements, including, at a minimum, a balance sheet and profit and loss statement for the proposed licensee. 

5)
A detailed statement of the sources of funds for all construction and renovation proposed by the site development plans. Any funding,
whether equity or debt, to be obtained, must be supported by firm written commitments satisfactory to the Commission. The applicant will
have 120 days in which to close all financing and start construction or the approval is deemed void. 

6)
Evidence that the following agencies (if applicable) were notified of the development and/or do not oppose the site development: U.S.
Corps of Engineers, U.S. Coast Guard, Mississippi Department of Transportation, Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality, Department
of Marine Resources, Port and Harbor Commission, Levee Board, City and County government, and such other agencies as the Executive Director
deems appropriate. 

The
application for a Gaming Operator s License must be filed no later than ninety (90) days after the Commission grants approval to
proceed with development. The gaming site approval will expire three (3) years from the date approval to proceed with development is
granted unless the Commission grants an extension. Approval to proceed with development is not subject to sale, assignment or transfer. 

Opening
of a Casino 

Before
any gaming facility may open to the public, all infrastructure requirements must be fully operational. The development shall be completed
in accordance with the approved plan and be ready for operation within the gaming site approval time period. Gaming site approval may
be extended within the discretion of the Commission. 

Application
Information Required is Extensive and Must be Complete and Accurate 

In
addition to other information required by law and Commission regulations, an applicant must provide complete information regarding the
proposed operation, including but not limited to, a certification that any establishment to be used by the proposed operation has been
inspected and approved by all appropriate authorities; fingerprints for each individual applicant; the nature, source, and amount of
any financing; the proposed uses of all available funds; the amount of funds available after opening for the actual operation of the
establishment; and economic projections for the first three years of operation of the establishment. Each applicant must provide complete
information regarding his or her background for the ten-year period preceding submission of the application. 

5 

Every
application to become a license holder must contain the following additional information: actual establishment blueprints, including
a layout of each floor stating the projected use of each area; the number of miles from the nearest population center and a description
of transportation facilities serving that population center, a description of the casino size and configuration of slot machines, video
games of chance and table games; a description of the availability of fire protection and the adequacy of law enforcement at the establishment
and emergency evacuation plans for hurricane and flooding disasters; a description of the arrangements for food and drink concessions,
the names and addresses of the concessionaires and the terms of the concession contracts, if applicable; the type of slot machines and
video games of chance to be used and the proposed distributors and manufacturers of this equipment; a description of the physical location,
size and floor plan of the section of the establishment reserved for patrons under 21 years of age and plans for activities and staffing
for this section; periods of time that the gaming areas will be in operation; a description of the proposed management of the facility,
management personnel by function, and tip distribution policies; all known feasibility studies made available to the applicant which
have been done on the type of gaming in the particular locale where the applicant intends to conduct gaming, and a description of procurement
policies that emphasize the utilization of Mississippi employees, resources, and goods and services in the operation of the gaming establishment. 

Timetable
for Financing and Construction 

License
applicants must submit, simultaneously with submission of their completed application, a timetable for financing arrangements (including
applications for approval of public offerings or private placements), and commencement and completion of construction activities, setting
forth the date upon which gaming activities will commence. The timetable will be subject to approval by the Commission and monitored
for compliance by the Executive Director. The Commission may grant extensions of time upon the recommendation of the Executive Director.
License applicants must not advertise or promote the opening of their proposed casino nor the commencement of employee training for their
proposed casino until the applicant is granted a license by the Mississippi Gaming Commission. Applicants may request a waiver of this
regulation from the Executive Director, which waiver, if granted would be subject to revocation. 

Unsuitable
Locations 

The
Executive Director may recommend that an application for a license be denied if the Executive Director believes that the place or location
for which the license is sought is unsuitable for the conduct of gaming operations. The Commission may deny an application for a state
gaming license if it deems that the place or location for which the license is sought is unsuitable for the conduct of gaming operations.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the following locations may be deemed unsuitable: premises located within the immediate
vicinity of residential areas, churches, schools and children s public playgrounds; premises where gaming is contrary to any county
or city ordinance, including, but not limited to, zoning ordinances restricting the permissible locations for gaming facilities, so long
as such ordinances do not have the effect of absolutely excluding or prohibiting legal gaming; premises which fail to meet federal, state
or local health and safety standards, and any other applicable laws or regulations; premises frequented by minors; premises lacking adequate
supervision or surveillance; premises difficult to police or where adequate fire protection may be difficult; any other premises where
the conduct of gaming would be inconsistent with the public policy of the State of Mississippi. 

Building
Standards 

Any
establishment to be constructed for gaming will be required to meet the Southern Standard Building Code. If the local county or city
has a building code, then the local code will be the applicable standard. The Commission requires, as a condition of licensure, that
gaming establishments meet strict hurricane emergency standards and procedures. 

Objection
by County or Municipality 

Whenever
the Commission receives a completed application for a gaming license proposing to operate a gaming establishment in a particular county
or municipality, the Executive Director, within ten days after receipt of the application, must notify the board of supervisors of the
county and, if applicable, the chief executive of the municipality in which the proposed operation will be located of the receipt of
the application and specify the name of the applicant and the proposed location for the gaming establishment. The county or municipality
in which the applicant proposes to operate may file a duly enacted resolution specifying any objections or endorsements with the Executive
Director. 

6 

Individual
Licensing of Shareholders of Corporate Licensee 

The
Commission may request persons, affiliated entities and greater than 5 equity owners to submit an application for finding of suitability
in which event the application must be submitted within thirty days of the request. 

All
Officers and Directors of a Corporation Must be Licensed 

All
officers and directors of a corporation which holds or applies for a state gaming license must be licensed individually and, if in the
judgment of the Mississippi Gaming Commission the public interest will be served by requiring any or all of the corporation s individual
stockholders, lenders, holders of evidence of indebtedness, underwriters, key executives, agents, or employees to be licensed, the corporation
shall require such persons to apply for a license. An officer or director shall apply for a license within thirty days after he becomes
an officer or director. A person required to be licensed pursuant to a decision of the commission must apply for a license within thirty
days after the executive director requests him to do so. 

Licensing
is a Privilege and Revocable 

It
is the declared policy of the State of Mississippi that all establishments where gambling games are conducted or operated must be licensed
and controlled so as to better protect the public health, safety, morals, good order and welfare of its inhabitants. Any license, registration,
finding of suitability, or approval by the Commission is deemed to be a revocable privilege and no person holding such a license, registration,
finding of suitability, or approval is deemed to have any vested rights therein. 

An
application for a state gaming license or any other affirmative Commission action is seeking the granting of a privilege and the burden
of proving his qualification to receive any license, registration, finding of suitability or approval, is at all times on the applicant.
The applicant must document compliance with all applicable federal, state and local rules, regulations and permit requirements. An applicant
must accept any risk of adverse publicity, embarrassment, criticism, or other action, or financial loss which may result from action
with respect to an application and expressly waive any claim for damages as a result thereof. An application for a license, finding of
suitability, or registrations constitutes a request to the Executive Director for a recommendation and to the Commission for a decision
upon the applicant s general suitability, character, integrity, and ability to participate or engage in, or be associated with,
the gaming industry in the manner or position sought by the application, or the manner or position generally similar thereto. 

Certain
Commission Considerations for Licensing 

The
Commission will consider various factors when deciding whether to issue a license to conduct gaming in an establishment, including but
not limited to, the following: revenue provided by a facility to the state and local communities through direct taxation on its operation
and indirect revenues from tourism, ancillary businesses, creation of new industry and taxes on employees and patrons. It will consider
whether the proposed establishment is: economically viable and properly financed, planned in a manner that provides for adequate security
for all aspects of its operation and for people working, visiting, or traveling to the establishment; planned in a manner which promotes
efficient and safe operation; is planned in a manner that provides efficient, safe, and enjoyable use by patrons of the establishment
and parking facilities, concessions, the casino, access to cashier windows and rest rooms; compliance with state and federal laws regarding
fire, health, construction, zoning, and other similar matters; whether the applicant will employ the persons necessary to operate the
establishment in a manner consistent with the needs, safety, and interests of persons who will be in the establishment; the population
of the area to be served by the establishment and the location of other establishments within and without the state. The Commission will
consider the character and reputation of all persons identified with ownership and operation of the establishment and their capability
to comply with rules of the Commission and the Mississippi Code; whether the proposed operation will maximize development; whether it
is beneficial to Mississippi tourism, the number and quality of employment opportunities for Mississippians created and promoted by the
proposed operation, and the amount and type of shore developments associated with the establishment. 

A
license which authorizes a holder to operate a gaming establishment is granted for no longer than three years from the date of issue
and may be granted for a period of less than three years based within the discretion of the Commission. 

7 

Gaming
Licenses 

Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has a license to operate a casino in Mississippi or in any other jurisdiction. Gaming licenses
require the periodic payment of fees and taxes and are not transferable except in accordance with applicable Mississippi law and regulations
and with the prior approval of the Commission. Gaming licenses in Mississippi are issued for a maximum term of three years and must be
renewed periodically thereafter. There can be no assurance that the Company or any of its subsidiaries will be licensed. There can be
no assurance that if licensed, new licenses can be obtained at the end of any particular licensure period. Moreover, the Commission may,
at any time, and for any cause it deems reasonable, revoke, suspend, condition or limit a license or approval to own shares of stock
in a company that operates in Mississippi. The Mississippi Act also requires that a publicly traded company register under the Act. The
Company and/or its subsidiaries will be required to periodically submit detailed financial, operating and other reports to the Commission
and Mississippi State Tax Commission. A violation under a gaming license held by a subsidiary of a Company operating in Mississippi could
be deemed a violation of all other licenses, if any, then held by the Company. Numerous transactions, including substantially all loans,
leases, sales of securities and similar financing transactions entered into by any subsidiary of the Company operating a casino in Mississippi
must be reported to or approved by the Commission. In addition, the Commission may, at its discretion, require additional information
about the operations of the Company. 

Deborah
Vitale, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, though not currently licensed, previously held a gaming license in Colorado. 

Finding
of Suitability 

The
following persons must apply for a finding of suitability and must be found suitable by the Commission in order to be involved with a
licensee: i) each person who serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of any corporation, public or private, licensed or registered
by the Commission; and ii) each person who has a vote on any issue before the Board of Directors of any corporation, public or private,
licensed or registered by the Commission and who is also an employee of the corporation or any of its subsidiaries. In addition, the
following persons shall apply for a finding of suitability: i) each person who serves as Chairman of the audit or compliance committee
of any corporation, public or private, licensed or registered by the Commission, and ii) any executive, employee, or agent of a gaming
licensee that the Commission determines as having the power to exercise a significant influence over decisions concerning any part of
the operation of a gaming licensee. If the nature of the job changes from that for which the applicant is found suitable, he may be required
to submit himself to a new determination of her or his suitability. 

The
Commission can require any employee to be found suitable if it finds that the public interest and policies set forth in the Act
will be served thereby. The Commission is not restricted by job titles, but will consider the functions and responsibilities of the person,
including but not limited to, persons acting in the capacity of a property level general manager, assistant general manager, or executive
level personnel actively and directly engaged in the administration or supervision of the activities of a licensee. Any executive, employee
or agent of a gaming licensee who is listed or should be listed in an annual employee report may be required to apply for a finding of
suitability. 

A
finding of suitability is granted for a period of no longer than ten years from the date of issue. A finding of suitability may be granted
for a period of less than ten years within the discretion of the Commission. A holder of a finding of suitability must file with the
Investigations Division of the Commission by June 30th of each year, the Investigations Division Annual Report, providing
all information requested on forms provided by the Commission and any other information requested by the Executive Director. A holder
of a finding of suitability must immediately inform the Commission of any arrest or conviction. 

The
Commission has full and absolute power and authority, at any time, to deny any application or limit, condition, restrict, revoke, or
suspend any license, registration, finding of suitability or approval, or fine any person licensed, registered, found suitable or approved,
for any cause deemed reasonable by the commission. The Commission has the power, at any time, to investigate and require the finding
of suitability of any record or beneficial stockholder of the Company. The Act requires that each person who, individually or in association
with others, acquires, directly or indirectly, beneficial ownership of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of a publicly traded
corporation registered with the Mississippi Gaming Commission, must notify the Mississippi Gaming Commission of this acquisition. The
Act also requires that each person who, individually or in association with others acquires, directly or indirectly, beneficial ownership
of more than 10 of any class of voting securities of a publicly traded corporation registered with the Commission must be found suitable
by the Mississippi Gaming Commission and pay the costs and fees that the Commission incurs in conducting the investigation. Any person
who fails or refuses to apply for a finding of suitability or a license within thirty days after being ordered to do so by the Commission
may be found unsuitable. Any person found unsuitable and who holds, directly or indirectly, any beneficial ownership of the Company s
securities beyond such time as the Commission prescribes, may be guilty of a misdemeanor. 

The
Company may be required to disclose to the Commission upon request, the identities of holders of any debt or other securities. Under
the Act, the Commission may, in its discretion, (1) require holders of debt securities of registered corporations to file applications;
(2) investigate such holders; and (3) require the holders to be found suitable to own such securities. 

The
Mississippi regulations provide that a change in control of a Company may not occur without the prior approval of the Commission. Mississippi
law prohibits the Company from making a public offering of its securities without the approval of the Commission if any part of the proceeds
of the offering is to be used to finance the construction, acquisition or operation of gaming facilities in Mississippi or to retire
or extend obligations incurred for one or more such purposes. The Commission has the authority to grant continuous approval of securities
offerings subject to renewal every three years by certain issuers. 

8 

Employees
associated with gaming in Mississippi must obtain work permits that are subject to immediate suspension under certain circumstances.
The Commission will refuse to issue a work permit to a person who has been convicted of a felony, committed certain misdemeanors or knowingly
violated the Mississippi Gaming Control Act, and it may refuse to issue a work permit to a gaming employee for any other reasonable cause. 

The
Company believes there may be persons with prior felony convictions, who are affiliated with certain shareholders, who beneficially own
in excess of 5 of a class of voting stock of the Company, who may be found unsuitable by the Mississippi Gaming Commission. Article
X of the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, provides that the Company may repurchase or redeem shares, at
fair market value, held by any person or entity whose status as a shareholder, in the opinion of the Company s Board of Directors,
jeopardizes the approval, continued existence, or renewal by any gaming regulatory authority, of a contract to manage gaming operations,
or any other tribal, federal or state license or franchise held by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. However, there can
be no assurance the Company would have sufficient funds to purchase shares held by such a person or entity. In the event the Company
was unable to purchase such shares, its ability to obtain a license could be materially and adversely affected. 

License
Fees and Taxes 

License fees and taxes are payable to the State of Mississippi and to the
counties and cities in which the Mississippi Gaming Subsidiary s respective operations will be conducted. The license fee payable
to the State of Mississippi is based upon gaming receipts, which are generally defined as gross receipts less payouts to
customers as winnings. The license fee equals 4 of all gross revenue which does not exceed the first 50,000 or less of gross revenue
per calendar month;, plus 6 of all gross revenue which exceeds 50,000 per calendar month and does not exceed 134,000 per calendar month;
and the next 84,000 of gross revenue per calendar month, plus 8 of all gross revenue which exceeds over 134,000 per calendar month.
License fees paid in any taxable year are allowed as a credit against the Mississippi State Income tax liability of a licensee for that
taxable year. 

A
licensee must pay an annual license fee of 5,000. In addition, each licensee must pay a license fee based on the number of games it
operates. If it operates over 35 games, the fee is equal to 81,200 plus 100 for each game over 35 games. In addition to state gaming
license fees or taxes, a municipality or county may impose a gross revenue fee upon a licensee based on all gaming receipts derived from
the establishment equal to approximately 4 . An additional license tax may apply to gaming devices. 

As
there were no operations in 2022, the Company was not required to make any license or tax payments and does not owe any fees as of December
31, 2022. 

Beer,
Wine and Liquor Licensing 

The
sale of alcoholic beverages by casinos, including beer and wine, is subject to licensing, regulation and control by both the local jurisdiction
and the Alcoholic Beverage Control Division (the ABC of the Mississippi Department of Revenue. All licenses are revocable
and non-transferable. The ABC has full power to limit, condition, suspend or re.voke any license, and any disciplinary action could,
and revocation would, have a material adverse impact upon the operations of an affected casino, its financial condition and its results
of operations. 

Extensive
Non-Gaming Laws and Regulations 

In
addition to the foregoing, the Company and/or its subsidiaries will be subject to additional federal, state, county and city, safety,
food, alcohol, health, employment, and other laws, rules, regulations and ordinances that apply to non-gaming businesses generally. In
addition, Regulations adopted by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury Department require currency transactions
in excess of 10,000 occurring within a gaming day to be reported, including identification of the patron by name and social security
number. Substantial penalties can be imposed for failure to comply with these and numerous other regulations. The foregoing is just one
example of the pervasiveness of the non-gaming laws, rules, regulations and ordinances that would apply to a casino operator. 

Competition 

There
is intense competition in the Mississippi market in which the Company intends to operate and in surrounding markets. The Company will
compete directly with other existing gaming facilities located in Mississippi and in bordering states, including Louisiana. In addition,
there may be additional casinos opening on the Gulf Coast of Mississippi or in Louisiana. The Company will also be competing directly
and indirectly, with gaming facilities throughout the United States and throughout the world, as well as with Native American gaming
operations which enjoy certain tax advantages. The Company expects competition to increase as new gaming operators enter these markets,
existing competitors expand their operations, gaming activities expand in existing jurisdictions, gaming is legalized in new jurisdictions,
and legalized gaming expands on the internet. Assuming it is successful in developing a destination casino resort, the Company will also
be competing with other forms of gaming and entertainment, including but not limited to, bingo, online gambling, pull tab games, card
parlors, sports-book operations, pari-mutuel betting, dog racing, lotteries, jai-alai, video lottery terminals, and video poker terminals. 

Sports
Betting 

There
are twenty-six operating casinos in Mississippi. These casinos are grouped into three regions: the Coastal Region, Northern Region and
Central Region. The Diamondhead Property is located in the Coastal Region. 

On
August 1, 2018, Mississippi legalized single game sports betting. As of December 31, 2022, all twenty-six of the Mississippi casinos
had sports wagering. 

9 

The
following chart identifies casinos which are located in Mississippi and with which the Company will compete. Except for distances, the
information contained in the chart is derived from the Mississippi Gaming Commission s Monthly Survey Information (Property Data)
for the period December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022. 

Approximate 

Distance to 

Gaming 
 Slot 
 Table 
 Poker 
 Hotel 
 Total 
 Diamondhead 
 
 REGION 
 Sq. Ft 
 Games 
 Games 
 Games 
 Rooms 
 Parking 
 (in miles) 

COASTAL REGION 

Beau Rivage Casino 
 86,539 
 1,455 
 79 
 14 
 1,740 
 3,320 
 35 
 
 Boomtown Casino 
 46,445 
 553 
 23 
 4 
 0 
 1,490 
 33 
 
 Golden Nugget 
 54,728 
 873 
 44 
 0 
 706 
 1,345 
 35 
 
 Hard Rock Casino 
 51,374 
 973 
 55 
 0 
 479 
 2,332 
 35 
 
 Harrah s Gulf Coast 
 31,903 
 634 
 28 
 0 
 499 
 2,705 
 35 
 
 IP Casino Resort Spa 
 81,733 
 1,187 
 45 
 4 
 1,088 
 3,400 
 33 
 
 Palace Casino 
 38,000 
 587 
 24 
 0 
 234 
 1,590 
 33 
 
 Treasure Bay Casino 
 28,140 
 795 
 26 
 0 
 207 
 1,469 
 31 
 
 Island View Casino 
 117,500 
 2,439 
 49 
 0 
 974 
 4,150 
 23 
 
 Hollywood Casino 
 56,300 
 777 
 20 
 5 
 291 
 1,700 
 12 
 
 Silver Slipper Casino 
 38,926 
 759 
 20 
 0 
 129 
 1,057 
 15 
 
 Scarlet Pearl 
 60,445 
 787 
 36 
 0 
 300 
 2,333 
 33 

Region Totals 
 692,033 
 11,819 
 449 
 27 
 6,641 
 26,891 

NORTHERN REGION 

1st Jackpot Casino Tunica 
 46,535 
 766 
 9 
 0 
 0 
 1,699 
 377 
 
 Fitzgerald s Casino Tunica 
 38,457 
 855 
 11 
 0 
 506 
 1,795 
 379 
 
 Gold Strike Casino Resort 
 50,000 
 1,149 
 54 
 0 
 1,133 
 2,412 
 373 
 
 Hollywood Casino- Tunica 
 55,000 
 783 
 10 
 6 
 494 
 1,801 
 379 
 
 Horseshoe Casino and Hotel 
 63,000 
 913 
 77 
 23 
 505 
 6,040 
 373 
 
 Isle of Capri-Lula 
 59,335 
 475 
 7 
 0 
 146 
 1,500 
 345 
 
 Sam s Town- Tunica 
 53,000 
 690 
 9 
 0 
 354 
 4,308 
 378 

Region Totals 
 365,327 
 5,631 
 177 
 23 
 3,138 
 19,555 

CENTRAL REGION 

Ameristar Casino Hotel 
 72,210 
 980 
 12 
 2 
 148 
 3,063 
 210 
 
 Harlow s Casino Resort 
 33,000 
 697 
 14 
 0 
 105 
 1,500 
 285 
 
 Bally s Vicksburg 
 32,608 
 453 
 7 
 0 
 89 
 1,063 
 212 
 
 Magnolia Bluffs Casino 
 16,032 
 497 
 10 
 2 
 140 
 427 
 199 
 
 Riverwalk Casino 
 25,000 
 585 
 11 
 0 
 76 
 748 
 211 
 
 Trop Casino Greenville 
 22,822 
 460 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 734 
 287 
 
 Water View Casino Hotel 
 37,130 
 577 
 10 
 0 
 122 
 631 
 211 

Region Totals 
 238,802 
 4,429 
 64 
 4 
 680 
 8,166 

STATE TOTALS 
 1,296,162 
 21,699 
 690 
 54 
 10,459 
 54,612 

Louisiana
Competition 

The
Company believes that its greatest competition will come from any existing and any new casinos that might be constructed in or around
Diamondhead, Bay St. Louis, Gulfport and Biloxi, Mississippi due to their close proximity to the Diamondhead Property. While the Company s
primary competition is expected to come from the foregoing, the Company s Diamondhead, Mississippi casino will also compete with
casinos and other gaming located in the adjacent State of Louisiana. The following information is based, in large part, on the Louisiana
Gaming Control Board 26th Annual Report to the Louisiana State Legislature for the fiscal year July 1, 2020 through June 30, 2021 and
the American Gaming Association s State of the States 2022 report. 

On
March 16, 2020, due to COVID 19, all casinos and other gaming establishments in Louisiana were required to cease operations and close.
On May 18, 2020, the state authorized a re-opening of casinos and gaming establishments with limited capacity and limited gaming positions.
On March 30, 2021, these restrictions were lifted. The short term impact of Covid 19 on the gaming industry in Louisiana was unprecedented
with significant impact to the workforce, local economies and an obvious reduction in revenue. 

The
fiscal year ended June 20, 2021 with adjusted gross gaming revenue of 1,620,222,548, which was down 852,452,207 from the previous year.
The adjusted gross gaming revenue for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 has not yet been reported. 

10 

Land-Based
Casinos 

Louisiana
has four land-based casinos. Three of the land-based casinos in Louisiana are Indian casinos, which are located in Marksville in central
Louisiana and in Kinder and Charenton in southern Louisiana. These are not expected to represent significant competition because of their
distance from the Diamondhead site. None of the three tribes are required to pay any fees directly to the state nor can they be required
to provide the Louisiana Gaming Control Board with any financial figures, although the Chitimacha Tribe in Charenton provides information
voluntarily. All of these tribes make contributions to the local governments in their respective locations. There is a fourth land-based
casino in downtown New Orleans. 

Harrah s
Casino New Orleans 

Harrah s
Casino in New Orleans is approximately one hour by car from the Diamondhead site. Significant competition is expected to come from
this land-based casino. Harrah s generated gross gaming revenue of 213,188,698 in FY 2020-2021, an increase of 2,848,650
over the prior fiscal year. Harrah s employs approximately 1,671 individuals. Harrah s pays a 21.45 percent tax on
gaming revenue or an annual tax of 60 million, whichever is greater. The casino must also remit rent and other payments to local
authorities as established under its operating contract. 

Riverboat
Casinos 

There
are fifteen riverboat casinos authorized to operate in Louisiana. There are six riverboat casinos in the Shreveport-Bossier City area,
which is about 360 miles from the Diamondhead Property; three in Lake Charles, which is approximately 246 miles from the Diamondhead
Property; three in East Baton Rouge Parish, which is approximately 123 miles from the Diamondhead Property; and one each in Kenner, Harvey
and Amelia, which are approximately 73, 71, and 139 miles, respectively, from the Diamondhead Property. Three of these riverboat casinos
are moving onto land. Under a state law signed in 2018, Louisiana riverboat casinos can move out of water as long as they remain within
1,200 feet of their existing berths and demonstrate economic development. The riverboat casinos employ approximately 8,407 individuals. 

In
fiscal year 2020-2021, the riverboat casinos had adjusted gross gaming revenue of 1,620,224,847 an increase of 163,945,693 over the
prior fiscal year and paid 348,348,344 in state gaming taxes. Louisiana riverboats pay a maximum effective gaming tax rate of 27.5 percent,
comprised of a state gaming tax of 21.5 percent of revenue plus additional local taxes which vary according to location. 

The
Shreveport-Bossier City market had adjusted gross gaming revenue of 557,351,618 for FY 2020-2021, an increase of 70,781,374 over the
prior fiscal year and paid 119,830,598 to the state. The Lake Charles market had adjusted gross gaming revenue of 583,685,535, an increase
of 12,245,797 over the prior fiscal year and paid 125,492,391 to the state. The riverboat casinos in Kenner, Harvey and Amelia had
adjusted gross gaming revenue of 237,134,426, an increase of 26,183,255 over the prior fiscal year and paid 50,983,902 to the state.
The riverboat casinos in East Baton Rouge Parish had adjusted gross gaming revenue of 242,053,268, an increase of 54,735,267 over the
prior fiscal year and paid 52,041,453 to the state. 

Video
Poker 

As
of June 2021, there were approximately 1,522 video poker outlets and 12,445 video poker devices in the 31 parishes in Louisiana where
video poker gaming had been approved in the local option election of November 5, 1996. These machines are authorized in bars, restaurants,
hotels, off-track betting parlors and truck stops. Franchise fees to the state from poker amounted to 233,252,094 for FY 2020-2021,
an increase of 74,501,749 over the prior fiscal year. 

Racetrack
Gaming 

Slot
machine gaming is authorized at four live racing facilities in Louisiana. These slot machines generated 321,486,615 in adjusted gross
gaming revenue for fiscal year 2020-2021, an increase of 44,075,292 over the prior fiscal year and paid 48,769,521 to the state. There
were approximately 1,085 individuals employed at the racing facilities. Racino revenue is taxed at an effective tax rate of about 36
percent. This consists of an 18 percent contribution to the Louisiana horse racing industry taken off the top, with the remaining revenue
subject to a state tax of 18.5 percent and local taxes of 4 percent. 

Sports
Betting 

On
June 10, 2021, the Louisiana State Legislature approved legislation establishing a licensing framework for retail and online sports betting
in the fifty-five of sixty-four Louisiana parishes that voted to authorize sports betting in a November 2020 election. Fantasy Sports
went live in July 2021, retail sports betting went live in October 2021, and mobile sports betting went live in February 2022. The gross
gaming revenue for these sports betting operations will be reported in the annual report for fiscal year 2021-2022. Sports betting revenue
is taxed at a rate of 10 percent for land-based sports wagering and 15 percent for online sports betting. Sportsbook operations are also
subject to a 0.25 percent federal excise tax applied to wagering handle. 

The
cumulative effect of the above-described gaming activity could be seen as having a significant competitive effect on the Diamondhead
project. 

11 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Diamondhead,
Mississippi Property 

The
Company owns, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Mississippi Gaming Corporation, an approximate 400-acre tract of unimproved land in
Diamondhead, Mississippi. The property is located at 7051 Interstate 10, Diamondhead, Mississippi 39525 (hereafter the Diamondhead
Property or the Property ). The Property is located entirely within the City of Diamondhead and Hancock County. The
Property is zoned C-2-Interstate Commercial/Gaming/Resort. 

Liens
on the Diamondhead Property 

Liens 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had placed twenty-one liens on the Company s Diamondhead, Mississippi Property the Property ).
No additional liens have been filed as of the filing of this report. The liens were as follows: 

In
September of 2014, a first lien was placed on the Property pursuant to a Private Placement dated February 14, 2014, as amended, to secure
certain obligations of the Company. The first lien is composed of an (i) Executives Lien and (ii) an Investors Lien. The liens
are in pari passu . 

On
March 31, 2014, the Company issued 1 million of First Tranche Collateralized Convertible Senior Debentures. On December 31, 2014, the
Company issued 850,000 of Second Tranche Collateralized Convertible Senior Debentures. On September 26, 2014, a first lien was placed
on the Diamondhead Property in favor of the Investors to secure the principle due in the amount of 1,850,000 and interest due thereon
(the Investors Lien ). The Investors Lien is in pari passu with a first lien placed on the Property in favor of the
President of the Company, the Vice President of the Company, and certain directors of the Company for past due wages, compensation, and
expenses owed to them in the maximum aggregate amount of 2,000,000 (the Executives Lien ). The CEO will serve as Lien Agent
for the Executives Lien. 

On
December 16, 2016, the Company filed a second lien on the Property in the maximum amount of 250,000 to secure certain notes payable,
including notes to related parties, totaling 137,500 in principle and accrued interest incurred. The details of these notes are more fully discussed in Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements attached as
Exhibit 99.1 to this report. 

On
August 21, 2018, the Company filed a third lien on the Property in the maximum amount of 400,000 to secure notes issued to the
Chairman of the Board and President of the Company arising in the third quarter of 2017 and during 2018, as more fully described in
Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. 

On
January 26, 2021, the Company filed a fourth lien on the Property in the amount of 2,000,000 to secure a non-interest-bearing note payable
in the amount of 2,000,000 issued to secure amounts owed to the President of the Company for accrued, but unpaid, salary, rent and other
expenses. 

On
February 17, 2021, the Company filed a fifth lien in the amount of 658,750 on the Property to secure a non-interest-bearing note payable
in the amount of 658,750, issued to secure amounts owed to nine directors, including the Company s six current directors. 

12 

In
April 2021, the Company filed six liens on the Property to secure six non-interest-bearing notes payable to be issued to six lenders
bringing total liens on the Property to eleven. The six notes issued total 252,500 in principle and call for the issuance of 250,000
shares of common stock. The notes are not convertible. As of the issuance date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. 

In
June 2021, the Company filed a twelfth and thirteenth on the Property to secure two non-interest bearing notes issued in May of 2021
which total 50,000 in principle and call for the issuance of a total of 100,000 shares of common stock. The notes are not convertible.
As of the issuance date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. 

In
July 2021, the Company filed a fourteenth lien on the Property to secure a promissory note in the amount of 150,000 issued to the Chairman
of the Board to secure the payment of taxes and interest that were paid by the Chairman in July 2020. 

In
July 2021, the Company filed a fifteenth lien on the Property to secure a promissory note in the amount of 100,000 issued to the Chairman
of the Board to secure the payment of taxes and interest that were paid by the Chairman in May 2021. 

In
July 2021, the Company filed a sixteenth lien on the Property to secure a non-interest bearing note issued to the Chairman of the Board
in May 2021 which totals 50,000 in principle and calls for the issuance of 100,000 shares of common stock. The note is not convertible.
As of the issuance date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. 

In
July 2021, the Company filed a seventeenth lien on the Property to secure a non-interest bearing note which totals 25,000 in principle
and calls for the issuance of 50,000 shares of common stock. The note is not convertible. As of the issuance date of these financial
statements, no shares have been issued. 

In
November 2021, the Company filed an eighteenth lien on the Property to secure a non-interest bearing note issued in November 2021 which
totals 50,000 in principle and calls for the issuance of 100,000 shares of common stock. The note is not convertible. As of the issuance
date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. 

In
March 2022, the Company filed a nineteenth and twentieth lien on the Property to secure two non-interest bearing notes issued in March
of 2022 which total 80,000 in principle and call for the issuance of a total of 160,000 shares of common stock. The notes are not convertible.
As of the issuance date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. 

In
May 2022, the Company filed a twenty-first lien on the Property to secure a non-interest bearing note issued in April of 2022 which totals
 50,000 in principle and calls for the issuance of a total of 100,000 shares of common stock. The note is not convertible. As of the
issuance date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. 

Residential
Lot 

In
January 2010, the Company purchased a small, residential lot located on a canal southwest of the Property near the back entrance of the
Property. The Company paid 65,000 for the lot. The purchase price was paid with 108,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The property,
which comprises less than a quarter of an acre, was acquired to permit the Company to control the appearance and approach to the back
entrance of its commercial Property. The residential lot is located at 3518 Diamondhead Drive South, Diamondhead, Mississippi 39525. 

Office
Location 

The
Company leases a furnished and equipped townhouse office from its President at 1013 Princess Street, in Alexandria, Virginia 22314, pursuant
to a Landlord/Tenant Month to Month Lease. The terms of the lease, as adjusted for square footage and certain other applicable differences,
were based on the terms of the last lease signed by the Company with an unrelated third party for unfurnished office space leased in
Largo, Florida. The Company pays a base rent in the amount of 4,534 per month for approximately 2,473 square feet of commercial space,
in addition to any and all expenses relating to the property, including property taxes, property insurance, telephone, electric, water
and cable. The Company s executive office and all of its active files are located in this office. 

13 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

CASE SETTLED 

Edson R. Arneault, Kathleen Devlin and James
Devlin, J. Steven Emerson, Emerson Partners, J. Steven Emerson Roth IRA, Steven Rothstein, and Barry Stark and Irene Stark v. Diamondhead
Casino Corporation (In the United States District Court for the District of Delaware (C.A. No. 1:16-cv-00989-LPS) 

On October 25, 2016, Edson R. Arneault, Kathleen
Devlin and James Devlin, J. Steven Emerson, Emerson Partners, J. Steven Emerson Roth IRA, Steven Rothstein, and Barry Stark and
Irene Stark filed a Complaint against the Company in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware for monies due
and owing pursuant to certain Collateralized Convertible Senior Debentures issued on March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2014. A
companion case was filed in the Superior Court of the State of Delaware by John Hawley, as servicing agent for Argonaut 2000
Partners, L.P. (John Hawley, as servicing agent for Argonaut 2000 Partners, L.P. v. Diamondhead Casino Corporation (Superior Court
of the State of Delaware)(Case No. N19C-02-239 RRC) The eight plaintiffs in the two cases were seeking a total of 1.5 million in
principle due, plus interest from January 1, 2015, together with costs and fees. On December 12, 2019, the parties entered into a
Settlement Agreement and on January 13, 2020, the parties filed a Stipulation of Voluntary Dismissal with Prejudice in the case. 

In
or about December 2022, the parties entered into an Amendment to Settlement Agreement. The Amendment provides, in pertinent part, as
follows: that on or before March 31, 2023, the Plaintiffs would be paid the principal due under their debentures of 1.5 million,
plus interest of four percent (4 per annum on the principal due from January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2019, plus interest of
six percent (6 per annum on the principal due from January 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, plus interest of eight percent (8 per
annum on the principle due from April 1, 2022 through the date of payment. In addition the Company agreed to pay legal costs and
fees of 175,000 plus 50,000 shares of common stock. In the event payment is not made on or before March 31, 2023, judgment will be
entered in the case. Post judgment interest shall only apply to the 1.5 million principal due. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

 Part
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Price 

The
Company s common stock is traded on the Over the Counter Market. The market price of the Company s common stock is highly
volatile. A lack of liquidity in the stock, announcements by the Company, its competitors, the industry, or other casino-related, gaming-related,
economy-related, or various other announcements, can lead to wide swings in the market price of the Common Stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 772 registered holders of record of the Common Stock of the Company. 

Dividends
on Common Stock 

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable
future. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to fund operations and promote our business strategy. Any future determination to
pay cash dividends on our Common Stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition,
results of operations, if any, capital requirements and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant. 

14 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

Plan
Stock Options 

On
December 19, 1988, the Company adopted a stock option plan (the Plan for its officers and management personnel under which
options could be granted to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Accordingly, the Company reserved 1,000,000
shares for issuance under the Plan. The option price may not be less than 100 of the market value of the shares on the date of the grant.
The options expire within ten years from the date of grant. At December 31, 2022, no options from this plan were issued or exercised. 

Non-Plan
Stock Options 

The
Company has, from time to time, awarded non-plan stock options to its Directors, Officers and key employees. The table below summarizes
the status of all non-plan options currently outstanding issued to Company Directors, Officers, and former Officers and employees of
the Company. 

Shares 
 Weighted Average 
 Exercise Price 
 
 Outstanding as of January 1, 2021 
 4,555,000 
 0.41 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 4,555,000 
 0.41 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 4,555,000 
 0.41 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2021 
 4,555,000 
 0.41 
 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 4,555,000 
 0.41 

Employee
Stock Ownership Plan 

The
Company s employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) is intended to be a qualified retirement plan and an employee stock ownership plan.
All employees having one year of service are eligible to participate in the ESOP. The ESOP is funded by two 8 promissory notes issued
by the Company. The shares of common stock are pledged to the Company as security for the loans. The promissory notes are payable from
the proceeds of annual contributions made by the Company to the ESOP. In the event that the Company elects not to make a Plan contribution
in any given year, the corresponding shares applicable to that year are released from the Trust to the Company in consideration of that
years note payment. In January 2001, the Plan and accompanying promissory notes were amended to conform to the Company s
current employment structure, by extending the note repayment terms through 2044. 

In
2011, the Company decided to temporarily suspend contributions to the Plan. Therefore the Trust was unable to make its annual loan payment
to the company and a loan default occurred. In accordance with the Pledge Agreement between the Company and the Trust, the shares attached
to the loan payments subsequent to the 2010 contribution reverted back to the Company as treasury shares. In 2022, 79,545 shares, with
a market value of 30,227, reverted back to the Company. In 2021, 79,545 shares, with a market value of 19,886, reverted back to the
Company treasury. 

Recent
Sales of Equity Securities 

None. 

Repurchase
of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

15 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
section should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto, for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources, and Financial Results 

Overview 

The
Company s intent was and is to construct a casino resort and other amenities on the Diamondhead, Mississippi Property, unilaterally,
or in conjunction with one or more joint venture partners. However, the Company has been unable to date, to obtain financing to move
the project forward and/or enter into a joint venture partnership. Due to its lack of financial resources, the Company has been forced
to explore other alternatives, including a sale of part or all of the Property. The Company s preference is to sell only part of
the Property inasmuch as this would appear to be in the best interest of the stockholders of the Company. However, there can be no assurance
the Company will be able to sell all or part of the Property. The Company intends to continue to pursue a joint venture partnership and/or
other financing while seeking a viable purchaser for all or part of the Property. 

Liquidity 

The
Company has incurred continued losses over the years and certain conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The Company has had no operations since it ended its gambling cruise ship operations in 2000. Since that
time, the Company has concentrated its efforts on the development of its Diamondhead, Mississippi Property. The development of the Diamondhead
Property is dependent on obtaining the necessary capital, through equity and/or debt financing, unilaterally, or in conjunction with
one or more partners, to master plan, design, obtain permits for, construct, staff, open, and operate a casino resort. In the past, the
Company has been able to sustain itself through various short term borrowings, however, as of as of December 31, 2022, the Company had
cash of 55,885, while accounts payable and accrued expenses totaled 12,380,720 and the Company had an accumulated deficit of 45,351,375.
Therefore, in order to sustain itself, it is imperative that the Company secure a source of funds to provide further working capital
as the Company does not have sufficient cash on hand. 

Management
of the Company believes it will be difficult to secure suitable financing that would allow it to continue to pursue ultimate development
of the Property. Therefore, on March 25, 2019, Mississippi Gaming Corporation entered into a brokerage agreement with an unrelated third
party to seek a buyer for all or part of the Property or, alternatively, to seek a joint venture partner for the project. The brokerage
agreement has expired, but the Company continues to work with the broker on the same terms that applied under the contract. 

The
above conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

COVID-19 

The
Company had no casino or other operations in 2020 when COVID-19 surfaced or in 2021. Therefore, the Company did not experience the adverse
consequences that other casino companies experienced from COVID-19 based on their cessation of casino-related operations. However, as
a result of COVID, the Company s sole employee, its President, was unable to travel domestically or internationally to meet with
potential investors or potential joint venture partners or to meet with outside, independent contractors. The extent to which COVID-19
may have affected the market for financing new construction in the hospitality, hotel and casino industries given the impact of COVID-19
on this segment of the economy is unknown. The Company did not incur any extraordinary expenses as a result of COVID-19, nor did it obtain
any loans under the CARES Act. 

Financial
Results and Analysis 

As
reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded a net loss applicable to common shareholders of
 1,957,305 for the year ending December 31, 2022 and a net loss applicable to common shareholders of 1,620,706 for the year ending December
31, 2021. The Company expects continued losses for the foreseeable future. General and administrative expenses incurred totaled 929,236
and 665,788 for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The table below depicts the major categories comprising those
expenses: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Payroll and Related Taxes 
 300,000 
 300,000 
 
 Director Fees 
 90,000 
 90,000 
 
 Professional Services 
 281,962 
 86,735 
 
 Rents and Insurances 
 85,145 
 82,216 
 
 Fines and Penalties 
 132,275 
 91,850 
 
 All Other Expenses 
 39,854 
 14,987 
 
 Total
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 929,236 
 665,788 

16 

The
amount reported as payroll includes amounts not actually paid to employees, but accrued and payable to employees. The Company accrued
salary payable to only one employee in 2022, the President and CEO of the Registrant, who also served as a Director, Chief Financial
Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Registrant and held various positions in the Registrant s subsidiaries. 

The
increase in fines and penalties was due to ESOP penalties incurred in 2022 as well as penalties for 5 years for Delaware franchise
tax and 7 years for Mississippi franchise tax. Professional services also increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due to more legal fees incurred, including 175,000 in legal fees incurred due to an amended settlement agreement for the Debentures. 

The
Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of 11,480 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Other
Income and Expense 

Interest
expenses incurred totaled 855,019 and 783,609 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 71,410.
 The increase in 2022 is primarily attributable to the impact of accrued interest on unpaid wages
which continues to accrue yearly, the impact from a full year of interest on 2021 s borrowings and amortization of debt discount. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

Management
Agreement 

On
June 19, 1993, two subsidiaries of the Company, Casino World Inc. and Mississippi Gaming Corporation, entered into a Management Agreement
with Casinos Austria Maritime Corporation (CAMC). Subject to certain conditions, under the Management Agreement, CAMC would operate,
on an exclusive basis, all of the Company s proposed dockside gaming casinos in the State of Mississippi, including any operation
fifty percent (50 or more of which is owned by the Company or its affiliates. Unless terminated earlier pursuant to the provisions
of the Agreement, the Agreement terminates five years from the first day of actual Mississippi gaming operations and provides for the
payment of an annual operational term management fee of 1.2 of all gross gaming revenues between zero and 100,000,000; plus 0.75 of
gross gaming revenue between 100,000,000 and 140,000,000; plus 0.5 of gross gaming revenue above 140,000,000; plus two percent of
the net gaming revenue between zero and 25,000,000; plus three percent of the net gaming revenue above twenty-five million dollars 25,000,000.
The Company believes this Agreement is no longer in effect. However, there can be no assurance that CAMC will not attempt to maintain
otherwise which would lead to litigation. 

17 

Brokerage
Agreement 

On
March 25, 2019, Mississippi Gaming Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the title owner of the Diamondhead Property
(the Owner ), entered into an agreement with an unrelated commercial real estate brokerage firm to sell all or part of the
Diamondhead, Mississippi Property or, alternatively, to find a joint venture partner for the project. The agreement provides for an exclusive
right to sell all or part of the Property beginning March 25, 2019 and ending October 31, 2019, unless extended by the parties. The agreement
provides for a commission equal to three percent (3 of the gross sales price for property sold if the Buyer does not have a broker
or four percent (4 of the gross sales price of property sold if the Buyer does have a broker, in which case the commission due will
be split between the brokers. In the event the Owner consummates and closes a deal with a Joint Venture Partner introduced to the Owner
by the broker, the Owner will pay the broker a commission equal to four percent (4 of the amount contributed by the Joint Venture Partner
as its capital contribution. This will not apply in the event the Owner consummates a deal with a Joint Venture Partner who is not introduced
to the Owner by the broker. The agreement does not apply to loans obtained by or on behalf of the Owner using the Property as collateral
or as security for a loan. The agreement also provides for a reduced commission to the broker in the event of a sale to certain potential
purchasers already involved in discussions with the Owner. The brokerage agreement has expired, but the Company continues to work with
the broker on the same terms that applied for under the contract. 

There
are no other off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues and expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources,
that are material to our stockholders. 

Related
Party 

In
July, 2017, the Chairman of the Board paid 67,628 for all property taxes due, together with all interest due thereon, to Hancock County,
Mississippi for an approximate 400-acre tract of land the Diamondhead Property ), owned by Mississippi Gaming Corporation,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In 2018, the Chairman advanced additional funds totaling 205,250 to the Company. In 2019,
the Chairman advanced additional funds totaling 125,396 to the Company. In 2020, the Chairman advanced additional funds totaling 69,679
to the Company. The conditions of the notes under which the Chairman agreed to make the foregoing payments and advances are discussed
in full detail in Note 8 of attached consolidated financial statements. 

Of
particular note to those conditions is item (v) which calls for the Chairman to be indemnified for any loss sustained on the sale of
certain common stock sold to cover the property taxes paid. The Chairman has identified the common stock sold and has provided the Company
with the documentation required to document the sale of said stock and to calculate the contingent future loss, if any, on said stock.
Had the Company paid the note in full at December 31, 2021 in addition to the principal and interest due, the Company would not have
been liable for any additional funds to indemnify the Chairman pursuant to the terms of the notes. On
February 4, 2022, the Board of Directors entered into an agreement with the Chairman to issue 35,000 shares of common stock of the Company
to the Chairman to repurchase the indemnification. This repurchase eliminates any risk to the Company arising from the indemnification which could have been material. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company record stock-based compensation of 11,480 for the fair value for these shares, which have not yet been issued as of the issuance date of the attached consolidated financial statements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

The
Company reviews long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be
recoverable. The recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to the estimated undiscounted
future cash flows projected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered impaired, the impairment to be recognized is
measured by the amount the carrying value exceeds the fair value of such assets determined by appraisal, discounted cash flow projections,
or other means. 

18 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Disclosure
under this item is not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

In
connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer/Chief
Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, are
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that the information that we are required to disclose in the reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC Rules
and Forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the results of this evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable
assurance level as of December 31, 2022. See below for management s report. 

19 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with existing policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

The Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer conducted, under the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, commonly referred
to as the COSO criteria.
Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer concluded that material weaknesses over financial reporting
existed as of December 31, 2022. Management identified the following two material weaknesses that have caused management to conclude
that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal control over financial reporting, were not effective
at the reasonable assurance level: 

1. 
 We
 do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions. 

2. 
 We have not been timely in our financial reporting functions. Management has not developed and effectively communicated its accounting policies and procedures. This has resulted in inconsistent practices with regards to complex debt and equity transactions. 

The
Company has designed and instituted policies and procedures to eliminate and/or mitigate the foregoing. 

As
a result of the material weaknesses identified above, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December
31, 2022. The Company has initiated a plan to address the above weakness. While segregation of duties is very difficult in a small company,
the Company intends to utilize third-party consultants to ensure effective financial reporting and disclosures are met. 

To
address the material weakness identified, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the consolidated
financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows for the periods presented. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all
material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only Management s
report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

No
change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ending December 31, 2022 that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

20 

Part
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Officers
of the Company are appointed annually by the Board of Directors to hold office until an officer s successor has been duly appointed
and qualified, unless an officer dies, resigns, is replaced, or is removed by the Board of Directors. Directors are elected to serve
until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. A majority of directors constitutes
a quorum of the Board of Directors for the transaction of business. The directors must be present at a meeting, in person or telephonically,
to constitute a quorum. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors individually or collectively may be taken
without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors consent, in writing, to the action. 

Officers
 and Directors 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Deborah
 A. Vitale 
 
 72 
 
 Director,
 President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Martin
 Blount 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Benjamin
 J. Harrell 
 
 69 
 
 Director,
 Vice-President 
 
 Gregory
 A. Harrison 
 
 78 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Diamondhead Casino Corporation, Vice-President 
 
 Robert
 S. Crow III 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Daniel
 G. Burstyn 
 
 38 
 
 Director 

Background
of Current Executive Officer and Directors 

Deborah
A. Vitale has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer of the Company since February 1998, as Chief Financial Officer
of the Company since September 2011, and as Chairman of the Board of the Company from March 1995 through March 31, 2014. Ms. Vitale served
as Secretary of the Company from November 1994 until July 2002, and as Interim Secretary from January 11, 2012 until appointed Secretary
again on January 29, 2015. As President and CEO, Ms. Vitale was responsible for all phases of the day-to-day operations of four casino
ships sailing out of three Florida ports into international waters and for the management and supervision of approximately 400 casino,
marine and land-based employees. She has been a Director of the Company since December 1992. On February 14, 1997, Ms. Vitale was appointed
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Casino World, Inc. and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Mississippi Gaming Corporation, each
a subsidiary of the Company. On September 2, 1997, Ms. Vitale was appointed President of Casino World, Inc. and Mississippi Gaming Corporation.
On March 31, 2014, Ms. Vitale stepped down as Chairman of the Board of the Company and as President and CEO of Casino World, Inc. On
June 16, 2015, Ms. Vitale was again appointed Chairman of the Board and President of Casino World, Inc. Ms. Vitale is a trial attorney
by background with over thirty-five years of experience handling complex civil litigation. Ms. Vitale is licensed to practice law in
Washington, D.C., Maryland, and Virginia. The Board believes Ms. Vitale is qualified to serve as a Director due to her experience as
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, her management experience in operating ship-based casinos, her knowledge of and
participation in all aspects of the Diamondhead Project, and her extensive legal background and experience. 

21 

Martin
C. Blount has served as a Director of the Company since June 9, 2010. Since approximately 1986, Mr. Blount has been a stockbroker
and a registered investment banking representative. Since approximately April of 2013, Mr. Blount has also served as a licensed structured
settlement agent for various parties. Mr. Blount also represents professional athletes and is a certified Major League Baseball agent.
Mr. Blount is a graduate of West Virginia Wesleyan College and holds a B.A. degree in Sociology. The Board believes Mr. Blount is qualified
to serve as a director due to his prior experience as a Director of the Company and his experience in the securities and financial industry. 

Benjamin
J. Harrell has served as a Director of the Company since July 18, 2002. On June 16, 2015, Mr. Harrell was appointed a Vice President
of the Company. Mr. Harrell was the founder and served as President and CEO of Pete Fountain Productions, Inc. from 1979 until it was
acquired in 1999 by Production Group International, Inc. PGI ), a global event communications company, which was subsequently
acquired by TBA Global Events, LLC in 2005. Mr. Harrell managed the acquiring company s business in the New Orleans area. Mr. Harrell
currently serves as Vice President of Support Services, MC A, Inc., a corporate event and travel company which specializes in event
solutions, corporate meetings, incentive programs and sporting events. He also served as Vice President of Pete Fountain Entertainment,
LLC, which until March 2003 operated one of the largest jazz clubs in New Orleans. From 1975 to 2016, Mr. Harrell served as personal
manager for the internationally noted jazz artist, Pete Fountain. Mr. Harrell handled all aspects of Mr. Fountain s career, including
promotion, concerts, personal appearances and commercial endorsements. From 1985 through 2003, Mr. Harrell served as President of Crescent
Sound Light, Inc, a professional sound, lighting, video and staging company for the convention and entertainment industry. Mr.
Harrell served as a Director of the New Orleans Metropolitan Convention and Visitors Bureau from 1997 through 1999. On January 15, 2004,
Mr. Harrell was elected to the Board of Directors of Mississippi Gaming Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Board
believes Mr. Harrell is qualified to serve as a Director due to his prior experience as a Director of the Company and his extensive knowledge
of, familiarity with, and active participation in all aspects of the Diamondhead Project, including Gaming Site Approval. 

Gregory
A. Harrison, Ph.D., P.E . has served as a Director of the Company since February 20, 1998. On June 16, 2015, Dr. Harrison was appointed
Chairman of the Board of the Company. Dr. Harrison was appointed Vice-President of the Company on July 18, 2002. Mr. Harrison served
as Secretary of the Company from July 25, 2002 until January 2012. Dr. Harrison is a consulting forensic engineer with over fifty years
of diversified fire protection/safety/project engineering experience with NASA, DOD, NBS, NRC, ARAMCO, and Tenera, L.P. Dr. Harrison
is a professional engineer licensed in six states and, effective August 27, 2004, became a Professional Engineer licensed to practice
in the state of Mississippi. Dr. Harrison is an expert with respect to the concept of Highly Protective Risk (HPR), Factory Mutual Engineering
standards of care and HPR insurance principles and is intimately familiar with Factory Mutual Global Insurance construction requirements.
Dr. Harrison has qualified as an expert witness in various courts in fourteen states and the District of Columbia. Dr. Harrison received
a B.S. degree in Fire Protection Engineering from the University of Maryland, an M.S. degree in Civil Engineering from the University
of Maryland, an M.S. degree in Engineering Administration from George Washington University and a Ph.D. in Safety Engineering from Kennedy-Western
University. Dr. Harrison has held a top secret security clearance with the U.S. Department of Energy, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission,
and the Department of Defense. Dr. Harrison has served on the Board of Directors of Data Measurement Corporation and was an Advisory
Board member of United Bank and First Patriot National Bank. The Board believes Mr. Harrison is qualified to serve as a Director due
to his prior experience as a director on other Boards, due to his prior experience as a Director and Vice-President of the Company when
it was an operating casino entity, and due to his background and experience in construction management, structural engineering, environmental
engineering, fire protection and life safety. 

Robert
S. Crow, III has served as a Director of the Company since April 20, 2015. Mr. Crow is a licensed real estate agent with extensive
experience in contract negotiations involving real estate and mortgage banking, having closed on approximately five hundred homes. Mr.
Crow also has experience in land development, home renovations, and real estate marketing. Since approximately 1976, Mr. Crow s
sales have placed him in the top 1 of real estate agents in the United States. Since 1991, Mr. Crow has worked as an independent contractor
for RE/MAX Realty Group located in Gaithersburg, Maryland. Mr. Crow has been involved in various City projects and several zoning related
matters and has served on the Executive Committee of his neighborhood Citizen s Association. Mr. Crow has been a shareholder of
the Company for over fifteen years, is intimately familiar with the Company, its history, its former operations, and the history of the
Diamondhead Property, which he has inspected. The Board believes Mr. Crow is qualified to serve as a Director due to his extensive experience
in contract negotiations and real estate. 

22 

Daniel
G. Burstyn was appointed to the Board of Directors May 1, 2018. Mr. Burstyn is a technology-focused entrepreneur. Mr. Burstyn has
developed his own proprietary applications as a programmer and develops web, mobile, and cryptocurrency and/or blockchain solutions for
entrepreneurs and various corporations and other entities. From approximately October of 2010 to approximately July of 2012, Mr. Burstyn
co-created an online aggregate shopping cart platform which was built, but never launched by Stashr, an entity he co-founded. From approximately
October of 2012 to February of 2014, Mr. Burstyn founded and co-developed SpaceMatch, LLC, which sought to develop an online commercial
real estate marketplace. From approximately March of 2014 to December of 2015, Mr. Burstyn acted as Chief Operating Officer of Neuromore,
LLC, a signal-processing software company where he planned and directed global business strategy and the implementation of cloud-based
SaaS revenue channels with biosensor manufacturers, research institutions and other customers. Since approximately October of 2016, Mr.
Burstyn has co-owned and operated CliqFix, LLC, a business that develops web and mobile applications as well as cutting-edge cryptocurrency,
cryptoasset, and blockchain solutions. Since January of 2018, Mr. Burstyn has owned and operated Live Rigs, LLC, a business that builds
machines for the purpose of mining cryptocurrencies. Mr. Burstyn received a B.S. degree in commerce in 2010 from the University of Virginia,
McIntire School of Commerce where he concentrated on marketing and finance. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted rules to implement certain requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 pertaining to
public company audit committees. One of the rules requires a company to disclose whether it has an audit committee financial expert 
serving on its audit committee. Based on its review of the criteria of an audit committee financial expert under the rule adopted by
the SEC, the Board of Directors does not believe that any member of the Board of Directors would be described as an audit committee financial
expert. At this time, the Board of Directors acts collectively as the Audit Committee and such efforts are coordinated by Director Martin
Blount, who, by virtue of the fact that he is not an officer or employee of the Company, is considered an independent Director. 

The
Compensation Committee is composed of two Directors: Robert S. Crow II and Martin C. Blount. The Board of Directors has determined that
all members of the Committee are independent Directors based on the general independence standards adopted by the Board. 

The
Compensation Committee has no written charter and convenes at regularly scheduled meetings of the Board of Directors. The Compensation
Committee advises and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors as to the compensation to be paid to Executive Officers of the
Company. In addition, the Compensation Committee advises and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors as to options to purchase
common stock, if any, to be awarded. 

The
Nominating Committee is composed of two Directors: Martin C. Blount and Benjamin J. Harrell. The Board of Directors has determined that
Mr. Blount is an independent Director based on the general independence standards adopted by the Board. Mr. Harrell does not meet the
general independence standards as adopted by the Board of Directors and, therefore, serves in an ex-officio capacity. 

The
Committee considers and reviews, from time to time, the appropriate size and composition of the Board and anticipates future vacancies
and needs of the Board. In evaluating possible nominees, the Board considers, among other things, the background, experience, education
and knowledge of a candidate, his familiarity with the gaming industry and related industries, his experience with publicly-traded entities,
and his integrity and judgment. The Board considers the potential contribution a candidate will bring to the backgrounds, experience,
and skills of the existing Board of Directors. The Board also considers a candidate s ability to devote sufficient time and effort
to his duties as a Director. After evaluation and review of candidates who meet the Board s criteria, the Committee considers its
then-current needs and selects the nominees that best suit those needs. 

The
Board will consider candidates recommended by stockholders, provided the names of such nominees, accompanied by relevant biographical
information, are properly submitted, in writing, to the Secretary of the Company. The nominees will be submitted to the Board of Directors
and receive the same consideration as those nominees identified by members of the Board of Directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company adopted a Code of Ethics in 2004 that applies to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code was attached as an exhibit in a prior year s
annual report. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be made available to any shareholder, free of charge, upon written request to the Company. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s directors and executive officers, and persons who own more
than 10 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of Common Stock. These persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies
of all such reports they file. 

23 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

The
Company accrued salary payable to only one executive in 2022, the President and CEO, who also serves as a Director, Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer and Secretary of the Registrant and who held various positions in the Registrant s subsidiaries. The Board of Directors
monitors and approves compensation paid to executives of the Company. 

Executive
Compensation 

The
Board of Directors determined Ms. Vitale s base salary to be 300,000 per annum. Ms. Vitale s base salary reflects her contribution
to the Company in a myriad of corporate roles and responsibilities. The Board recognized that Ms. Vitale manages the Company s
business without the benefit of any administrative staff normally associated with the management of a publicly traded company at significant
savings to the Company. Since mid-November of 2009, the Company has, from time to time, been unable to pay Ms. Vitale the salary due
her because of a lack of funds . At December 31, 2022, Ms. Vitale was entitled to cash compensation of 3,366,996 for services
rendered from 2010 through 2022, which has accrued and is unpaid at December 31, 2022. In addition, on October 12, 2012, the Board of
Directors approved a motion to pay interest at 9 per annum on the unpaid compensation due Ms. Vitale retroactive to the outstanding
amounts due beginning in 2010 through the date of actual payment. The following table sets forth the amounts due Ms. Vitale for unpaid
salary for each of the years 2010 through 2022 and the interest due thereon. None of the accrued salary or interest has been paid to
Ms. Vitale to date. 

TOTAL 
 SALARY 
 SALARY 
 INTEREST 
 
 YEAR 
 SALARY 
 PAID 
 ACCRUED 
 EARNED 
 
 2010 
 300,000 
 161,538 
 138,462 
 3,221 
 
 2011 
 300,000 
 96,466 
 203,534 
 18,837 
 
 2012 
 300,000 
 None 
 300,000 
 43,462 
 
 2013 
 300,000 
 None 
 300,000 
 70,428 
 
 2014 
 300,000 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 91,739 
 
 2015 
 300,000 
 125,000 
 175,000 
 101,899 
 
 2016 
 300,000 
 None 
 300,000 
 126,463 
 
 2017 
 300,000 
 None 
 300,000 
 153,463 
 
 2018 
 300,000 
 None 
 300,000 
 180,463 
 
 2019 
 300,000 
 None 
 300,000 
 207,463 
 
 2020 
 300,000 
 None 
 300,000 
 234,457 
 
 2021 
 300,000 
 None 
 300,000 
 261,457 
 
 2022 
 300,000 
 None 
 300,000 
 288,457 

3,900,000 
 533,004 
 3,366,996 
 1,781,809 

24 

The
following table provides information concerning the accrual of salary and other compensation of the President and Chief Executive Officer.
No salary was paid to any officer of the Company in 2022 or 2021. 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Non-Equity 
 Nonqualified 
 (2) 

Incentive 
 Deferred 
 All 

Name and 
 
 (1) 
 
 Stock 
 Option 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 Other 

Occupation 
 Year 
 Salary
 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Deborah A. Vitale 
 2022 
 300,000 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 303,457 
 603,457 
 
 President 
 2021 
 300,000 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 276,457 
 576,457 

(1) 
 In
 2022 and 2021, none of Ms. Vitale s salary compensation was paid to her and, therefore, the 300,000 of salary compensation
 owing to her for 2022 and 2021 will be paid to her when Company finances permit. 

(2) 
 In
 2022, Ms. Vitale earned an annual Director s fee of 15,000. In addition, in 2022,
 Ms. Vitale earned interest in the amount of 288,457 on the portion of her unpaid salary
 for the years 2010 through 2022. In 2021, Ms. Vitale earned an annual Director s fee
 of 15,000. In addition, in 2021, Ms. Vitale earned interest in the amount of 261,457 on
 the portion of her unpaid salary for the years 2011 through 2021. 

The
following tables provide a summary of the outstanding equity awards of the President at December 31, 2022. 

SUMMARY
OF OUTSANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR END 

Option
Awards 

Equity 

Incentive 

Plan 

Awards 

Number of 
 Number of 
 Number of 

Securities 
 Securities 
 Securities 

Underlying 
 Underlying 
 Underlying 

Unexercised 
 Unexercised 
 Unexpired 
 Option 
 Option 

Options 
 Options 
 Unexercised 
 Exercise 
 Expiration 
 
 Name 
 Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 Options 
 Price 
 Date 
 
 Deborah A. Vitale 
 2,
 000,000 
 None 
 None 
 0.19 
 12/31/2023 

750,000 
 None 
 None 
 0.30 
 12/31/2023 

75,000 
 None 
 None 
 0.75 
 12/31/2023 

140,000 
 None 
 None 
 0.46 
 12/31/2023 

Stock
Awards 

Equity 
 Incentive 

Incentive 
 Plan Awards 

Plan Awards 
 Market or 

Number of 
 Payout Value 

Number of 
 Market Value of 
 Unearned 
 of Unearned 

Shares or Units 
 Shares or Units 
 Shares, Units or 
 Shares, Units or 

Of Stock That 
 Of Stock That 
 Other Rights That 
 Other Rights That 

Have Not 
 Have Not 
 Have Not 
 Have Not 
 
 Name 
 Vested 
 Vested 
 Vested 
 Vested 
 
 Deborah A. Vitale 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 

25 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 

Number of 
 
 Number of 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 

Acquired 
 Realized 
 Acquired 
 Realized 

On 
 On 
 On 
 On 
 
 Name 
 Exercise 
 Exercise 
 Vesting 
 Vesting 

Deborah A. Vitale 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 

The
Company sponsors an employee stock ownership plan which is a tax deferred defined contribution pension plan formed in 1994. Ms. Vitale
has been a plan participant since 1998. No contributions were made to Ms. Vitale s participant account for the years ending December
31, 2022 or 2021. 

At
December 31, 2022, Ms. Vitale was 100 vested in 447,272 shares of common stock which were contributed to the plan on her behalf in past
years . 

Directors 
Compensation 

Effective
January 1, 2013, the directors of the Company are entitled to be compensated at a rate of 15,000 per annum. No director received directors 
fees in the years 2022 or 2021. Each Director is eligible for an annual payment in the amount of 15,000 as long as they remain a Director
through December 31 of the applicable year, absent death or incapacitation. The annual payment to new directors will be prorated based
upon months served in their initial year as a Director. Directors are reimbursed for certain approved expenses incurred in connection
with Company business and for certain approved expenses incurred in connection with attendance at non-telephonic Board, committee, or
other meetings. Directors are from time to time, awarded non-qualified options to purchase common stock of the Company. 

The
table below summarizes amounts accrued for Director Compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022 for all directors other than the
President, who is also a Director of the Company and whose compensation is itemized above. The Company did not have funds with which
to pay any of the Directors the compensation earned. 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

Earned or 

Non- Equity 
 Deferred 

Paid in 
 Stock 
 Option 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 All Other 

Cash 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Gregory A. Harrison 
 15,000 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 10,903 
 25,903 
 
 Benjamin Harrell 
 15,000 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 15,000 
 
 Martin Blount 
 15,000 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 15,000 
 
 Robert Crow 
 15,000 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 15,000 
 
 Daniel Burstyn 
 15,000 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 15,000 

(1)
 
 Mr.
 Harrison earned 10,903 of interest in 2022 which accrued to his benefit for unpaid salary for the years 2010 and 2011. None of the
 above interest due was paid to Mr. Harrison in 2022. 

Other
Compensation Arrangements 

Gregory
A. Harrison, the current Chairman of the Board of Directors and a Vice President of the Company, was a compensated employee of the Company
until December 31, 2011. The Company owes Mr. Harrison unpaid salary of 121,140 for services rendered in years prior to 2012. On October
12, 2012, the Board of Directors approved a motion to pay interest at 9 per annum on the unpaid compensation due Mr. Harrison retroactive
to the outstanding amounts due beginning in 2010 through the date of actual payment. Interest on the unpaid salary due to Mr. Harrison
amounted to 10,903 in both 2022 and 2021. The total accrued interest through December 31, 2022 was 129,709. None of the interest due
to Mr. Harrison has been paid to date. 

26 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 29, 2023, to the Company s knowledge, based on filings with the Securities Exchange
Commission by certain beneficial owners and/or information received by the Company, the beneficial ownership of the outstanding Voting
Stock held by (i) each person or entity beneficially owning more than 5 of the shares of any class of Voting Stock, (ii) each director,
nominee, and certain executive officers, individually, and (iii) all directors and executive officers as a group. The Common Stock and
the Voting Preferred Stock vote as a single class and each share thereof is entitled to one vote per share. 

BENEFICIAL OWNER 
 AMOUNT OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 
 CLASS OF STOCK 
 PERCENT OF CLASS 
 PERCENT OF VOTING (1) 
 
 Europa Cruises Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Plan Trust Deborah A. Vitale, Trustee (2) 1013 Princess Street Alexandria, Virginia 22314 
 1,750,010 
 Common 
 4.48 
 4.29 

Deborah A. Vitale (2)(3) Director, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer Chairman, President, Secretary and Treasurer of Casino World, Inc. Chairman, President, Secretary and Treasurer of Mississippi Gaming Corporation 1013 Princess Street Alexandria, Virginia 22314 
 5,929,282 
 Common 
 15.18 
 14.52 

Gregory Harrison (4) Chairman and Vice President 16209 Kimberly Grove Gaithersburg, Maryland 20878 
 2,114,701 
 Common 
 5.42 
 5.18 

Benjamin J. Harrell (5) Director and Vice President 162 Hesper Avenue Metairie, Louisiana 70005 
 835,025 
 Common 
 2.14 
 2.05 

Martin Blount (6) Director 1320 Maryland Ave Washington, D.C. 20002 
 200,000 
 Common 
 0.51 
 0.49 

Robert S. Crow III (7) Director 5910 Coral Sea Avenue Rockville, Maryland 20851 
 1,129,869 
 Common 
 2.89 
 2.77 

Daniel G. Burstyn (8)(10) Director 2828 Lemmon Ave., Apt. 5103 Dallas, Texas 75204 
 40,000 
 Common 
 0.10 
 0.10 

Serco International Financial Advisory and Management Services Limited (9) 
 901,831 
 Common 
 2.31 
 2.21 

900,000 
 Preferred S-NR 
 100.00 

P.O. Box 52 A-1072 Vienna, Austria 
 926,000 
 Preferred S 
 100.00 

Austroinvest International Limited (9) 
 901,831 
 Common 
 2.31 
 2.21 
 
 30, DeCastro Street, 
 900,000 
 Preferred S-NR 
 100.00 

Road Town Tortola, British Virgin Islands 
 926,000 
 Preferred S 
 100.00 

Serco America Corporation (9) 
 901,831 
 Common 
 2.31 
 2.21 
 
 4, George Street 
 900,000 
 Preferred S-NR 
 100.00 

Mareva House P.O. Box N-3937 Nassau, Bahamas 
 926,000 
 Preferred S 
 100.00 

Ernst G. Walter (9) 
 901,831 
 Common 
 2.31 
 2.21 
 
 P.O. Box 15 
 900,000 
 Preferred S-NR 
 100.00 

1072 Vienna, Austria 
 926,000 
 Preferred S 
 100.00 

College Health and Investment Ltd. (10) College Health and Investment LP (8) Samuel I. Burstyn, General Partner 701 Brickell Avenue, 24th Fl Miami, FL 33131 
 2,565,982 
 Common 
 6.57 
 6.28 

All Directors Executive Officers (6 Persons) 
 
 Common 
 26.24 
 25.10 

(1) 
 Common
 Stock, Series S-NR Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock have been combined for the purpose of calculating voting percentages. 

27 

(2) 
 The
 Europa Cruises Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP was established on August 18, 1994. The Trustee of
 the ESOP is Deborah A. Vitale. As of December 31, 2022 a total of 2,295,450 ESOP shares had been released for allocation to participants
 in the ESOP and an additional 954,540 shares had been forfeited by the Trust. The participants in the ESOP are entitled to direct
 the Trustee as to the manner in which the Company s allocated shares are voted. The remaining 1,750,010 unallocated shares
 are voted by the Trustee. The Trustee is required to vote the unallocated ESOP shares in the best interests of the ESOP beneficiaries. 

(3) 
 Includes
 1,750,010 unallocated common shares of the ESOP Trust; 767,001 shares of Common Stock owned directly by Ms. Vitale; options to purchase
 2,965,000 shares of Common Stock; and 447,272 shares of Common Stock, which represent shares of Common Stock held in Ms. Vitale s
 fully vested ESOP participant account. 

(4) 
 Includes
1,347,759 shares of Common Stock owned directly by Mr. Harrison; options to purchase 450,000 shares of Common Stock; 15,275 shares of
Common Stock held in Mr. Harrison s fully vested ESOP participation account; 35,000 shares of common stock to be issued to Mr.
Harrison pursuant to an agreement to cancel an indemnification agreement and 100,000 shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection
with notes payable issued in 2021. Pursuant to a Private Placement dated February 14, 2014, on March 31, 2014, Mr. Harrison purchased
a Collateralized Convertible Senior Debenture convertible into 166,667 shares of Common Stock. The conditions required for conversion
of this Debenture into Common Stock of the Company were never met. Assuming the conditions required for conversion are met in the future,
Mr. Harrison s Debenture would be converted into a total of 166,667 shares of Common Stock without any action on the part of Mr.
Harrison, at which time his holdings, assuming no other changes occurred, would total 2,114,701. 

(5) 
 Includes
 400,025 shares of Common Stock owned directly by Mr. Harrell and options to purchase 435,000 shares of Common Stock. 

(6) 
 Consists
 of options to purchase 200,000 shares of Common Stock. 

(7) 
 Includes
 1,029,869 shares of Common Stock owned directly by Mr. Crow and options to purchase 100,000 shares of Common Stock. 

(8) 
 Consists
 of options to purchase 40,000 shares of Common Stock. Mr. Burstyn is the son of the General Partner of College Health Investment
 LP, and College Health Investment Ltd. See footnote 10 below. 

(9) 
 Serco
 International Financial Advisory and Management Services Ltd., Austroinvest International Limited, and Serco America Corporation
 are affiliated entities. The Company is informed that Dr. Ernst Walter is the sole Director and President of each company. The total
 beneficial ownership of securities of the Company held by the foregoing includes: 901,831 shares of Common Stock owned by Serco International
 Financial Advisory and Management Services, Ltd.; 926,000 shares of Series S Preferred Stock owned by Austroinvest International
 Limited; and 900,000 shares of Series S-NR Preferred Stock owned by Serco America Corporation. 

(10) 
 Includes
 1,659,868 shares of Common Stock owned by College Health Investment LP, 506,164 shares of Common Stock owned by College Health
 Investment Ltd, 200,000 shares of Common Stock owned by Alana Burstyn, 199,950 shares of Common Stock owned by Sean Burstyn,
 c/o Burstyn. The foregoing persons and entities appear to share a common address, 701 Brickell Avenue, Miami, FL 33131. Samuel I.
 Burstyn is the General Partner of College Health Investment LP, which the General Partner maintains, is also known as College
 Health Investment, Ltd. Daniel G. Burstyn, a Director of the Company, is the son of Samuel I. Burstyn. Does not include 200,000
 shares of Common Stock held by Shari Jakobowitz, Custodian FBO Ava Burstyn under the Florida Uniform Transfer Minor Act. 

28 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

On
August 18, 1994, the Company (f/k/a Europa Cruises Corporation), established the Europa Cruises Corporation Employee Stock Ownership
Plan (the ESOP ). The ESOP, which is a qualified retirement plan under the provisions of Section 401(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code and an employee stock ownership plan within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(7) of the Internal Revenue Code, was established
primarily to invest in stock of the Company. All employees as of December 31, 1994, and subsequent new employees having completed 1,000
hours of service, are eligible to participate in the ESOP. The Company also established a trust called the Europa Cruises Corporation
Employee Stock Ownership Plan Trust Agreement, to serve as the funding vehicle for the ESOP. Deborah A. Vitale is the sole Trustee of
the Trust. 

As
of December 31, 2022 a total of 2,295,450 shares of Common Stock had been released for allocation to participants in the ESOP. An additional
954,540 shares had been forfeited by the Trust. The Company made no contributions to the ESOP Plan for the years ended December 31, 2011
through December 31, 2022. The participants in the ESOP are entitled to direct the Trustee as to the manner in which the Company s
allocated shares are voted. The remaining 1,750,010 unallocated shares are voted by the Trustee. The Trustee is required to vote the
unallocated ESOP shares in the best interests of the ESOP beneficiaries. 

On
August 21, 1994, the Company loaned 4,275,000 to the ESOP in exchange for a ten-year promissory note bearing interest at eight percent
per annum. On August 24, 1994, the ESOP purchased 2,880,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock with the proceeds of the loan.
On August 25, 1994, the Company loaned an additional 3,180,000 to the ESOP in exchange for a ten year promissory note bearing interest
at eight percent per annum. On August 26, 1994, the ESOP purchased an additional 2,120,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock
with the proceeds of the loan. The shares of Common Stock were pledged to the Company as security for the loans. The promissory notes
will be repaid with the proceeds of annual contributions made by the Company to the ESOP. In April of 1995, the Company agreed to extend
the maturity of the loans to twenty years. Effective for the Plan year beginning January 1, 2001, the Company amended the plan and related
loans for the purpose of limiting excise tax liability for plan contributions in excess of IRS Code Section 415 limitations. To accomplish
this, the Company agreed to extend the maturity of the loans to fifty years. 

The
Company leases a furnished and equipped townhouse office from its President at 1013 Princess Street, in Alexandria, Virginia 22314, pursuant
to a Landlord/Tenant Month to Month Lease. The terms of the lease, as adjusted for square footage and certain other applicable differences,
were based on the terms of the last lease signed by the Company with an unrelated third party for unfurnished office space leased in
Largo, Florida. The lease calls for payment by the Company of a base rent in the amount of 4,534 per month, or 54,408 per year, for
approximately 2,473 square feet of commercial space, in addition to any and all expenses relating to the property, including property
taxes, property insurance, telephone, electric, water and cable. The Company s office and all of its active files are located in
this office. 

In
2022 and 2021, the President received no payments for base rent and the entire base rent due, in the amount of 54,408 per year, was
accrued. 

Rent
expense associated with this lease amounted to base rent in the amount of 54,408 and associated rental costs of 30,737 for a total
of 85,145 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and base rent in the amount of 54,408 and associated rental costs of 27,808 for a total
 82,216 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

At
December 31, 2022, the President is owed a total of 568,569 under the lease agreement. 

29 

The
President of the Company is owed deferred salary in the principal amount of 3,366,996 and the Vice President and current Chairman of
the Board of the Company is owed deferred salary in the principal amount of 121,140 as of December 31, 2022. On October 12, 2012, the
Board of Directors approved a motion to pay these individuals interest of 9 per annum on their deferred compensation retroactive to
amounts due beginning in 2010 through the date of actual payment. Accrued interest on deferred salary for both individuals through December
31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 1,911,518 and 1,612,158, respectively. 

Loans
and Advances from the Chairman of the Board of Directors 

The
Chairman of the Board of the Company is the Holder of a Tranche I Debenture issued by the Company in 2014 in the principal amount of
 50,000. The Chairman is one of the secured parties under a Land Deed of Trust recorded on September 26, 2014 in Hancock County, Mississippi,
to secure Tranche I and Tranche II Debentures issued by the Company in 2014. Under paragraph 5 of the Land Deed of Trust, a secured party
who advances sums for taxes due on the Property is secured by the same Land Deed of Trust, but only at that interest rate specified in
the note representing the primary indebtedness, namely 4 per annum. 

In
2016, the Company received cash advances totaling 47,500 from seven lenders which included 17,500 from two current Directors of
the Company (Harrison and Vitale). The proceeds from the cash advances were earmarked for the payment of accounting and auditing
fees and other expenses required to file the Company s Form 10-Q. On August 25, 2016, the Company issued a Note to the
foregoing lenders which matures four years from the date of issuance and bears interest at 8 per annum, with a full year of
interest accruing in any year in which the advance remains unpaid. Accrued interest due on the above notes amounted to 14,200 and
 12,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are included in current liabilities on the
consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. This note is secured by a second lien on the Diamondhead
Property. 

In
August 2016, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company also loaned the Company 90,000. On August 25, 2016, the Company issued
a Note to the Chairman. The Note bears interest at 14 per annum effective August 1, 2016 and matures four years from the date of issuance.
This note is also secured by the second lien on the Diamondhead Property. The proceeds of the loan were used for the payment of Mississippi
property taxes and auditing, accounting and other corporate expenses. Accrued interest due on the above note amounted to 80,882 and 68,262 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In
July 2017, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company paid all property taxes due, together with all interest due thereon,
to Hancock County, Mississippi on the approximate 400-acre tract of land, owned by Mississippi Gaming Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. The total amount advanced was 67,628. 

The
Chairman advanced the 67,628 on condition that: (i) the advance constitute a lien with interest at 4 per annum under that Land Deed
of Trust recorded September 26, 2014; (ii) he be paid additional interest of 11 per annum on the amount advanced and owing and that
the full 11 interest per annum is payable during any calendar year in which all or part of the amount advanced and owing or interest
due thereon remains unpaid; (iii) this additional interest obligation be treated as a separate and secured debt of the Company, to be
evidenced by a separate note and is secured with a separate and third lien to be placed on the Property (hereafter the Third Lien 
(iv) the entire obligation will be treated as an advance to be paid out of any subsequent incoming financing obtained by the Company
or any amounts recovered by the Company from a defendant in that collection action brought by the Company in the Circuit Court of Montgomery
County, Maryland; and (v) he be indemnified for any losses sustained on the sale of that common stock sold to cover the payment of real
estate property taxes and any credit card fees associated with payment. The Chairman has identified the common stock to be sold and will
provide the Company with the documentation required to document the sale of said stock and to calculate the future loss, if any, on said
stock. The fair value measurement of the derivative indemnification liability at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was developed using Level
1 inputs, which was valued at 0. On February 4, 2022, the Board of Directors entered into an agreement
with the Chairman to issue 35,000 shares of common stock of the Company to the Chairman to repurchase the indemnification. On
September 30, 2018, Mississippi Gaming Corporation issued a secured promissory note, due one year from the date of issue, to the Chairman
for an amount up to 100,000 to cover the principal and interest due with respect to this note. On August 21, 2018, Mississippi Gaming
Corporation placed a third lien on the Property to secure this obligation for 100,000. Accrued interest on the note amounted to 59,360
and 49,194 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

30 

In
March 2018, the Board of Directors voted to increase up to an additional 200,000 the amount secured by the third lien in favor of the
Chairman of the Board, for amounts advanced by the Chairman on behalf of the Company, on the following terms and conditions, namely,
that (is) the advance constitutes a lien on the Property with interest at 15 per annum; (ii) that the full interest of 15 per annum
is payable during any calendar year in which all or part of the amount advanced is due and owing or interest due thereon remains unpaid;
(iii) that this debt be evidenced by a separate promissory note and is to be included in and secured with a third lien that is to be
placed on the Diamondhead Property to secure previous advances made to the Company (hereafter the Third Lien (iv) that
he be indemnified for any losses sustained on the sale of his common stock in an unrelated publicly-traded company to be sold to cover
this advance based on a sales price of approximately 2.80 per share with a cap on the maximum loss per share to be at a sales price
of 10.00 per share; and (v) that the Chairman s previous indemnification approved by the Board of Directors on July 24, 2017 with
respect to any loss on the sale of the same stock also be capped at a maximum of 10.00 per share. The Chairman will provide the Company
with the documentation required to document the sale of said stock and to calculate the losses on said stock for all amounts loaned to
the Company from the sale of said stock. On June 30, 2018, Mississippi Gaming Corporation issued a secured promissory note, due one year
from the date of issue to the Chairman, for an amount up to 200,000 to cover the principal and interest due with respect to this note.
On August 21, 2018, Mississippi Gaming Corporation placed a third lien on the Diamondhead Property to secure this obligation for 200,000. 

In
November 2018, the Board of Directors voted to increase up to an additional 100,000 of advances from the Chairman and in March of 2019,
the Board of Directors voted to increase the limit of the advances to 200,000. The terms of this advance are identical to the terms
as approved above in March 2018. 

In
July 2020, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company paid a total of 67,076 for property taxes due for the year 2019 on
the Company s 400-acre Diamondhead, Mississippi Property, plus 1,573 in related fees. In July 2021, a fourteenth lien was placed
on the Property to secure a promissory note in the amount of 150,000 issued to the Chairman to secure the payment of these taxes and
fees and interest due thereon. 

In
May 2021, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company paid a total of 62,610 for property taxes due for the year 2020 on the
Company s 400-acre Diamondhead, Mississippi Property, plus 1,468 in related fees. In July 2021, a fifteenth lien was placed on
the Property to secure a promissory note in the amount of 100,000 issued to the Chairman to secure the payment of these taxes and fees
and interest due thereon. 

In
May of 2021, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company loaned the Company 50,000 on the same terms and conditions as loans
made by certain unrelated third parties in 2020 and 2021. In July 2021, a sixteenth lien was placed on the Property to secure a non-interest
bearing promissory note issued to the Chairman to secure the payment of this loan, which totals 50,000 in principal and calls for the
issuance of 100,000 shares of common stock. The note is not convertible. As of the issuance date of these financial statements, no shares
have been issued. The Company recorded an initial fair value of the stock of 33,500, which was determined by the fair value of the Company s
common stock at the date of the loan. The fair value of the stock was recorded as a debt discount, which will be amortized to interest
expense over the life of the note. During the year ended December 31, 2021, 19,916 of the debt discount was amortized to interest expense.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the remaining 13,584 of debt discount was amortized to interest expense. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Chairman had advanced a total of 467,953, net of repayment of 16,250, under both the March 2018 and March 2019
arrangements and was owed accrued interest in the amount of and 279,754 and 210,094 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

31 

Loans
and Advances from the President 

On
July 24, 2017, the President of the Company, who is a Director of the Company, agreed to advance the Company up to 20,000 for the payment
of expenses. In March of 2018, the Board of Directors voted to increase to up to 100,000 the amount to be secured by a third lien in
favor of the President of the Company for amounts advanced by the President under this note, on the following terms and conditions, namely,
that (i) she be paid interest of 15 per annum on the amount advanced and owing and that the full 15 interest per annum is payable during
any calendar year in which all or part of the amount advanced and owing or interest due thereon remains unpaid; (ii) the obligation in
the maximum principal amount of 100,000 with interest due thereon be treated as a secured debt of the Company, to be evidenced by a
separate note and to be secured with a separate lien to be placed on the Diamondhead Property the Third Lien together
with the Chairman s Third Lien, as well as a first lien to be placed on the residential lot owned by the Company; (iii) that the
Third Lien on the Diamondhead Property also include the two loans 25,000 and 15,000) and interest due thereon and credit facilities
in the maximum amount of 15,000; and (iv) that the foregoing will be treated as advances to be paid out of any subsequent incoming financing
obtained by the Company or any amounts recovered by the Company from a defendant in that collection action brought by the Company in
the Circuit Court of Montgomery County, Maryland. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the President had advanced a total of 23,620, net of repayments of 49,949,
under this agreement. The President previously agreed to secure a 25,000 loan and interest due thereon and to secure and guarantee
a 15,000 loan and interest due thereon due non-related parties discussed above. The President is also personally liable for certain
bank-issued credit cards used by the Company to pay expenses incurred by the Company in the approximate amount of 18,000. On September
30, 2018, Mississippi Gaming Corporation issued a secured promissory note, due one year from date of issue, to the President for an amount
up to 100,000 to cover the principal and interest due with respect to this note. On August 21, 2018, Mississippi gaming Corporation
placed a third lien on the Diamondhead Property to secure this obligation for 100,000. Accrued interest due on this note amounted to
 41,409 and 33,946 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
third lien placed on the Diamondhead Property, which secures the above three promissory notes, totals up to 400,000 and is payable to
the Chairman of the Board 300,000) and President 100,000) of the Company. 

In
January 2021, a fourth lien in the amount of 2,000,000 was placed on the Diamondhead Property to secure a non-interest-bearing note
payable in the amount of 2,000,000, issued in November 2020 to secure amounts owed to the President of the Company for accrued, but
unpaid, salary, rent and other expenses. 

In
February 2021, a fifth lien in the amount of 658,750 was placed on the Diamondhead Property to secure a non-interest-bearing note payable
in the amount of 658,750, issued in November 2020 to secure amounts owed to nine directors, including the Company s six current
directors. 

The
principal balance of the notes payable due to the officers and directors discussed above was 720,651, net of debt discount of 0 and
 722,172, net of debt discount of 13,583, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 686,605
and 636,605, respectively was past due. 

The
Company s policies and procedures require Board of Director approval of any related party transaction that involves an Officer
or Director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

Director
Independence 

The
Company has no written independence standards it follows in making a determination as to Director independence. However, in evaluating
the independence of its members, the Company s management determined that Mr. Blount, Mr. Crow and Mr. Burstyn are independent
directors by virtue of the fact that they are not officers or employees of the Company. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
table below depicts the fees billed to Diamondhead Casino Corporation by the Company s independent auditors in each of the last two years: 

Description of Services 
 2022 
 2021 

Audit Fees 
 68,425 
 172,500 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 
 - 

Total Fees Paid 
 68,425 
 172,500 

The
Board of Directors, acting collectively as the audit committee, assures that the Company complies with SEC rules to maintain auditor
independence as set forth in Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i) of Regulation S-X. The services above were approved, in advance, by the Board of Directors . 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Subsidiaries
of the Registrant: 

Mississippi
Gaming Corporation (Delaware) 

 Casino
World, Inc. (Delaware) 

 Europasky
Corporation (Delaware) 

Exhibits
 31.1 and 31.2 

Attached
to this report is the certification of the Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13A 14
of the Securities and Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

Exhibits
 32.1 and 32.2 

Attached
to this report is the certification of the Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer of the Company as required by 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 

Other
 Exhibits 

(a) 
 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on November 15, 1988. 

(e) 
 3.1.1 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on September 4, 1992. 

(e) 
 3.1.2 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on November 22, 2002. 

(a) 
 3.2 
 By-laws of the Company. 

(e) 
 3.2.1 
 Amendment of By-laws of the Company, dated February 16, 2015. 

(e) 
 4.1 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of Series S Voting, Non-Convertible, Redeemable Preferred Stock Par value 0.01 per Share as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on August 5, 1993. 

(e) 
 4.2 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of Series S-NR Voting, Non-Convertible, Non-Redeemable Preferred Stock Par value 0.01 per Share, as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on September 13, 1993. 

(e) 
 4.3 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of Series S-PIK Junior, Non-Voting, Convertible, Non-Redeemable Preferred Stock Par value 0.01 per Share, as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on March 23, 1994. 

(a) 
 10.1 
 Management Agreement between the Company and Casinos Austria Maritime Corporation dated June 19, 1993. 

(b) 
 10.6 
 Term Sheet (Redacted) for 1 Million Line of Credit dated October 22, 2008. 

(c) 
 10.7 
 Private Placement Memorandum dated March 1, 2010. 

(c) 
 10.7.1 
 Appendix (C) to Private Placement Memorandum dated March 1, 2010 (Form of Promissory Note). 

(c) 
 10.7.2 
 Appendix (D) to Private Placement Memorandum dated March 1, 2010 (Form of Warrant). 

(c) 
 10.8 
 Private Placement Memorandum dated October 25, 2010. 

(c) 
 10.8.1 
 Appendix (C) to Private Placement Memorandum dated October 25, 2010 (Form of Promissory Note). 

(c) 
 10.8.2 
 Appendix (D) to Private Placement Memorandum dated October 25, 2010 (Form of Warrant). 

(d) 
 10.9 
 Private Placement Memorandum dated February 14, 2014. 

(e) 
 10.9.1 
 Offers to Amend dated December 4, 2014. 

(f) 
 10.10 
 Secured Promissory Note dated August 25, 2016 issued by Mississippi Gaming Corporation. 

(g) 
 99.1 
 Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

33 

Index
to Exhibits 

(a) 
 Previously
 filed as an Exhibit to Form 10 Amendment 1 as filed on May 27, 2015 and incorporated by reference. 

(b) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 and incorporated by reference. 

(c) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and incorporated by reference. 

(d) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 4, 2014 and incorporated by reference. 

(e) 
 Previously
 filed as an Exhibit to Form 10 as filed on March 31, 2015 and incorporated by reference. 

(f) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated by reference. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Diamondhead
 Casino Corporation 

(Registrant) 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Deborah A. Vitale 

Deborah
 A. Vitale 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Gregory A. Harrison 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Gregory
 A. Harrison 

/s/
 Deborah A. Vitale 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Deborah
 A. Vitale 

/s/
 Benjamin J. Harrell 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Benjamin
 J. Harrell 

/s/
 Martin C. Blount 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Martin
 C. Blount 

/s/
 Robert S. Crow III 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Robert
 S. Crow III 

/s/
 Daniel G. Burstyn 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Daniel
 G. Burstyn 

35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Deborah A. Vitale, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Diamondhead Casino Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present,
in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and
we have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s
most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer s auditors and
the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date :
 March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Deborah A. Vitale 

Deborah
 A. Vitale 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Deborah A. Vitale, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Diamondhead Casino Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present,
in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and
we have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s
most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer s auditors and
the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Deborah A. Vitale 

Deborah
 A. Vitale 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Diamondhead Casino Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report I, Deborah A. Vitale, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company. 

DATE:
 March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Deborah A. Vitale 

By: 
 Deborah
 A. Vitale 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Diamondhead Casino Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report I, Deborah A. Vitale, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

(3) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(4) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company. 

DATE:
 March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Deborah A. Vitale 

By: 
 Deborah
 A. Vitale 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 ex99-1.htm

Exhibit
99.1 

DIAMONDHEAD
CASINO CORPORATION 

 AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB
ID No. 
 F-3 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 F-4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 F-5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 F-6 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 F-7 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

T o
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Diamondhead
Casino Corporation 

 Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Diamondhead Casino Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficiency and cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more
fully described in Note 2, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses, and needs to raise
additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Impairment
Assessment on Land 

Description
of the Matter 

As
discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has land held for development which is carried at cost of 5,476,097 at
December 31, 2022. The Company reviews long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by comparing the
carrying amount of the assets to the undiscounted future cash flows projected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered
impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount the carrying value exceeds the fair value of such assets determined
by appraisal, discounted cash flow projections, or other means. The Company determined that no impairment existed as of December
31, 2022. 

We
identified the evaluation of the impairment analysis of land as a critical audit matter. There was a high degree of subjective auditor
judgement required to evaluate whether the land was impaired. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The
following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. With the assistance of valuation specialists
employed by us, our audit procedures included, among others, understanding of and evaluating the methodology used by the Company, assessing
the reasonableness of the methodology of the underlying analysis, evaluating the significant assumptions and data inputs utilized in
the Company s analysis. 

/s/ 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2004 (such date takes into account the acquisition of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective
September 1, 2022). 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Diamondhead
Casino Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Diamondhead Casino Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statement of operations, changes in stockholders deficiency and
cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred significant recurring net losses over the past several years. In addition, the
Company has no operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The Company s continued existence is dependent upon its ability to raise the necessary capital with which to satisfy liabilities,
fund future costs and expenses and develop the Diamondhead, Mississippi property. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 2 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the board of directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Impairment
Assessment on Land 

As
discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has land held for development which is carried at cost of 5,476,097 at
December 31, 2021. The Company reviews long-lived assets whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by
comparing the carrying amount of the assets to the undiscounted future cash flows projected to be generated by the assets. If such assets
are considered impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount the carrying value exceeds the fair value of such
assets determined by appraisal, discounted cash flow projections, or other means. The Company determined that no impairment existed
as of December 31, 2021. 

We
identified the evaluation of the impairment analysis of land as a critical audit matter. There was a high degree of subjective auditor
judgement required to evaluate whether the land was impaired. 

To
test the Company s evaluation of the land for impairment, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, obtaining
an understanding of and evaluating the methodology used by the Company, and assessing the reasonableness of the methodology of the underlying
analysis. In addition, we evaluated significant assumptions and data inputs utilized in the Company s analysis. 

/s/

We have served as the Company s auditor from 2004-2022. 

March 21, 2022 

F- 3 

DIAMONDHEAD
CASINO CORPORATION 

 AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Land (Note 3) 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses due related parties (Note 4) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - others (Note 4) 

Convertible notes and line of credit payable (Note 5) 

Debenture payable (Note 6) 

Convertible debenture payable (Note 6) 

Short term notes and interest bearing advance (Note 7) 

Notes payable due related parties (net of unamortized debt discount of and , respectively) (Note 8) 

Notes payable due others (net of unamortized debt discount of and , respectively) (Note 9) 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 3 and 14) 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized , outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (aggregate liquidation preference of at December 31, 2022 and 2021) 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized , issued: at December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding: at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Unearned ESOP shares 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, at cost, and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See
the accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

DIAMONDHEAD
CASINO CORPORATION 

 AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 COSTS AND EXPENSES 

Administrative and general 

Other 

Total costs and expenses 

OTHER EXPENSE (INCOME) 

Interest expense: 

Related parties 

Other 

Total other expense (income), net 

NET LOSS 

PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS 

NET LOSS APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

See
the accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

DIAMONDHEAD
CASINO CORPORATION 

 AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 

Additional 

Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Unearned ESOP 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury Stock 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

Shares acquired from ESOP 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 Common stock to be issued in connection with notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock to be issued in connection with related party notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Shares acquired from ESOP 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 Common stock to be issued in connection with notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
the accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

DIAMONDHEAD
CASINO CORPORATION 

 AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related parties 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - other 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from note payable - others 

Proceeds (repayments) from notes payable issued to related parties 

Repayment of notes payable issued to related parties 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

- 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Unpaid preferred stock dividends in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Common stock to be issued in connection with notes payable 

Common stock to be issued in connection with related party notes payable 
 - 

See
the accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

DIAMONDHEAD
CASINO CORPORATION 

 AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company had an accumulated
deficit of at December 31, 2022. Due to its lack of financial resources, the Company has been forced to explore other alternatives,
including a sale of part or all of the Property. 

The
Company has had no operations since it ended its gambling cruise ship operations in 2000. Since that time, the Company has concentrated
its efforts on the development of its Diamondhead, Mississippi property. That development is dependent upon the Company obtaining the
necessary capital, through either equity and/or debt financing, unilaterally or in conjunction with one or more partners, to master plan,
design, obtain permits for, construct, open, and operate a casino resort. 

In
the past, in order to raise capital to continue to pay on-going costs and expenses, the Company has borrowed funds, through Private Placements
of convertible instruments as well as through other secured notes which are more fully described in Notes 5 through 9 to these consolidated
financial statements. The Company is in default with respect to payment of both principal and interest under the terms of most of these
instruments. In addition, at December 31, 2022, the Company had of accounts payable and accrued expenses and in cash
on hand. 

The
above conditions raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date
of that the consolidated financial statements are issued. 

COVID-19 

The
Company had no casino or other operations in 2020 and 2021 when COVID-19 surfaced. Therefore, the Company did not experience the adverse
consequences that other casino companies experienced from COVID-19 based on their cessation of casino-related operations. However, as
a result of COVID, the Company s sole employee, its President, was unable to travel domestically or internationally to meet with
potential investors or potential joint venture partners or to meet with outside, independent contractors. The extent to which COVID-19
may have affected the market for financing new construction in the hospitality, hotel and casino industries given the impact of COVID-19
on this segment of the economy is unknown. The Company did not incur any extraordinary expenses as a result of COVID-19, nor did it obtain
any loans under the CARES Act. 

Licenses 

Engineering and costs associated with permitting 

As
the loans are repaid, shares are released from the ESOP and allocated to qualified employees based upon the proportion of payments made
during the year to the remaining amount of payments due on the loans through maturity. Dividends, if any, are treated as follows: 

(1)
stock dividends on shares allocated to participant accounts shall be credited to the participant account when paid; and (2) cash dividends
on shares allocated to participant accounts shall, at the discretion of the Administrator, be credited to the participants Other
Investment Account or be used to reduce the indebtedness to the Company, in which case, shares bearing an equal value to the cash dividend
would be allocated to participant accounts. The Company has not paid any dividends on its common stock. 

For
the years 2011 through 2022, the Company elected to temporarily suspend contributions to the Plan, in accordance with the loan pledge
agreement between the Company and the ESOP Trust. For each year in which there was no contribution to the Plan, the Plan returned the
 shares, which would have been allocated to employees annually, to treasury. The Company has not filed the annual Form 550 reports
pertaining to the ESOP since the year ended December 31, 2015. 

accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

potentially convertible Debentures, since the requirements
for possible conversion had not yet been met and may never be met. 

Options to Purchase Common Shares 

Total 

options to purchase common stock to its six current directors, including
three officers of the Company, at a strike price of per share with an expiration date of December 31, 2023, as follows: Martin
Blount: ; Daniel Burstyn: ; Robert Crow: ; Benjamin Harrell: ; Gregory Harrison: and Deborah Vitale:
 . All options are vested. 

No
share-based awards were issued or amended in 2021 or 2022. 

On February 4, 2022, the Board of Directors entered into an agreement with the Chairman to issue shares of common stock of the Company to the Chairman to repurchase the indemnification. This repurchase eliminates any risk to the Company arising from the indemnification which could have been material. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company record stock-based compensation of for the fair value for these shares, which have not yet been issued as of the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements. 

Option
valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility. The Company uses
projected volatility rates, which are based upon historical volatility rates, trended into future years. Because the Company s
employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective
input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management s opinion, the existing models do not necessarily
provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the Company s options. 

Accrued interest due officers and directors 

Accrued director fees 

Base rents due to the President 

Associated rental costs 

Other 

Total related parties 

Non-related parties: 

Accrued interest 

Accrued dividends 

Accrued fines and penalties 

Other 

Total non-related parties 

.
The Line of Credit carries an interest rate on amounts borrowed of per annum. All funds originally advanced under the facility were
due and payable by . As an inducement to provide the facility, the lender was awarded an immediate option to purchase
 shares of common stock of the Company at per share. In addition, the lender received an option to purchase a maximum of
 additional shares of common stock of the Company at per share. The options expire following repayment in full by the Company
of the amount borrowed. The Company is in default under the repayment terms of the agreement. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unpaid
principal and accrued interest due on the obligation totaled and , respectively. 

Convertible
Notes 

Pursuant
to a Private Placement Memorandum dated March 1, 2010, the Company offered Units consisting of a unsecured, convertible promissory
note in the principal amount of with interest at per annum. The Promissory Notes were convertible into shares of common
stock of the Company upon issuance and for a period of five years at the option of the investor. The conversion rights have expired. 

Pursuant
to an additional Private Placement Memorandum dated October 25, 2010, the Company offered Units consisting of a two year unsecured, convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of . The Promissory Notes bear interest at per annum and were convertible into 
shares of common stock of the Company upon issuance and for a period of five years at the option of the investor. The conversion rights
have expired. 

The
Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the two Private Placements discussed above total in principal and became due and payable
beginning in March 2012 and extending to various dates through June 2013. As of the date of the filing of this report, all of the aforementioned
debt obligations remain unpaid and in default under the repayment terms of the notes. In November 2020, the Superior Court of the State
of Delaware awarded Judgments in favor of certain holders of these Promissory Notes who filed suit against the Company. As a result,
the Company must carry an aggregate of (total principal and interest) as debt owed to these noteholders. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, all Notes issued had a total outstanding principal of and accrued interest, including the additional interest
awarded pursuant to the Court Judgments of and , respectively. 

Private placements - October 25, 2010 

is due to a related party. 

of Collateralized Convertible Senior Debentures to accredited or institutional investors. The Offering was conducted contingent
on the deposit into Escrow of the purchase price for all of the Debentures offered in the principal amount of . The Debentures,
once issued, originally bore interest at 4 per annum after 180 days, matured six years from the date of issuance, and were secured by
a lien on the Company s Mississippi property. The interest rate on these debentures was raised pursuant to a settlement agreement.
The debentures were offered in three tranches as follows: 

(a) 
 
 of First Tranche Collateralized Convertible Senior Debentures convertible into an aggregate of shares of Common Stock of
 the Company at a conversion price of per share (the First Tranche Debentures 

(b) 
 
 of Second Tranche Collateralized Convertible Senior Debentures, convertible into an aggregate of shares of Common Stock
 of the Company at a conversion price of per share (the Second Tranche Debentures and 

(c) 
 
 of Third Tranche Collateralized Convertible Senior Debentures, convertible into either shares of Common Stock or 
 shares of Common Stock of the Company, at a conversion price of or per share depending upon certain conditions described
 in the Private Placement Memorandum (the Third Tranche Debentures ). 

The
conversion rights on each issued Debenture carry an Anti-Dilution Provision. If the Company issues any shares of Common Stock or other
securities after March 31, 2014 at a price per security that is less than the conversion price of a Debenture, then the Debenture shall
have a new conversion price equal to the price per security that is less than the Conversion Price of the Debenture. The foregoing provision
shall not apply to the following: 

(a) 
 The
 issuance of any of the other Debentures in the Offering or the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of any of the Debentures
 in the Offering; 

(b) 
 The
 issuance of any shares of Common Stock if such issuance relates to an agreement, arrangement or grant to issue shares of Common Stock
 entered into by the Company prior to the Issue Date of the First Tranche Debentures in the Offering, including but not limited to,
 for example, previously issued convertible promissory notes, previously issued warrants, previously issued options to purchase Common
 Stock, or common stock vested or to be issued pursuant to a pre-existing Employee Stock Ownership Plan. 

The
Anti-Dilution Provisions with respect to a Debenture terminate the earlier of (a) the date (if ever) the Company receives an Approval
to Proceed from the Mississippi Gaming Commission to develop a casino/hotel on the Property, (b) the date on which the Debenture
is converted in full, (c) the date on which the Debenture is paid in full, or (d) the Final Maturity Date of the Debenture (as defined
in the Debenture). 

Since
the issuance of the Debentures, there have been no events that would trigger the above anti-dilution provisions. 

When
originally issued, in the event the Company failed to meet the conditions for conversion of the Debentures, the First Tranche Convertible
Debentures, which total , would have been due on March 31, 2020 and the Second Tranche Convertible Debentures, which total ,
would have been due December 31, 2020. The sole remaining non-convertible Debenture in the amount of would have been due March
31, 2020. However, the Company is in default with respect to interest payments due under the Debenture agreements in the amount of 
and as a result, the Debentures payable are reported as current liabilities. 

Certain
Debenture holders sued the Company for failing to make payments due under the terms of the Debentures and the case was settled. See Note
15 below. In December 2022, the Company executed an amendment to the settlement agreement in which it agreed to increase interest due
on the plaintiffs Debentures and to pay all principal and interest due to plaintiffs in full by March 31, 2023. In the event the
plaintiffs are not paid in full by March 31, 2023, they are authorized to enter the consent judgment. 

Total
accrued interest due on all outstanding Debentures amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

.
Interest on the note is per annum and payable March 1 of each year the note remains outstanding. Payment in full of the Note was
due . Mississippi Gaming Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, guaranteed the Note. In addition, the President
of the Company agreed to personally guarantee the Note and to personally secure the Note with an assignment of proceeds due to her under
the first lien on the Diamondhead property. The interest payments since March 1, 2018 have not been made. Accrued interest due on this
obligation amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Bank
Credit Facility 

Wells
Fargo Bank provided an unsecured credit facility of up to to the Company. The facility required a variable monthly payment of
amounts borrowed plus interest, which is applied at on direct charges and on any cash advanced through the facility. At
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 ,
a principal balance of remained outstanding on the facility. The lending bank has since cancelled privileges under the facility
for non-payment. 

Interest
Bearing Advances 

In
2016, the Company received cash advances totaling from seven lenders which included from third parties (see Note 8 for
related party advances). The proceeds from the cash advances were earmarked for the payment of accounting and auditing fees and other
expenses required to file the Company s Form 10-Q. On August 25, 2016, the Company issued a Note to the foregoing lenders, which
matures from the date of issuance and bears interest at per annum, with a full year of interest accruing in any year in
which the advance remains unpaid. Accrued interest due on the above notes amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

On
February 2, 2017, the Company borrowed from an unrelated third party. The Note carries an annual interest rate of approximately
 and is past due. The Company is in default and as such, the lender may increase the interest rate due by an amount of up to 
per annum in excess of the rate then otherwise applicable. The Company does not have the funds to repay the advance. The President of
the Company has agreed to personally secure the note with an assignment of proceeds due to her under the first lien on the Property.
Accrued interest on this obligation amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Of
the amounts discussed above, in short-term notes and advances are in default under the original agreed to terms. 

from seven lenders which included from three Current Directors of the
Company (see Note 7). The proceeds from the cash advances were earmarked for the payment of accounting and auditing fees and other expenses
required to file the Company s Form 10-Q. On August 25, 2016, the Company issued a Note to the foregoing lenders, which matures
four years from the date of issuance and bears interest at per annum, with a full year of interest accruing in any year in which the
advance remains unpaid. Accrued interest due on the above notes amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
These amounts are included in current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. This note is secured
by a second lien on the Diamondhead Property. 

In
the third quarter of 2016, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company loaned the Company . On August 25, 2016, the
Company issued a Note to the Chairman of the Board. The Note bears interest at per annum effective August 1, 2016 and matures four
years from the date of issuance. The proceeds of the loan were used for the payment of Mississippi property taxes and auditing, accounting
and other corporate expenses. Accrued interest due on the above note amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In
July 2017, at the request of the Company, the current Chairman of the Board of Directors, who is also a Vice President of the Company the Chairman ), paid all property taxes due, together with all interest due thereon. The total amount advanced was . 

The
Chairman is one of the secured parties under that Land Deed of Trust recorded on September 26, 2014 in Hancock County, Mississippi, to
secure Tranche I and Tranche II Debentures issued by the Company in 2014. Under paragraph 5 of the Land Deed of Trust, a secured party
who advances sums for taxes due on the Property is secured by the same Land Deed of Trust, but only at that interest rate specified in
the note representing the primary indebtedness, namely per annum. 

The
Chairman advanced the on condition that: (i) the advance constitute a lien with interest at per annum under that Land Deed
of Trust recorded September 26, 2014; (ii) he be paid additional interest of per annum on the amount advanced and owing and that
the full 11 interest per annum is payable during any calendar year in which all or part of the amount advanced and owing or interest
due thereon remains unpaid; (iii) this additional interest obligation be treated as a separate and secured debt of the Company, to be
evidenced by a separate note and is secured with a separate and third lien to be placed on the Property (hereafter the Third Lien 
(iv) the entire obligation will be treated as an advance to be paid out of any subsequent incoming financing obtained by the Company
or any amounts recovered by the Company from a defendant in that collection action brought by the Company in the Circuit Court of Montgomery
County, Maryland; and (v) he be indemnified for any losses sustained on the sale of that common stock sold to cover the payment of real
estate property taxes and any credit card fees associated with payment the indemnification ). The Chairman identified the
common stock sold and provided the Company with the documentation required to document the sale of said stock and to calculate the loss,
if any, on said stock. The fair value measurement of the derivative indemnification liability at December 31, 2021 was developed using
Level 1 inputs, which was valued at . On February 4, 2022, the Board of Directors entered into an agreement with the Chairman to issue
 shares of common stock of the Company to the Chairman to repurchase the indemnification. See Note 10. On September 30, 2018, Mississippi
Gaming Corporation issued a secured promissory note, due one year from the date of issue, to the Chairman for an amount up to 
to cover the principal and interest due with respect to this note. On August 21, 2018, Mississippi Gaming Corporation placed a third
lien on the Property to secure this obligation for . Accrued interest on the note amounted to and at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In
March of 2018, the Board of Directors voted to increase up to an additional the amount secured by the third lien in favor of
the Chairman of the Board, for amounts advanced by the Chairman on behalf of the Company, on the following terms and conditions, namely,
that (is) . The Chairman will provide the Company
with the documentation required to document the sale of said stock and to calculate the losses on said stock for all amounts loaned to
the Company from the sale of said stock. On June 30, 2018, Mississippi Gaming Corporation issued a secured promissory note, due one year
from the date of issue to the Chairman, for an amount up to to cover the principal and interest due with respect to this note.
On August 21, 2018, Mississippi Gaming Corporation placed a third lien on the Diamondhead Property to secure this obligation for . 

In
November of 2018, the Board of Directors voted to increase up to an additional of advances from the Chairman and in March of
2019, the Board of Directors voted to increase the limit of the advances to . The terms of this advance are identical to the
terms as approved above in March 2018. 

In
July 2020, the Chairman of the Board of the Company paid a total of for property taxes due for the year 2019 on the Company s
 -acre Diamondhead, Mississippi Property plus in related fees. The Company placed a fourteenth lien on the Property in July
2021 to secure a promissory note in the amount of issued to the Chairman of the Board of the Company to secure the payment of
these taxes and interest due thereon. 

In
May 2021, the Chairman of the Board of the Company paid a total of for property taxes due for the year 2020 on the Company s
 -acre Diamondhead, Mississippi Property plus in related fees. The Company placed a fifteenth lien on the Property in July 2021
to secure a promissory note in the amount of issued to the Chairman of the Board of the Company to secure the payment of these
taxes and interest due thereon. 

On
May 30, 2021, the Chairman of the Board of the Company loaned the Company . The note is non-interest bearing and matures one year
from the date of issuance. The Company placed a sixteenth lien on the Property in July 2021 to secure this non-interest bearing note
which totals in principal and calls for the issuance of shares of common stock. The note is not convertible. As of the
issuance date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. The Company recorded a fair value of the stock of , which
was determined by the fair value of the Company s common stock at the date of the loan. The fair value of the stock was recorded
as a debt discount, which will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the note. During the year ended December 31, 2021, 
of the debt discount was amortized to interest expense to related parties. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the remaining 
of debt discount was amortized to interest expense. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Chairman had advanced a total of , net of repayment of , under both the March 2018 and March
2019 arrangements and was owed accrued interest in the amount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
July 24, 2017, the President of the Company, who is a Director of the Company, agreed to advance the Company up to for the payment
of expenses. In March of 2018, the Board of Directors voted to increase to up to the amount to be secured by a third lien in
favor of the President of the Company for amounts advanced by the President under this note, on the following terms and conditions, namely,
that (i) she be paid and and interest due thereon and credit facilities
in the maximum amount of ; and (iv) that the foregoing will be treated as advances to be paid out of any subsequent incoming financing
obtained by the Company or any amounts recovered by the Company from a defendant in that collection action brought by the Company in
the Circuit Court of Montgomery County, Maryland . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the President had advanced a total of , net of repayments of , under this agreement. The President
previously agreed to secure a loan and interest due thereon and to secure and guarantee a loan and interest due thereon
due non-related parties discussed above. The President is also personally liable for certain bank-issued credit cards used by the Company
to pay expenses incurred by the Company in the approximate amount of . On September 30, 2018, Mississippi Gaming Corporation issued
a secured promissory note, due one year from date of issue, to the President for an amount up to to cover the principal and
interest due with respect to this note. On August 21, 2018, Mississippi gaming Corporation placed a third lien on the Diamondhead Property
to secure this obligation for . Accrued interest due on this note amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

The
third lien placed on the Diamondhead Property, which secures the above three promissory notes, totals up to and is payable to
the Chairman of the Board and President of the Company. 

The
principal balance of the notes payable due to the officers and directors discussed above was , net of debt discount of and
 , net of debt discount of , as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
and , respectively, was past due. 

of convertible notes as described in Note 5 above. As part
of the settlement, the Company agreed to pay legal fees in the amount of and issued a year note at interest to satisfy
this obligation. The note is currently in default. 

In
December 2020, the Company entered into three promissory notes with unrelated lenders in exchange for an aggregate principal amount of
 . The Company received proceeds of , resulting in an original issue discount of . This original issue discount
was recorded as a debt discount, which will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the notes. . 

In
January and February 2021, the Company entered into two additional promissory notes with unrelated lenders in exchange for a principal
amount of and , respectively. The Company received total proceeds of , resulting in an original issue discount
of . This original issue discount was recorded as a debt discount, which will be amortized to interest expense over the life of
the notes. The notes are non-interest bearing and matured in January and February 2022, respectively, one year after the notes 
issuances. These notes are currently in default. 

In
April and May 2021, the Company entered into three additional promissory notes with unrelated lenders in exchange for a principal amount
of , and , respectively. The Company received total proceeds of , resulting in an original issue discount
of . This original issue discount was recorded as a debt discount, which will be amortized to interest expense over the life of
the notes. The notes are non-interest bearing and matured in April and May 2022, respectively, one year after the notes issuances.
These notes are currently in default. 

In
July 2021, the Company entered into an additional promissory note with an unrelated lender in exchange for a principal amount of .
The Company received proceeds of . The note is non-interest bearing and matured in July 2022, one year after the note s
issuance. This note is currently in default. 

In
November 2021, the Company entered into an additional promissory note with an unrelated lender in exchange for a principal amount of
 . The Company received proceeds of . The note is non-interest bearing and matured in November 2022, one year after the
note s issuance. This note is currently in default. 

In
March 2022, unrelated third parties paid a total of for property taxes due for the year 2021 on the Company s Mississippi
Property and loaned the Company an additional for a total of . In return for the , the Company issued two non-interest
bearing secured promissory notes for each, due and payable in one year and, in addition, agreed to issue shares of common
stock for each loaned, for a total repayment due of plus shares of common stock. 

In
April 2022, the Company entered into an additional promissory note with an unrelated lender in exchange for a principal amount of .
The Company received proceeds of for the note. The note is non-interest bearing and matures in April 2023, one year after the
note s issuance. 

From
April 2021 to June 2022, thirteen liens were placed on the Property to secure these notes. shares of common stock in connection with the notes and liens, however, no shares have been issued to date . In December 2020,
the Company recorded a fair value of the stock of , which was determined by the fair value of the Company s common stock
at the date of each loan issuance. In 2021, the Company recorded a fair value of the stock pertaining to the 2021 notes of .
In 2022, the Company recorded a fair value of the stock pertaining to the 2022 notes of . The fair value of the stock was recorded
as a debt discount, which will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the notes. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of the debt discount was
amortized to interest expense to others. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, total notes payable due others, net of unamortized discount,
was and , respectively. 

and the Vice President and the
current Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company is owed deferred salary in the amount of . The Board of directors agreed
to pay interest at per annum on the foregoing amounts owed. Interest expense under this agreement amounted to and and 
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total interest accrued under this agreement totaled and 
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company has a month-to-month lease with the President and then-Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, for office space in
a furnished and fully equipped townhouse office building owned by the President in Alexandria, Virginia. The lease calls for monthly
base rent in the amount of and payment of associated costs of insurance, real estate taxes, utilities and other expenses. Rent
expense associated with this lease amounted to base rent in the amount of and associated rental costs of for a total
of for the year ended December 31, 2022 and base rent in the amount of and associated rental costs of for a total
of for the year ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts owing for base rent and associated rental costs
totaled and , respectively. 

Directors
of the Company are entitled to a director s fee of per year for their services. The Company has been unable to pay directors 
fees to date. A total of and was due and owing to the Company s current and former directors as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. Directors have previously been compensated and may, in the future, be compensated for their services with
cash, common stock, or options to purchase common stock of the Company. 

On
February 4, 2022, the Board of Directors entered into an agreement with Mr. Harrison, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, to issue
 shares of common stock of the Company to Mr. Harrison to repurchase the indemnifications the Company had previously agreed to
pay Mr. Harrison for losses, if any, suffered on certain stock he had sold in prior years in an unrelated company to raise funds to pay
property taxes due on the Diamondhead, Mississippi Property and to lend additional funds to the Company. This repurchase eliminates any
risk to the Company arising from the indemnification which could have been material. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded stock-based compensation of for the fair value of these shares, which have not yet been issued as of the issuance date
of these consolidated financial statements. 

See
Notes 4, 5, 7, 8 and 14 for other related party transactions. 

, the
expiration date for a total of 
 currently outstanding options previously issued
to the Chairman, the President, the Vice President and two former employees of the Company. The Company recorded stock-based compensation
expense of for
the year ended December 31, 2018. No
 share-based awards were issued or amended in
2019. On November 6, 2020, . 

On
November 9, 2020, the Board of Directors voted to award options to purchase common stock to its six current directors, including
three officers of the Company, at a strike price of per share with an expiration date of December 31, 2023, as follows: Martin
Blount: ; Daniel Burstyn: ; Robert Crow: ; Benjamin Harrell: ; Gregory Harrison: and Deborah Vitale:
 . All options are vested. 

Stock
Option Plan 

On
December 19, 1988, the Company adopted a stock option plan (the Plan for its officers and management personnel under which
options could be granted to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock. Accordingly, the Company reserved 
shares for issuance under the Plan. The exercise price may not be less than of the market value of the shares on the date of the
grant. The options expire within from the date of grant. At December 31, 2022, no options from this plan were issued or exercised. 

Summary
of Stock Options 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2021 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Options Outstanding 
 Options Exercisable 
 
 Range of Exercise Prices 
 Number Outstanding at 12/31/21 
 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life (Yrs.) 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Number Exercisable at 12/31/21 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Preferred
Stock 

Series
S Preferred Stock 

The
Company has shares outstanding of par value Series S Voting, Non-Convertible Preferred Stock which was issued to Austroinvest
International, Inc. The Company is required to pay quarterly cumulative dividends of three percent per annum on these shares. 

The shares also have a per share preference in involuntary liquidation of
the Company. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding Series S preferred stock totaled shares. Cumulative dividends in arrears
at December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and and , respectively. 

Series
S-NR Preferred Stock 

The
Company has shares outstanding of its par value Series S-NR Voting, Non-Convertible, Non-Redeemable, Preferred Stock, which
was issued to Serco International Limited. The Company is required to pay quarterly, non-cumulative dividends of three percent per annum
on these shares. Upon involuntary liquidation of the Company, the liquidation preference of each share is . At December 31, 2022
and 2021, outstanding Series S-NR preferred stock totaled shares. Non-cumulative dividends in arrears at December 31, 2022 and
2021 amounted to and , respectively. 

Series
S-PIK Preferred Stock 

The
Company has one million units outs, each unit consisting of one share of the Company s par value common stock and two shares
of the Company s Series S-PIK Junior, cumulative, convertible, non-redeemable, non-voting .01 par value preferred stock. shares were converted during 2022 or 2021. The Series S-PIK preferred stock ranks junior to the Series S and Series S-NR
preferred shares as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company. Upon liquidation of the
Company, the S-PIK preferred stock will have a liquidation preference of per share. A cumulative quarterly dividend of per
share is payable on Series S-PIK preferred stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding Series S-PIK preferred stock totaled 
shares. Cumulative dividends in arrears at December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. 

Payment
of Preferred Dividends 

The
Company did not pay any dividends due on its preferred stock in 2022 or 2021. However, payment of all cumulative and non-cumulative preferred
stock dividends, outstanding at any time, is required before the Company can issue any dividends on its common stock. 

with a fair market value of . 

In
2011, the Company decided to temporarily suspend contributions to the Plan. Therefore the Trust was unable to make its annual loan payment
to the company and a loan default occurred. In accordance with the Pledge Agreement between the Company and the Trust, the shares attached
to the loan payments subsequent to the 2010 contribution reverted back to the Company as treasury shares. In 2022 and 2021, shares,
with a market value of and , respectively, reverted back to the Company as treasury shares. 

million, which . Realization of deferred income taxes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is not considered
likely. Therefore, by applying a federal statutory rate of 
to the carryforward amounts, a valuation allowance of approximately 
and .9
million, has been established for each year for the entire amount of deferred tax assets relative to the net operating loss at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, resulting in an effective tax rate of 
and no deferred tax asset recognition. The valuation allowance decreased by approximately 
in 2022 and 
in 2021. The net operating losses before 2017 will expire during various periods through 2037. The net operating losses after 2017 can be carried
forward indefinitely but can offset only of the income in the tax year. 

million of First Tranche Collateralized Convertible Senior Debentures. On December 31, 2014, the
Company issued of Second Tranche Collateralized Convertible Senior Debentures. On September 26, 2014, a first lien was placed
on the Diamondhead Property in favor of the Investors to secure the principle due in the amount of and interest due thereon
(the Investors Lien ). The Investors Lien is in pari passu with a first lien placed on the Property in favor of the
President of the Company, the Vice President of the Company, and certain directors of the Company for past due wages, compensation, and
expenses owed to them in the maximum aggregate amount of (the Executives Lien ). The CEO will serve as Lien Agent
for the Executives Lien. 

On
December 16, 2016, the Company filed a second lien on the Property in the maximum amount of to secure certain notes payable,
including notes to related parties, totaling in principle and accrued interest incurred. 

On
August 21, 2018, the Company filed a third lien on the Property in the maximum amount of to secure notes issued to the Chairman
of the Board and President of the Company arising in the third quarter of 2017 and during 2018, as more fully described in Note 8. 

On
January 26, 2021, the Company filed a fourth lien on the Property in the amount of to secure a non-interest-bearing note payable
in the amount of issued to secure amounts owed to the President of the Company for accrued, but unpaid, salary, rent and other
expenses. 

On
February 17, 2021, the Company filed a fifth lien in the amount of on the Property to secure a non-interest-bearing note payable
in the amount of , issued to secure amounts owed to nine directors, including the Company s six current directors. 

In
April 2021, the Company filed six liens on the Property to secure six non-interest-bearing notes payable to be issued to six lenders
bringing total liens on the Property to eleven. The six notes issued total in principle and call for the issuance of 
shares of common stock. The notes are not convertible. As of the issuance date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. 

In
June 2021, the Company filed a twelfth and thirteenth on the Property to secure two non-interest bearing notes issued in May of 2021
which total in principle and call for the issuance of a total of shares of common stock. The notes are not convertible.
As of the issuance date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. 

In
July 2021, the Company filed a fourteenth lien on the Property to secure a promissory note in the amount of issued to the Chairman
of the Board to secure the payment of taxes and interest that were paid by the Chairman in July 2020. 

In
July 2021, the Company filed a fifteenth lien on the Property to secure a promissory note in the amount of issued to the Chairman
of the Board to secure the payment of taxes and interest that were paid by the Chairman in May 2021. 

In
July 2021, the Company filed a sixteenth lien on the Property to secure a non-interest bearing note issued to the Chairman of the Board
in May 2021 which totals in principle and calls for the issuance of shares of common stock. The note is not convertible.
As of the issuance date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. 

In
July 2021, the Company filed a seventeenth lien on the Property to secure a non-interest bearing note which totals in principle
and calls for the issuance of shares of common stock. The note is not convertible. As of the issuance date of these financial
statements, no shares have been issued. 

In
November 2021, the Company filed an eighteenth lien on the Property to secure a non-interest bearing note issued in November 2021 which
totals in principle and calls for the issuance of shares of common stock. The note is not convertible. As of the issuance
date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. 

In
March 2022, the Company filed a nineteenth and twentieth lien on the Property to secure two non-interest bearing notes issued in March
of 2022 which total in principle and call for the issuance of a total of shares of common stock. The notes are not convertible.
As of the issuance date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. 

In
May 2022, the Company filed a twenty-first lien on the Property to secure a non-interest bearing note issued in April of 2022 which totals
 in principle and calls for the issuance of a total of shares of common stock. The note is not convertible. As of the
issuance date of these financial statements, no shares have been issued. 

Other 

The
Company is currently delinquent in filing those documents and forms required to be filed in connection with its Employee Stock Ownership
Plan ESOP for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016 and 2015. The Company did not have
the funds to pay professionals to prepare, audit and file these documents and forms when due. Although these required filings normally
do not result in any tax due to an agency of the government, the Company could be subject to significant penalties for failure to file
these forms when due. Penalties are assessed by the Department of Labor on a per diem basis from the original due dates for the required
informational filings until the filings are actually made. The Company has accrued and on the current delinquent filings
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company intends to bring its ESOP-required filings current and when current, will
attempt to enroll in a voluntary compliance program with the Department of Labor with respect to any penalties or fines incurred. However,
there can be no assurance the Company will be able to enroll in any such program or obtain a reduction of the fines and penalties that
may be due. 

The
Company and its subsidiaries file their federal tax return on a consolidated basis. The Company has not filed its consolidated
federal tax returns for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016. The Company believes no tax will
be due with these federal returns. The Company has not filed its annual reports together with its franchise tax due with the state
of Delaware for 2020, 2019 and 2018. Mississippi Gaming Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, has not filed its
annual reports, together with its franchise tax due, with the state of Delaware for 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018. Casino World, Inc., a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, has not filed its annual reports, together with its franchise tax due, with the state of
Delaware for 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016. Mississippi Gaming Corporation has not filed its corporate income and
franchise tax returns, together with the tax due, with the state of Mississippi for 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, or 2018. Casino World,
Inc. has not filed its corporate income and franchise tax returns, together with the tax due, with the state of Mississippi for
2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016. As of December 31, 2022, the accrued franchise taxes for Delaware and Mississippi totaled . 

The
Company has made provision for the expected taxes due on these state filings in their consolidated financial statements for the years
ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Management
Agreement 

million in principle due, plus interest from January 1, 2015, together with costs and fees. On December 12, 2019, the
parties entered into a Settlement Agreement and on January 13, 2020, the parties filed a Stipulation of Voluntary Dismissal with Prejudice
in the case. 

In
or about December 2022, the parties entered into an Amendment to Settlement Agreement. The Amendment provides, in pertinent part, as
follows: that on or before March 31, 2023, the Plaintiffs would be paid the principal due under their debentures of million, plus
interest of four percent per annum on the principal due from January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2019, plus interest of six percent per annum on the principal due from January 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, plus interest of eight percent per annum on the
principle due from April 1, 2022 through the date of payment. In addition the Company agreed to pay legal costs and fees of 
plus shares of common stock. In the event payment is not made on or before March 31, 2023, judgment will be entered in the case.
Post judgment interest shall only apply to the million principal due. 

together with shares of common stock of the Company. 

F- 22 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 dhcc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dhcc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dhcc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dhcc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

