<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1839133_0001493152-23-009519.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5823805</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>328902</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>992751</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1987246</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1044715</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1296422</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009519.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329170706
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009519
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IR-Med, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001839133
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				844516398
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56492
		FILM NUMBER:		23776076

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O ABOUDI LEGAL GROUP PLLC, 745 5TH AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10151
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6467684285

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O ABOUDI LEGAL GROUP PLLC, 745 5TH AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10151

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	International Display Advertising, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009519.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, 0.001 per share 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
registrant had shares
of common stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023. The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was
 , as computed by reference to the closing
price of 1.95 of such common stock on the OTC Markets on such date. 

IR-MED
INC. 

 2022
FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 4 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 19 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 44 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 44 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 44 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 44 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 45 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 45 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 45 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 50 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 50 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 50 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 50 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 51 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 51 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 51 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 55 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 61 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 61 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 63 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 63 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 65 

SIGNATURES 
 66 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, or this Annual Report on Form 10-K, contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that involve risks and uncertainties, principally in the sections entitled Business, 
 Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding
future events, our future financial performance, expectations for growth and revenues, anticipated timing and amounts of milestone and
other payments under collaboration agreements, business strategy and plans, objectives of management for future operations, timing and
outcome of legal and other proceedings and our ability to finance our operations are forward-looking statements. We have attempted to
identify forward-looking statements by terminology including anticipates, approach, believes, 
 can, contemplate, continue, look forward, ongoing, could, 
 estimates, expects, intends, may, appears, suggests, 
 future, likely, goal, plans, potential, possibly, 
 projects, predicts, seek, should, target, would or
 will and other similar words or expressions or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Although we
do not make forward-looking statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy.
These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our
industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements,
to differ materially. The description of our Business set forth in Item 1, the Risk Factors set forth in Item 1A and our Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations set forth in Item 7 as well as other sections in this report,
discuss some of the factors that could contribute to these differences. These forward-looking statements include, among other things,
statements about: 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, uses of cash, capital requirements and the need for additional
financing; 

the initiation, cost, timing, progress and results of our development activities, usability studies, preclinical studies and any clinical
trials that we may be required to undertake; 

the timing of and our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our existing product candidates, any product candidates
that we may develop, and any related restrictions, and/or limitations; 

our plans to research, develop and commercialize our current and future product candidates; 

our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; 

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates; 

our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates; 

the size and growth of the markets for our product candidates and our ability to serve those markets; 

the rate and degree of market acceptance of any future products; 

the success of competing devices that are or may become available; 

regulatory developments in the United States and other countries; 

the performance of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers and our ability to obtain alternative sources of raw materials; 

the impact of global inflationary pressures; 

our ability to obtain additional financing; 

our use of the proceeds from our securities offerings; 

any restrictions on our ability to use our net operating loss carry-forwards; and 

our ability to attract and retain key personnel. 

Moreover,
we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to
predict all risk factors, nor can we address the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination
of factors, may cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Actual results
could differ materially from our forward-looking statements due to a number of factors; the early stage of our product candidates presently
under development; our ability to obtain and, if obtained, maintain regulatory approval of our current product candidates and any of
our other future product candidates; our need for substantial additional funds in order to continue our operations and the uncertainty
of whether we will be able to obtain the funding we need; our future financial performance; our ability to retain or hire key scientific
or management personnel; our ability to protect our intellectual property rights that are valuable to our business, including patent
and other intellectual property rights; our dependence on third-party manufacturers, suppliers, research organizations, testing laboratories
and other potential collaborators; the success of our collaborations with third parties; the size and growth of the potential markets
for any of our approved product candidates and the rate and degree of market acceptance of any of our approved product candidates; competition
in our industry; regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration;
the expected impact of new accounting standards; and the length and severity of the pandemic relating to SARS-CoV-2 (severe acute respiratory
syndrome coronavirus 2), or coronavirus, which causes coronavirus disease 2019, or COVID-19, which could continue to have an impact on
our research, development, supply chain and clinical trials. 

You
should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement, each of which applies only as of the date of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in the section entitled
 Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could negatively affect our business, operating results,
financial condition and stock price. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us
on the date hereof, and except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any of the forward-looking
statements after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to conform our statements to actual results or changed expectations. 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context indicates or otherwise requires, our Company , the Company ,
 IR-Med , we , us and our refer to IR-Med, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its consolidated
subsidiary, IR. Med Ltd., a company organized under the laws of Israel. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Corporate
History 

General 

IR-Med,
Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada in April 2007 under the name Monster Motors, Inc. IR-Med, Inc. began operating
the business of IR. Med Ltd. An Israeli company, through a reverse acquisition on December 24, 2020. IR. Med Ltd. (an Israeli company
which was founded in 2013) continues as an operating subsidiary of IR-Med, Inc.; IR-Med, Inc. is the sole stockholder of IR. Med Ltd. 

IR-Med,
Inc. s corporate headquarters and IR. Med Ltd. s research facilities are located at ZHR Industrial Zone, Rosh Pina, Israel. 

Business
Overview 

IR-Med
is a development stage medical device company that is developing non-invasive devices for various medical indications, by detecting and
measuring various biomarkers and molecules in the blood and in human tissue in real-time, allowing healthcare professionals to detect
and measure different molecules in the blood and in human tissue in real-time without any invasive procedures. Our initial product candidates
are currently in various stages of development. 

Our
initial product under development, which we call PressureSafe , is a handheld optical monitoring device that is being developed
to support early detection of pressure injuries (PI) to the skin and underlying tissue, regardless of skin tone and which calibrated
personally to each patient s skin, primarily caused by prolonged pressure associated with bed confinement. Our skin-device-interphase
development of personalized medical devices allows high accuracy readings from the human body in a non-invasive method, that may provide
caregiver the optimal decision support-system in cases where uncertainties disturb physicians in their decision processes. We plan to
launch as a decision support system (DSS) tool for care givers in Hospitals, Nursing homes and Home-Care companies, 

We
are also in the preliminary stage of research and development of an innovative otoscope, which we call Nobiotics , to support physicians
with an immediate indication as to whether mid-ear infection (Otitis Media), a common malady in children, is of a bacterial origin and
thus requiring antibiotic treatment, or of a viral origin and does not require antibiotic treatment. 

Our
technology platform utilizes Artificial Intelligence (AI). AI is a broad term generally used to describe conditions where a machine mimics
 cognitive functions associated with human intelligence, such as learning and problem solving. Basic
AI includes machine learning, where a machine uses algorithms to parse data, learn from it, and then make a determination or prediction
about a given phenomenon. The machine is trained using large amounts of data and algorithms that provide it with the ability
to learn how to perform the task. 

The
global diagnostics market is driven in large part by solutions that can be applied in healthcare settings, as these tools will drive
decisions regarding specific treatments and the associated outlays. However, despite advances in medical imaging and other diagnostic
tools, misdiagnosis remains a common occurrence. We believe that offering additional Decision Support Systems (DSS) tools may improve
diagnoses and outcomes through the adoption of AI-based decision support tools. 

Our
initial focus is on the development of DSS solutions utilizing our proprietary platform for the pre-emptive diagnosis of pressure injuries
(PI) and of mid-ear infections detection. Our current business plan focuses on two principal medical devices currently in development: 

1.
 PressureSafe a handheld optical monitoring device that is being developed to support early detection of pressure injuries
(PI) to the skin and underlying tissue, primarily caused by prolonged pressure associated with bed confinement; and 

4 

2.
 Nobiotics, an innovative otoscope, being designed to support physicians with an immediate indication as to whether mid-ear infection
(Otitis Media), a common malady in children, is of a bacterial origin and thus requiring antibiotic treatment, or of a viral origin and
does not require antibiotic treatment. 

Our
product candidates are in various stages of development. The PressureSafe device is in an advanced stage of development and is
planned to be our first go-to-market product, and the NoBiotics is in initial stage of research and development. 

We
have completed the development of the first generation PressureSafe prototype in the second quarter of 2022 In June 2022, IR Med.
Ltd., our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a study agreement with Beit Rivka, a Large Geriatric Hospital in Israel associated with
Clalit, the largest Health Insurance Fund in Israel, to conduct a usability study of Pressuresafe . In August 2022, IR Med. Ltd.,
entered into an agreement with a Israeli boutique industrial design company specializing in the design of medical devices and diagnostic
products servicing a broad array of companies, including large multinational companies, for the design of the PressureSafe device
in its advanced configuration, which incorporates preliminary results from a usability study currently being performed in Israel, including
feedback from healthcare professionals. In February 2023, our subsidiary IR-Med Ltd. entered into an agreement with Rabin Medical Center RMC in Israel to perform a usability study, as an additional study center to the current study that we have been performing
at Beit-Rivka, a large geriatrics hospital in Israel. The agreement is to conduct a usability study of our proprietary and patent protected
 PressureSafe device, which we plan to launch as a decision support system (DSS) tool for care givers in Hospitals, Nursing
homes and Home-Care companies. 

We
are currently working on completing the development of the commercial version of the PressureSafe device, planned to be launched
during 2023, pending FDA clearance. 

In
the third quarter of 2022, we began preparations in anticipation of commercialization of PressureSafe in the United States pending
regulatory approvals. A distribution agreement was entered into with PI Prevention Care LLC (the Distributor ), a newly
formed entity focused on marketing to the senior care facility, hospital and homecare markets. The Distributor, which received exclusive
rights for PressureSafe distribution across the United States, includes personnel who have many years experience in addressing
and responding to the needs of these types of organizations. Under the terms of the Agreement which were previously disclosed, to maintain
exclusivity the Distributor is obligated to comply with minimum purchase requirements of the device and accompanying disposables. 

Overview
of Target Market and our Solutions 

Pressure
Injury Market 

Populations
are aging due to improvements in healthcare. However, there are increased rates of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. This
combination of increasing ageing population and such diseases has resulted in more people needing assistance with activities of daily
living due to decreased mobility. A major morbidity of decreased mobility is development of Pressure Injuries (PI). PI develop as a result
of a combination of physiologic events and external conditions. Along with localized ischemia and reperfusion injury to tissues, impaired
lymphatic drainage and mechanical deformation of tissue cells have been shown to contribute to injury as well. 

Compression
prevents lymph fluid drainage, and deterioration in tissue cell normal activities, which causes increased interstitial fluid and waste
build up and contributes to PI development. The time required to develop a PI is dependent on many factors, including the patient s
physiology and the degree of pressure and shear force place on the tissue. PI occur over predictable pressure points where bony protuberances
are more likely to compress tissues when the patient is in prolonged contact with hard surfaces. Studies show that heel area is the second
most frequent location for a pressure ulcer, the most prevalent being the sacrum. The heel accounts for between 23 and 28 of all pressure
ulcers 1 . 

While
the number of Hospital Acquired Conditions (HAC) have decreased by 8 2 , pressure injuries have resisted improvement efforts
and continue to grow by 10 annually. PI are both costly and deadly. The U.S. Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) reports
that PI add 10.2 billion to annual U.S. Healthcare costs 3 . Furthermore, these are associated with over 45 of the 63,619
HAC related deaths in the U.S., making it the leading contributor to HAC related deaths. 

1
 Smith, S., Ashby, S., Thomas, L. and Williams, F., 2017. Evaluation of a multifactorial approach to reduce the prevalence of pressure
injuries in regional Australian acute inpatient care settings. International Wound Journal , 15(1), pp.95-105. 

 2
 AP News. 2019. Pressure Ulcers Cost U.S. Healthcare 10.2 Billion and Contribute to Nearly 29,000 Hospital Deaths Each Year . 

 3
 Boyko, T., Longaker, M. and Yang, G., 2018. Review of the Current Management of Pressure Ulcers. Advances in Wound Care ,
7(2), pp.57-67. 

5 

The
most common method used to detect early PI is a visual assessment by a professional caregiver focusing on areas where PI most frequently
develop. This visual assessment is subjective, unreliable, untimely (PI often occur suddenly without visual cues) ineffective, and can
only detect PI once it is visible. Technology-based methods for detecting and monitoring PI have been developed but as far as we know,
none have succeeded in providing an effective solution. 

PI
Background 

As
of today, PI are discovered only as they begin to appear on the skin, after they have been festering underneath the skin layers. Nurses
regularly assess patients at high risk by evaluating them according to accepted scores (Braden, Norton scores), and hospitals can then
get the patient onto a different type of mattress that wicks away moisture, reduces pressure and have orders for the individual, for
example, to be turned every 2 hours. The risk of a PI in ICU ranges between 18-40 of patients 4 . 

Intrinsic
risk factors such as diabetes, malnutrition, and smoking also increase the overall risk for PI. The spinal cord injury patient population
is at the highest risk (25 66 of developing a PI due to the combination of immobility and decreased sensation. A prospective
study of spinal cord patients not only found that sacral and ischial PI were very common (43 and 15 , respectively), as might be expected,
but also noted that the second most common location was on the heel (19 5 . 

Nursing
home patients have a PI prevalence of 11 6 and are most likely to develop PI over the sacrum or heels. Nursing home patients
were also found to have contractures at a prevalence of 55 . Contractures are caused by decreased elasticity of the tissue surrounding
major joints, and the resulting lack of full mobility in the affected extremities significantly increases the risk of PI formation. 

A
significant market is the home healthcare market, which is anticipated to be worth 645 billion by 2025 (CAGR 8.7 7 . It is
estimated that by 2030, seniors aged 65 and over will represent 20 of the U.S. population and over 19 million seniors are estimated
to need home care services. The homecare companies have a strong incentive to prevent PI as they are rated and carry part of the cost
treating those patients. 

According
to a survey published in 2000 by UCLA School of Medicine 8 , in a total sample of 3,048 patients, 9.12 had PI and of these
37.4 had more than one PI and 14 had three or more. Considering the worst PI for each subject, 40.3 had Stage II and 27 had Stage
III or IV injuries. 

4
 Fowler, E., Scott-Williams, S. and McGuire, J., 2008. Practice Recommendations for Preventing Heel Pressure Ulcers. Ostomy Wound
Management , 54(10), pp.42-57. 

 5
 Delmore, B., Lebovits, S., Suggs, B., Rolnitzky, L. and Ayello, E., 2015. Risk Factors Associated With Heel Pressure Ulcers in
Hospitalized Patients. Journal of Wound, Ostomy Continence Nursing , 42(3), pp.242-248. 

 6
 Palese, A., Zammattio, E., Zuttion, R., Ferrario, B., Ponta, S., Gonella, S. and Comoretto, R., 2020. Avoidable and Unavoidable
Pressure Injuries Among Residents Living in Nursing Homes. Journal of Wound, Ostomy Continence Nursing , 47(3), pp.230-235. 

 Brandeis,
G., Morris, J. and Nash, D., 1990. The Epidemiology and Natural History of Pressure Ulcers in Elderly Nursing Home Residents. JAMA:
The Journal of the American Medical Association , 264(22), p.2905. 

 7
 Ferrell, B., Josephson, K., Norvid, P. and Alcorn, H., 2015. Pressure Ulcers Among Patients Admitted To Home Care. Journal of
the American Geriatrics Society , 48(9), pp.1042-1047. 

 8
 Ferrell, B., Josephson, K., Norvid, P. and Alcorn, H., 2000. Pressure Ulcers Among Patients Admitted To Home Care. Journal of
the American Geriatrics Society , 48(9), pp.1042-1047. 

6 

The
Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) has identified several basic principles for PI prevention: (a) use a validated tool
to assess risk such as the Braden Scale and Norton Scale; (b) implement a preventive plan for residents at risk, which should focus on
avoiding friction and shear trauma to skin regions at risk as well as an individualized plan to reduce pressure such as frequent repositioning;
(c) daily inspection of the skin for high risk residents as deep tissue damage can occur in as little as two hours, there needs to be
a daily skin examination. The most common method used to detect early PI is a visual assessment by a professional caregiver focusing
on areas where PI most frequently develop. This visual assessment is subjective, unreliable, untimely, as a PI develops under the skin
before it becomes visible to the naked eye, and ineffective. Technology-based methods for detecting and monitoring PI have been developed
but none have succeeded in providing an effective solution. These include ulcer detection based on skin conductivity which has relatively
low resolution and is influenced by different topical skin conditions (moist, urine, feces). Other system solution methods such as electronic
medical record programs, which prompt providers to document results of PI screening every shift or day, are of great importance in diagnosing
PI early and preventing progression. A common product are pads which are designed to specifically cover pressure points such as the sacrum
and heels as well as foam pads designed to wrap around body parts at risk. However, it is important to note that some pads can actually
be detrimental, i.e. supports with cut-outs can have increased pressure at their edges. 

PressureSafe 

Over
the past six years we have been designing and developing PressureSafe, a novel device that has the potential to provide a reliable method
of monitoring and recording patients providing additional information to healthcare providers as where and when a PI may occur. The technology
platform is designed to record information relating to each patient. The IR based core technologies underlying the PressureSafe device
are patent-protected (US Patent No. US 10,709,365) and (US Patent No. US10,772,541). Our technology is based on the fact that tissues
of the human body absorb and reflect the light that surrounds it in different wave lengths (from the UV through visual light to infra-red
light) and the light is reflected and scattered back from inside the body through the skin. During this process the reflected and scattered
light through a damaged area changes its properties in comparison to light reflection and scattering from normal healthy tissue. The
PressureSafe is being designed to capture, analyze and identify tissue status to make early PI diagnosis using Spectrographic Analysis
while AI learning software is planned to improve diagnostic accuracy. The PressureSafe device will illuminate the skin with a miniature
LEDs for a few seconds. The emitted light photons from the device will be absorbed, scattered and reflected back. The device will then
measure the absorption and reflectance, and using algorithms, will process the signals to identify and diagnose the scanned area. 

As
every person s skin properties are unique, the diagnosing physician must calibrate the device to the specific patient s skin,
a process that takes merely a few seconds and allows personalized diagnosis, improving diagnostic process effectiveness as the PressureSafe
device is designed to be indifferent to the skin color. Our technology is being developed to enable the assessment of different subdermal
layers by scanning through these skin layers, thus improving the identification of the damage and assessing the subdermal damaged tissue
volume, assisting with additional information to allow better treatment efficacy. Measuring the differences of subdermal fluid content
and other bio-signals, has been developed to detect early formation of pressure injuries and to raise a flag to allow the
caregivers intervene and prevent their appearance. The bio-signals that our algorithm detects occur in the early inflammatory process,
as soon as local subcutaneous tissue function is disturbed, and cells begin to be damaged. 

PressureSafe
 is a hand-held scanner designed to provide additional information as a decision support system (DSS), to support the care giver effectively
with the main diagnostic ability to identify PI and to differentiate between Deep Tissue PI (before it becomes visible) and Stage 1 PI.
Deep tissue PI are serious, hospital-acquired deep PIs that form under intact skin, spread in deep tissues and eventually present themselves
as full thickness wounds. The PressureSafe is composed of: (a) a handheld optic probe device, which utilizes harmless infra-red
light, that is placed for a few seconds on suspected areas for performing mearurements; (b) a disposable probe tip component, changed
between patients to avoid cross-contamination; (c) a software component containing machine learning algorithm for analyzing the collected
data; and (d) software for connectivity and downloading the collected data and measurements results to the EMR/EHR systems used by the
medical center or homecare company. 

7 

PressureSafe
 is a non-invasive real-time optical monitoring device to support early intervention in PI treatment prior to skin breakage. The device
performs a reflectance spectroscopy scan to generate information for the decision maker, while collecting data of subdermal physiological
changes together with other bio-signals typical to early formation of PI in the three skin layers, thus detecting the appearance of life
risking pressure injuries. PressureSafe is designed to detect changes at a depth of 1-5 mm in the skin, regardless of skin tone,
by measuring differences of subdermal fluid content and bio-signals. As soon as local subcutaneous tissue function is disturbed and cells
begin to disintegrate by pressure excreted upon by dependent body areas, our scanner is designed to be able to support detecting this
as a very early inflammatory process. The technology will allow patient monitoring and immediate reading in a non-invasive way. It has
the potential to help to reduce the number of PI dramatically, through early detection, making it attractive for public and private healthcare
systems worldwide. 

PressureSafe
 Studies 

The
 PressureSafe first generation device is currently undergoing usability studies, and the commercial version is now in development
and is planned to be launched during the second half of 2023. 

We
are currently conducting usability studies at two medical centers in Israel, a Geriatric hospital and a general hospital, planned to
be completed during 2023. We also plan to start useability studies in the US during 2023 in order to validate the efficacy of the device
for the US cohort including patients with dark skin tones. 

Our
POC study began in the first quarter of 2018 at the Rambam Healthcare campus, located in Haifa, Israel and at the Beit Lowenstein Rehabilitation
Center, located in Raanana, Israel. A total of 76 samples were taken from both medical centers. The results demonstrated that the PressureSafe
 had a 94.7 accuracy in identifying Stage 1 pressure injuries and a 5.3 misclassification rate. 

Ear
Infection Market 

Reducing
the consumption of antibiotics is a major goal of the health authorities around the world. Doctors all over the world are rushing to
keep up with infections that are getting increasingly good at resisting antibiotic treatment, including gonorrhea, tuberculosis, bacterial
pneumonia and others. 

Antibiotics
either kill bacteria or keep them from multiplying. By definition, they work only against bacterial illnesses and yet, research
shows they are often needlessly prescribed for viral illnesses like the flu and common colds. That is a waste of resources and may also
contribute to antibiotic resistance. Bacteria is developing better resistance to drugs each time they encounter them. The result is the
creation of super bugs that are resistant to that antibiotic. 

In
2019 the World Health Organization described antimicrobial resistance pathogens ability to evade medical interventions one
of the 10 largest threats to global health 9 . 

According
to the CDC in the US 35,000 people die each year due to antibiotic-resistant infections. A recent study published in the BMJ points to
one major propagator of the problem: doctors are incorrectly prescribing antibiotics and up to 43 of U.S. antibiotic prescriptions may
be inappropriate. 

Studies
conducted by the University of Utah 10 showed that in 2016 30 of outpatient oral antibiotic prescriptions may have been inappropriate.
For example, 1 in every 5.4 urgent visits, which represents 18.5 of such visits, resulted in an antibiotic prescription. Of these, 37 
were for ear infections which turned out to be viral infections. 

The
health community is already seeing the consequences of these improper prescriptions. In addition to the deaths detailed in the CDC s
recent report, an estimated 2.8 million Americans contract and survive antibiotic- resistant infections each year. As illnesses get more
and more difficult to treat, patients may suffer longer, and doctors might be forced to turn to increasingly powerful drugs, often with
harmful side effects. 

The
antibiotic taken by children kills bacteria in their body, even the good bacteria, changing gut microbiome with toddlers, possibly leading
to other problems, like clostridium difficile (C. difficile infection). 

9
 Lewis, R., 1995. The Rise of Antibiotic-Resistant Infections. FDA Consumer magazine . 

 10
 Fleming-Dutra, K., Hersh, A., Shapiro, D., Bartoces, M., Enns, E., File, T., Finkelstein, J., Gerber, J., Hyun, D., Linder, J.,
Lynfield, R., Margolis, D., May, L., Merenstein, D., Metlay, J., Newland, J., Piccirillo, J., Roberts, R., Sanchez, G., Suda, K., Thomas,
A., Woo, T., Zetts, R. and Hicks, L., 2016. Prevalence of Inappropriate Antibiotic Prescriptions Among US Ambulatory Care Visits, 2010-2011.
 JAMA , 315(17), pp.1864-1873. 

8 

Nearly
70,000 children end up in emergency rooms every year after experiencing adverse reactions to antibiotic drugs, according to the CDC 11 .
Most of these incidents were due to an allergy, and most were mild reactions (such as a rash), although some were more serious (such
as anaphylaxis). Children under the age of 2 made up the largest share of the ER visits. 

There
are several long-term problems associated with children s consumption of antibiotics. For example, studies have found that children
receiving more rounds of the drugs because of early infections are more likely to be obese as adolescents and adults and the earlier
children are exposed to the drugs, the more likely their metabolism is to be affected 12 . 

Each
year in the US, approximately 9 million children, ages 0-17, are reported to have ear infections or otitis media 13 . Of those,
8 million children visited a physician or obtained a prescription drug to treat the condition. 

However,
the number of children complaining of ear pain and undergoing examination by otoscope is many times these figures and they represent
IR-MED s target market. 

Medical
spending to treat otitis media totals over 2.8 billion, with the average annual expenditure of more than 350 per person. More than
one-third of ear infection prescription medications expenditures were paid from out of pocket. 

The
Global Ear Infection Treatment Market is expected to reach 22.3 billion by 2023, with a CAGR of about 6.6 in the period 2017-2023 14 . 

The
market is being driven by the rise in risk factors, increasing awareness regarding the severity of untreated ear infection, development
of healthcare, technological development in diagnostic devices and surgery segment especially the advancements in minimally invasive
surgery and so on. Market restraints are the complications of surgery, high cost of treatment and the emergence of bacterial resistance. 

Ear
Infection Background 

An
ear infection is an inflammation of the middle ear, usually caused by bacteria or a virus, which occurs together with fluid builds up
behind the eardrum. Three out of four children will have at least one ear infection by their third birthday 15 . In fact, ear
infections are the most common reason parents bring their child to a doctor. 

The
presence of middle ear fluid is the key diagnostic marker for the two most common pediatric ear diseases, acute otitis media (AOM) and
otitis media with effusion (OME) 16 . 

AOM,
known commonly as an ear infection is characterized by the presence of infected fluid in the middle ear and results in
symptoms of fever and ear pain. 

It
is a leading cause of pediatric healthcare visits, and although many cases can resolve without antibiotics, complications may include
eardrum perforation, mastoiditis, facial nerve palsy, or meningitis. 

11
 Hirsh, J., 2018. Antibiotic Side Effects in Children: What Every Parent Should Know . 

 12
 Park, A., 2015. How This Common Drug Can Have Lasting Effects on Kids . 

 13
 Soni, a., 2008. STATISTICAL BRIEF #228: Ear Infections (Otitis Media) in Children (0-17): Use and Expenditures, 2006 . 

 14
 Market Research Future, 2020. Global Ear Infection Treatment Market: Information By Type (Middle Ear, Outer Ear, Inner Ear),
By Pathogen (Bacteria, Virus), By Treatment (Surgery, Medication), By End User (Hospitals, ENT Clinics) and Region (Americas, Europe,
Asia-Pacific and the Middle East Africa) - Forecast till 2027 

15
 Thomas, J., Berner, R., Zahnert, T. and Dazert, S., 2014. Acute Otitis Media. Deutsches Aerzteblatt Online ,. 

 16
 Thomas, J., Berner, R., Zahnert, T. and Dazert, S., 2014. Acute Otitis Media. Deutsches Aerzteblatt Online ,. 

9 

OME
is the presence of middle ear fluid without signs of an acute infection and affects up to 80 of children. Although OME has few overt
symptoms, making diagnosis more difficult, it is associated with speech delay, sleep disruption, poor school performance, balance issues,
and a higher likelihood of developing AOM. 

The
simplest way for a doctor to diagnose an ear infection is by using an otoscope, a lighted instrument, to view and assess the eardrum.
A red, bulging eardrum indicates an infection. 

Other
methods a doctor can use include: (i) Pneumatic otoscope, which blows a puff of air into the ear canal, this allows the doctor to observe
the eardrum movement. A normal eardrum will move back and forth more easily than an eardrum with fluid behind it; and (ii) Tympanometry,
this is soft plug that contains a miniature microphone and speaker as well as a device that varies air pressure in the ear, measuring
how flexible the eardrum is at different pressures. 

Many
doctors will prescribe an antibiotic, such as amoxicillin, to be taken over seven to 10 days. The doctor also may recommend over-the-counter
pain relievers such as acetaminophen or ibuprofen, also as eardrops, to help with fever and pain. 

If
the doctor is not able to make a definite diagnosis of OME and the child does not have severe ear pain or a fever, the doctor may suggest
waiting a day or so to see if the earache goes away. Today, when a child has ear pain, the doctor will check the ear but unless there
is a clear visible need, he/she will probably not give any treatment beside pain relief - due to simple fact that he/she cannot determine
if the infection is Viral which no antibiotic should be given or Bacterial which will require antibiotic treatment. 

The
American Academy of Pediatrics 17 issued guidelines in 2013 that encourage doctors to observe and closely follow these children
with ear infections that cannot be definitively diagnosed, especially those between the ages of 6 months to 2 years. If there is no improvement
within 48 to 72 hours from when symptoms began, the guidelines recommend doctors start antibiotic therapy. Reducing the consumption of
antibiotics is a major goal of the health authorities around the world. 

Nobiotics 

The
Nobiotics device is planned to be an otoscope for supporting noninvasive detection of otitis media (ear infection). The device is in
initial stages of development as an ear examination device that will give the physician an immediate indication if the infection is from
a Viral or Bacterial source and then the physician will make a decision if to prescribe an antibiotic or not (DSS). The device works
on a similar IR-spectrographic analysis method as being developed in the PressureSafe device. The Nobiotics otoscope is based on infrared
light reflection and absorption by the effluents behind the ear drum. Otoscopes are considered a required device by any physicians performing
physical diagnoses. Target customers for the Nobiotics device are general practitioners (GPs), pediatricians and ear nose and throat
(ENT) specialists. 

Our
Strategy 

Our
goal over the next five years is to establish our technology and related products as the gold standard for the targeted sectors. The
key elements of our strategy are as follows: 

Develop
and expand a balanced and diverse pipeline of products and product candidates. Our core platform technologies will include innovative
spectrographic analysis tools for diagnostic aid, AI, devices and product candidates in various development and clinical stages. We plan
to add products and product candidates to our pipeline by expanding our technologies being developed to additional indications and through
investing in new technologies, products and product candidates. By maintaining this multi-product approach, we aim to provide a broad
and comprehensive product offering, which we believe will result in multiple value inflection events, reduced risks to our potentially
business associated with a particular product or product candidate and increased return on investment. Furthermore, product candidates
that we develop may create attractive collaboration opportunities with pharma, diagnostics, medical devices and medical supplies companies. 

17
 Rosenfeld, R., Schwartz, S., Cannon, C., Roland, P., Simon, G., Kumar, K., Huang, W., Haskell, H. and Robertson, P., 2014. Clinical
Practice Guideline. Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery , 150(1_suppl), pp.S1-S24. 

10 

Target
large and growing patient populations with significant unmet medical needs . PIs and ear infections are medical conditions afflicting
large and growing global patient populations, each with significant unmet medical needs such as requiring earlier and more accurate diagnosis,
reducing the widespread reliance on antibiotics, optimizing the delivery of medical services, thereby improving the efficacy and safety
of treatment. 

Maintain
a global, diverse network of specialists to accelerate knowledge synergies and innovation. We are planning to utilize a global network
of specialists to identify large and growing patient populations with significant unmet medical needs, evaluate and prioritize potential
technologies, assist in designing development plans and diagnostic protocols and determine potential indications of our platform technologies
to our target patient populations in various territories. We believe that maintaining this diverse network of specialists and industry
specialists will allow us to continue to maximize knowledge and cost synergies, utilize shared commercial infrastructure across products,
reduce risks of development and commercialization delays to our overall business and leverage our current and future platform technologies
and technologies for additional products and product candidates. 

Establish
distribution channels to maximize the commercial potential of our products . We plan to seek out collaborative arrangements with major
healthcare providers to facilitate market adoption of our product candidates. In this respect, we have entered into a distribution agreement covering
the United States. See below Distribution Agreement . We believe that such institutions are well positioned to
directly benefit from improvements in accurate diagnosis and reduction of cost of care associated with the use of our product candidates.
We also believe that the marginal cost of our product candidates compared to potential savings will make it economical for healthcare
institutions to adopt our products regardless of whether or not additional costs of purchase of these products will be covered by third-party
payors, such as government health care programs and commercial insurance companies. Through cooperation with healthcare providers, we
aim to develop and prove an economic model beneficial to them. Thereafter, we plan to engage with private insurance plans to develop
reimbursement programs encouraging the use of our product candidates. We expect that adoption rates of our product candidates will increase
if hospitals and other medical institutions are compensated, in full or in part, for additional costs incurred when purchasing our products. 

Disposable
unit/Pay Per Use (PPU) business model - Our developing business model will be based on disposable need to be changed per each patient
been examined. This will allow potential customers to pay only per use of the device, with minimal investing in equipment and have great
potential to generate substantial revenues to the company. Especially following the days of a world pandemic of COVID-19, where cross
contamination of any kind is forbidden. 

R D
and New Product Development 

We
believe our strong research and development capabilities are one of our principal competitive strengths. Our R D activities are conducted
at our subsidiary s facility in Israel. Our team of employees and sub-contractors is comprised of current and future dedicated
research and development employees, system architects, algorithm developers engineers, software engineers, electronics and electro-optics
engineers, quality engineers and regulatory and health experts, who are responsible for the research design, development and testing
of our technologies and product candidates. 

We
plan to increase our R D team as necessary to meet our product development goals and milestones, and deliver the products in the
right time to market, and in the required quality. 

Distribution
Agreement 

On
October 7, 2022, IR. Med, Ltd. and PI Prevention Care LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Distributor entered
into an exclusive Distribution and License Agreement (the Distribution Agreement pursuant to which the Distributor received
exclusive royalty bearing rights to promote, market and sell solely in the United States our PressureSafe monitoring
device . 

The
Distributor is a recently formed Delaware entity
comprised of persons and other entities including Company shareholders, who are active in the markets relating to senior care facilities,
hospitals, home care centers, hospital equipment distributors, among others, throughout the United States and who are familiar with and
have wide experience in addressing and responding to the needs of these medical care organizations. 

Under
the Distribution Agreement, the Distributor is solely responsible for the distribution, marketing and sales of the PressureSafe 
and its accompanying components and agreed undertake all commercially reasonable efforts to establish the necessary distribution and
sales network for the Products by not later than the date on which the Company shall have received all regulatory and other
clearance required to launch the commercialization of the PressureSafe Solution (such
Date being the Commercial Launch Date ). Prior to the Commercial Launch Date, the Distributor is to invest
such resources as is reasonable such that upon the occurrence of the Commercial Launch Date there will be a commercially reasonable
distribution network in place for the immediate marketing of the Product. 

The
Distribution Agreement provides for the payment of annual licensing fees. The Distribution Agreement also specifies the prices of each
component of the Products payable to the Company and also provides for minimum annual purchase requirements of Product components in
order to maintain exclusivity. If for whatever reason the Distributor does not comply with the minimum purchase requirements in any year,
the Distributor can continue to have a non-exclusive license and distribution rights in the United States if the Distributor pays the
annual license fee. 

Subject
to the compliance by the Distributor of its obligation under the Distribution Agreement, including the purchase by the Distributor of
minimum annual purchase requirements of the components of the Products, the Distribution Agreement continues in effect for a term of
thirteen years following the Commercial Launch Date. At the end of the initial
three and eight year period, the parties are to enter into good faith negotiations as to the pricing of the Products and the minimum
purchase quantities for the subsequent period. The Distributor also agreed to not distribute any products that compete with the Products. 

Intellectual
Property 

General 

We
rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, non-disclosure agreements, and other intellectual property to protect the proprietary
technologies that we believe are important to our business. Our success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent
and other proprietary protection for commercially important inventions and know-how, defend and enforce our patents, maintain our licenses,
preserve our trade secrets, and operate without infringing valid and enforceable patents and other proprietary rights of third parties.
We also rely on continuing technological innovation to develop, strengthen, and maintain our proprietary position in the field of diagnostic
decision- support software devices. 

11 

The
IR based core technologies underlying the PressureSafe device are covered by patent issued (US Patent No. US 10,709,365) and (US
Patent No. US10,772,541) issued on July 14, 2020 and September 15, 2020 respectively. All our patents are marked under system
and method for noninvasive analysis of subcutaneous tissue . Such patents are owned by IR-Med Ltd. and are valid through August
2034. 

These
patents are based on physical phenomena of light reflection from the surface of the skin. The PressureSafe device irradiates the surface
of tissue with harmless infrared and visual light radiation. The reflected light from the tissue changes its physical properties according
to the level of injury in the sub dermal tissue (under the skin). Comparing the reflected light from a healthy tissue and reflected light
from a suspected injured tissue allows early detection of sub dermal pressure injuries. 

During
2022 IR-Med applied for two new provisional patents in the US. and European Union, one for the PressureSafe device and one for
NoBiotics. 

As
of the date of this report, a significant portion of our granted U.S. patent applications and pending patent applications in foreign
jurisdictions is directed to enhance both the PressureSafe and other future applications devices. However, some of these patent applications
may not result in issued patents, and not all issued patents may be maintained in force for their entire term. 

Competition 

We
operate in highly competitive segments of the medical device markets. We face competition from many different sources, including commercial
medical device enterprises, academic institutions, government agencies, and private and public research institutions. Many of our competitors
have significantly greater financial, product development, manufacturing and marketing resources than us. Large medical device companies
have extensive experience in clinical testing and obtaining regulatory approval for medical devices. We also may compete with these organizations
to recruit scientists and clinical development personnel. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors,
particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 

We
expect PressureSafe , if and when commercially available, to compete directly with Bruin s Biometrics Provizio SEM Scanner,
which is currently commercially available in the US, UK and the EU. As we intend with the PressureSafe device, the Bruin scanner
is marketed to senior care facilities, as well as other health care centers. Bruin s product is based on electro - resistance measurement
of the skin moisture, a method that it significantly different that the approach contained in the PressureSafe device which utilizes
real-time optical monitoring device combined with an AI based capabilities for pre-emptive detection of pressure injuries in different
settings. In addition, new developments, including the development of other medical device technologies and methods of preventing pressure
injuries, occur in the medical device industry at a rapid pace. 

We
expect Nobiotics , if completed, to compete with other otoscopes which are in development or other products in development for
the purpose of assisting with assessment of Otitis Media, for distinguishing between virus and bacteria origin. 

Manufacturing 

We
do not own or operate manufacturing facilities. While we plan to depend on third party contract manufacturers for device manufacturing,
we plan to perform the final assembly, quality control and release of finished goods in our facilities. 

Manufacturers
of our products are required among other things, to comply with applicable FDA/EMA manufacturing requirements contained in the FDA/EMA s
Quality System Regulation (QSR). The QSR requires manufacturing quality assurance and quality control as well as the corresponding maintenance
of records and documentation. 

12 

Major
changes to the device generally require regulatory approval before being implemented e.g. adding new indications and additional labeling
claims etc. 

Under
FDA Medical Device Reporting (MDR) regulations, medical device manufacturers are required to report to the FDA information that a device
has or may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or has malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute
to death or serious injury if the malfunction of the device or one of our similar devices were to recur. Discovery of problems with a
product after product release may result in restriction on a product, manufacturer, including withdrawal of the product from the market. 

We
do not have any current contractual relationships for the manufacture of commercial supplies of any of our product candidates if they
are approved. We intend to enter into agreements with a CMO and one or more back-up manufacturers for the commercial production of our
product candidates as they near potential approval. 

Distribution
and Revenue Generation 

We
intend to establish sales and marketing structures and strategic partnerships in the United States, UK and in Europe to support all of
our product candidates. 

The
target market for our PressureSafe device are relevant Health care setting (i.e., hospitals, senior care facilities, home care companies
etc.).nursing homes and a growing segment of long terms home care givers. Towards that end, in third quarter of 2022, we began preparations
in anticipation of commercialization of PressureSafe in the United States during 2023, pending regulatory approvals. A distribution
agreement was entered into with PI Prevention Care LLC, a newly formed entity focused on marketing to the senior care facility, hospital
and homecare markets. The Distributor, which received exclusive rights for PressureSafe distribution across the United States, includes
personnel who have many years experience in addressing and responding to the needs of these types of organizations. Under the
terms of the Agreement which were publicly disclosed, to maintain exclusivity the Distributor is obligated to comply with minimum purchase
requirements of the device and accompanying disposables. 

Once
we receive the appropriate sales approvals, we expect the marketing will be done with local partners who have the relevant abilities
and connections per each territory the company will ask to sell the products at. Since each country has its own specific healthcare system,
a local partner (one or more) will be chosen to address the specific market needs- in terms of regulation, technical support and so on.
Pricing will be determine by the local partner, taking in account all overhead expected costs, regulation requirements and reimbursement
methods. 

Nobiotics 
target users will be pediatricians, family doctors pediatricians and Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT) doctors. The distribution of the Nobiotics
is expected to be carried out by companies who are suppling devices and disposables to the target audience. 

In
both the PressureSafe and the Nobiotics devices, the revenue stream is expected to be generated mainly from the disposables
and PSaaS PressureSafe solution as a service) that are needed for the proper operation of the device, while the device itself
likely be given under lease agreements. It is envisioned that the disposable component will be mass produced. 

It
is expected that market penetration will be achieved through OEM agreements with one of several large medical device companies, already
selling to the target market. At the current time, we have no commitments from any such distributors or OEM partners. 

Facilities 

Our
subsidiary occupies approximately 130 square meters of facilities located in Rosh Pinna industrial zone, Israel, under an agreement for
shared office space and services that expires upon 90 days notice by either our subsidiary or the landlord. Through December 31,
2022, we were paying a monthly rent of 15,000 NIS per month (approximately 4,273). 

13 

Government
Regulation and Product Approval 

Government
authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and other countries extensively regulate, among other things,
the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion,
advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of products such as those we are developing. 

Government
Regulations. 

Before
we can market our product candidates to the public in the US, we believe they will need to obtain clearance for commercial sales. Our
devices will be subject to ongoing regulation by the FDA in the US and other federal, state, and local regulatory bodies. 

FDA
regulations govern, among other things, product design and development, manufacturing, labeling, pre-clinical and clinical trials, post-market
adverse event reporting, post-market surveillance, complaint handling, repair or recall of products, product storage, record keeping,
pre-market clearance, advertising and promotion, and sales and distribution. 

Unless
an exemption applies, each medical device, such as our PressureSafe and Nobiotics that is intended to be commercially distributed in
the United States requires 510(k) clearance from the FDA. Based on the FDA guidance documents that we have reviewed, we expect to be
subject to the shorter and more streamlined 510(k) process for PressureSafe, which typically involves less risk of uncertainty, and the
submission of less supporting documentation, and without the costly clinical trials; though of course no prior guarantee can be provided
as to such regulatory treatment. Generally, gaining 510(k) clearance for a product depends on demonstrating that the subject product
is substantially equivalent to a previously cleared 510(k) device. 

For
the PressureSafe device, we are working closely with our FDA regulatory consultants to complete our pre-market notification to
the FDA for 510(k) clearance and all other necessary design and manufacturing processes. We intend to pursue approximately the same regulatory
track for the Nobiotics device. 

Failure
to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement actions by the FDA and other regulatory agencies, which may
include any of the following sanctions: untitled letters or warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees, civil or criminal penalties,
recall or seizure of our current or future products, operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production, refusal
of or delay in granting 510(k) clearance of new products or modified products or rescinding previously granted 510(k) clearances. Any
of these sanctions could result in higher than anticipated costs and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial
condition. See Risk Factor Government Regulation, above. 

The
FDA can delay, limit or deny clearance of our proposed devices for many reasons, including: 

our
 inability to demonstrate that our product is safe and effective for its intended users 

our
 inability to demonstrate that our product is the substantial equivalent of a previously cleared device; 

the
 data from clinical studies that we undertake may be insufficient to support clearance and 

failure
 of the manufacturing process or facilities we use to meet applicable requirements. 

In
addition, the FDA may change its pre-market policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions
which may prevent or delay clearance of our devices. 

Any
delay in, or failure to receive or maintain regulatory compliance prior to marketing our devices could prevent us from generating revenue
therefrom or achieving profitability. 

Additionally,
the FDA and other regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers. Regulatory enforcement or inquiries, or other increased scrutiny
on us, could dissuade some customers from using our proposed product and adversely affect our reputation and the perceived safety and
efficacy of our proposed devices. If the FDA requires us to go through a more rigorous examination for our proposed product than we currently
expect, such as requiring additional testing further verification or other procedures, we may require substantial additional funding
sooner than anticipated and/or our product could be severely delayed. Being subject to an extended period of scrutiny or being required
to conduct expensive clinical trials would be particularly harmful to our business because our proposed devices currently constate our
only products. 

14 

Ongoing
Regulation by FDA . 

Placing
the PressureSafe device on the market requires in addition: 

Establishment
 registration and device listing; 

Quality
 system regulation, which requires manufacturers, including third party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control,
 documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the manufacturing process; 

Labeling
 regulations and FDA prohibitions against the promotion of products for un-cleared, unapproved or off-label uses, and
 other requirements related to advertising and promotional activities; 

Medical
 device reporting (MDR) regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed
 to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the
 malfunction were to recur; 

Corrections
 and removals reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals
 if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health; 

Labelling
 and Unique Device Identification (UDI) regulations; and 

Post-market
 surveillance regulations, which apply when necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness
 data for the device. (Refer to the section below) 

Post-Approval
Requirements 

Although
premarket clinical trials provide important information on a device s safety and effectiveness, it is possible that new safety
concerns will emerge once the device is on the market. As a result, the FDA continues to monitor device performance after a device has
been approved. FDA officials conduct routine inspections of medical device manufacturing facilities across the United States. Manufactures
may be informed of inspections in advance, or the inspections may be unannounced. Inspection may be routine or cause by a particular
problem. The purpose of these inspections is to make sure developers are following good manufacturing practices. Furthermore, the FDA
can shut down a manufacturing facility if required standards are not met. 

Useability
Studies 

In
June 2022, IR Med. Ltd., our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a study agreement with Beit Rivka, a Large Geriatric Hospital in Israel
associated with Clalit, the largest Health Insurance Fund in Israel, to conduct a usability study of Pressuresafe . In February
2023, our subsidiary IR-Med Ltd. entered into an agreement with Rabin Medical Center RMC -a leading general hospital in Israel
to perform a usability study, as an additional study center to the current study that we have been performing at Beit-Rivka, a large
geriatrics hospital in Israel. The agreement is to conduct a usability study of our proprietary and patent protected PressureSafe 
device, which we plan to launch as a decision support system (DSS) tool for care givers in Hospitals, Nursing homes and Home-Care companies. 

In
addition, we plan to conduct useability studies in the U.S. or other countries on the PressureSafe and on NoBiotics . Additional
regulations govern the approval, initiation, conduct, documentation and reporting of clinical studies to regulatory agencies in the countries
or regions in which they are conducted. Such investigational use is generally also regulated by local and institutional requirements
and policies which usually include review by an ethics committee or institutional review board, or IRB. Failure to comply with all regulations
governing such studies could subject the company to significant enforcement actions and sanctions, including halting of the study, seizure
of investigational devices or data, sanctions against investigators, civil or criminal penalties, and other actions. Without the data
from one or more clinical studies, it may not be possible for us to secure the data necessary to support certain regulatory submissions,
to secure reimbursement or demonstrate other requirements. We cannot assure that access to clinical investigators, sites and subjects,
documentation and data will be available on the terms and timeframes necessary. 

15 

Reimbursement 

Our
current go-to-market strategy does not contemplate or rely upon governmental or third-party payor reimbursement. However, in the future
we plan to seek reimbursement for product candidates as a means to expand the adoption of products and broaden our customer base. 

To
the extent that we adopt a market strategy which is in whole or in part reliant on third party reimbursement, commercial sales of our
future products will depend in part on the availability of reimbursement from such third-party payors, including government health administrative
authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. Each third-party payor may have its own policy
regarding what products it will cover, the conditions under which it will cover such products, and how much it will pay for such products.
Third-party payors are increasingly examining the medical necessity and cost effectiveness of medical products and services in addition
to safety and efficacy and, accordingly, significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved devices. Further,
healthcare policy and payment reform models and medical cost containment models are being considered and/or adopted in the United States
and other countries. Legislative and/or administrative reforms to applicable reimbursement systems may significantly reduce reimbursement
for the services in which our products are used or result in the denial of coverage for such services outright. As a result, third-party
reimbursement adequate to enable us to realize an appropriate return on our investment in research and product development may not be
available for our products. 

Other
Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 

In
the United States, our activities are potentially subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to
the FDA, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (formerly the Health Care Financing Administration), other divisions
of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (e.g., the Office of Inspector General), the United States Department of
Justice and individual United States Attorney offices within the Department of Justice, and state and local governments. 

Anti-Kickback
Statutes in the United States 

The
U.S. federal anti-kickback statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration,
directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, arranging for or recommending
of a good or service, for which payment may be made in whole or in part under a U.S. federal healthcare program such as the Medicare
and Medicaid programs. The definition of remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including
gifts, discounts, the furnishing of supplies or equipment, payments of cash and waivers of payments. Several courts have interpreted
the statute s intent requirement to mean that, if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals
or otherwise generate business involving goods or services reimbursed in whole or in part under U.S. federal healthcare programs, the
statute has been violated. Penalties for violations include criminal penalties and civil sanctions such as fines, imprisonment and possible
exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid and other U.S. federal healthcare programs. The reach of the federal anti-kickback statute was broadened
by the ACA, which, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback statute. Pursuant to the statutory
amendment, a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have
committed a violation. The ACA further provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from
a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the U.S. False Claims Act or
the Civil Monetary Penalties statute, which imposes penalties against any person who is determined to have presented or caused to be
presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as
claimed or is false or fraudulent. 

The
U.S. federal anti-kickback statute is broad and prohibits many arrangements and practices that are lawful in businesses outside of the
healthcare industry. Recognizing that the statute is broad and may technically prohibit many innocuous or beneficial arrangements, the
Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, or OIG, has issued a series of regulations, known as the
 safe harbors. These safe harbors set forth provisions that, if all their applicable requirements are met, will assure healthcare
providers and other parties that they will not be prosecuted under the anti-kickback statute. The failure of a transaction or arrangement
to fit precisely within one or more safe harbors does not necessarily mean that it is illegal or that prosecution will be pursued. However,
conduct and business arrangements that do not fully satisfy an applicable safe harbor may result in increased scrutiny by government
enforcement authorities such as the OIG or the U.S. Department of Justice. 

16 

Many
states have adopted laws similar to the U.S. federal anti-kickback statute. Some of these state prohibitions are broader than the U.S.
federal statute, and apply to the referral of patients and recommendations for healthcare items or services reimbursed by any source,
not only the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Government officials have focused certain enforcement efforts on marketing of healthcare
items and services, among other activities, and have brought cases against individuals or entities with sales personnel who allegedly
offered unlawful inducements to potential or existing physician users in an attempt to procure their business. 

U.S.
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 

HIPAA
imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private payors, or making
false statements relating to healthcare matters. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health
Act, or HITECH, which governs the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and protects the security and privacy of protected
health information and which can impose civil or criminal liability for violations of its provisions. 

In
addition, we may be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct
our business. HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and its implementing regulations, imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security
and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and security
standards directly applicable to business associates independent contractors or agents of covered entities that
receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also increased
the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates and possibly other persons, and gave
state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA
laws and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy
and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have
the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

International
Regulation 

The
European Commission is the legislative body responsible for the EU MDR (Medical Device Regulation) with which manufacturers selling medical
products in the European Union and the European Economic Area, or EEA, must comply. The European Union has adopted regulations of the
design, manufacture, labeling, clinical studies, post-market clinical follow-up, post-market surveillance and vigilance for medical devices.
Devices that comply with the requirements of a relevant EU MDR will be entitled to bear the CE conformity marking, indicating that the
device conforms to the essential requirements of the applicable regulations and, accordingly, can be marketed throughout the European
Union and EEA, after being certified by a Notified Body. The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization
that is valid for all European Union member states. 

In
addition to regulations in the United States, there are a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales
and distribution of any product candidates. The approval process varies from country to country, and the time may be longer or shorter
than that required for bringing the product to the US market. 

Employees
 Consultants 

As
of March 2023, we had seven employees and one service provider, on a full-time basis, with an additional one employee and four service
providers, on a part time basis, engaged in product research and development at IR-Med Ltd. 

17 

Israeli
labor laws govern the length of the workday, minimum wages for employees, procedures for hiring and dismissing employees, determination
of severance pay, annual leave, sick days, advance notice of termination of employment, equal opportunity and anti-discrimination laws
and other conditions of employment. Subject to specified exceptions, Israeli law generally requires severance pay upon the retirement,
death or dismissal of an employee, and requires us and our employees to make payments to the National Insurance Institute, which is similar
to the U.S. Social Security Administration. Our employees have defined benefit pension plans that comply with the applicable Israeli
legal requirements. Our employees are not represented by a labor union. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. To
date, we have not experienced any work stoppages. 

Legal
Proceedings 

We
are not presently a party to any legal proceedings. We may from time to time be involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a
nature we believe are normal and incidental to a medical device business. These matters may include product liability, intellectual property,
employment and other general claims. We accrue for contingent liabilities when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and
the amount can be reasonably estimated. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because defense and settlement
costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

Corporate
Values and Ethics 

We
strongly believe that our success depends on all of our employees identifying with our company s purpose and understanding how
their work contributes to the Company s overall strategy. To this end, we engaged in an inclusive all-company process to develop
our company purpose, vision, mission and values. 

Our
corporate culture and values, along with our employees are our most valuable. These values, are: 

Passion, 

Integrity, 

Excellence, 

Responsibility, 

Innovation, and 

Spirit of Collaboration. 

These
values form part of our goal setting and review process to ensure accountability to these values at all levels. In order to further ensure
we live our values and our culture stays unique and strong, our Board of Directors and executive management team put significant focus
on our human capital resources. 

We
utilize a variety of channels to facilitate open and direct communication, including: (i) monthly all-hands staff meetings, (ii) regular
open learning forums to promote peer learning or town hall meetings with executives; (iii) regular ongoing update communications; and
(iv) employee surveys beyond the annual engagement survey referenced above on an as-needed basis. 

Employee
Compensation and Benefits 

Our
compensation programs are designed to align the compensation of our employees with the Company s performance and to provide the
proper incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve superior results. The structure of our compensation programs balances
incentive earnings for both short-term and long-term performance. Specifically: 

We provide employee base salaries that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge and
geographic location. 

To foster a stronger sense of ownership and align the interests of employees with those of our shareholders, we offer both a stock option
program and employee stock purchase program to eligible employees under our broad-based equity incentive plans. 

Annual increases and incentive compensation are based on merit, which is communicated to employees at the time of hiring and documented
through our talent management process as part of our annual review procedures and upon internal transfer and/or promotion. 

18 

Diversity
and Inclusion 

Ingrained
in our culture is the philosophy that each individual offers diverse perspectives, backgrounds and experiences that create great outcomes
when we are united as a team. We respect our people and embrace our differences. We welcome everyone and value the ideas generated by
our collective uniqueness. We aspire that all of our teammates reach their full potential and we encourage them to be confident in their
differences. 

Employee
Development and Training 

We
invest significant resources in developing and retaining the talent needed to achieve our business goals. To support our employees in
reaching their full potential, we offer internal and promote external learning and development opportunities. Education assistance is
offered to financially support employees who seek to expand their knowledge and skill base. 

Corporate
and Available Information 

Our
Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available
free of charge though our website http://www.irmedical.com as soon as practicable after such material is electronically filed
with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Except as otherwise stated in these documents,
the information contained on our website or available by hyperlink from our website is not incorporated by reference into this report
or any other documents we file, with or furnish to, the SEC. 

Our
common stock is listed and traded on the Over-the-counter market OTCQB under the symbol IRME. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other
information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before
making any decision to invest in shares of our common stock. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. If
any of the events discussed in the risk factors below occurs, our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and
cash flows could be materially harmed. If that were to happen, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose
all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not currently
known to us or other factors not perceived by us to present significant risks to our business at this time also may impair our business
operations. 

19 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address
all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face,
can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 

We are a development stage medical device company and have a history of
significant operating losses; we expect to continue to incur operating losses, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

We will need substantial additional funding to continue our operations,
which could result in significant dilution or restrictions on our business activities. We may not be able to raise capital when needed,
if at all, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts and could
cause our business to fail . 

Our independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory
paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our audited financial statements included in this report.
Our audited financial statements at December 31, 2022 were prepared assuming that we will continue
as a going concern. 

Medical device development involves a lengthy and expensive process, with
an uncertain outcome. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development
and commercialization of any product. 

We currently have no products that are approved for commercial sale. If
we are unable to successfully develop, receive commercial sale approval from the regulatory authorities as applicable and commercialize
initially our PressureSafe device under development, or if we experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be adversely
affected. 

The size and future growth in the market for our planned devices under
development has not been established with precision and may be smaller than we estimate, possibly materially. If our estimates and projections
overestimate the size of this market, our sales growth may be adversely affected. 

Any product candidates we may advance into clinical trials (assuming the
FDA so requires) may be subject to extensive regulation, which can be costly and time consuming, cause unanticipated delays or prevent
the receipt of the required approvals to commercialize our product candidates, all of which can adversely affect our business 

We may be subject to numerous and varying privacy and security laws, and
our failure to comply could result in penalties and reputational damage. 

If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or fail
to enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell any products we may successfully develop, we may not be able to effectively
market and sell any such products and generate product revenue. 

Failure to manage our growth effectively could increase our expenses, decrease
our revenue and prevent us from implementing our business strategy. 

Failure to secure or retain coverage or adequate reimbursement for our
planned products in development by third-party payors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights or if our
intellectual property rights are inadequate to protect our technology, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology similar
to ours, and our competitive position could be harmed. 

Our technology development are headquartered in Israel and, therefore,
our results may be adversely affected by economic restrictions imposed on, and political and military instability in, Israel. 

Risk
Factors 

An
investment in our common stock involves a number of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties
in addition to other information in this report in evaluating our company and its business before purchasing shares of our company s
common stock. Our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed due to any of the following risks. You
could lose all or part of your investment due to any of these risks. 

Risks
Related to Our Business, Financial Position, Capital Requirements, Managing our Growth and Other Legal Compliance Matters 

We
are a development stage medical device company and have a history of significant operating losses; we expect to continue to incur operating
losses, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

As
a development stage company, we do not currently have revenues to generate cash flows to cover operating expenses. Since our inception,
we have incurred operating losses in each year due to costs incurred in connection with research and development activities, marketing
and general and administrative expenses associated with our operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net
losses of approximately 4,734,000 and 3,716,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 9,930,000
and 5,196,000, respectively 

We
expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of, and seek regulatory clearance and approvals for,
initially for our PressureSafe device-in-development (for pre-emptive diagnosis of pressure injuries on the skin surface) and
thereafter for the Nobiotics device (for detecting the ear infections in children). If we fail to generate revenue and eventually become
profitable, or if we are unable to fund our continuing losses, our shareholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment. 

We
will need substantial additional funding to complete subsequent phases of our medical devices and to operate our business and such funding
may not be available or, if it is available, such financing is likely to substantially dilute our existing shareholders. 

The
discovery, development, and commercialization of new medical devices, (such as our PressureSafe and Nobiotics devices), entail significant
costs. As we are in the early stage of the engineering, electronics, algorithm and mechanical aspects of our prototypes, we still must
develop, modify, refine and finalize them. To enable us to accomplish these and other related items and continue to operate our business,
we will need to raise substantial additional capital, or enter into strategic partnerships, to enable us to: 

fund
 clinical studies and seek regulatory approvals/clearance prior to performing clinical trials (if needed); 

build
 or access manufacturing and commercialization capabilities; 

develop,
 test, and receive regulatory commercial sale approval to market our products; 

acquire
 or license additional internal systems and other infrastructure; and 

hire
 and support additional management, engineering and scientific personnel. 

20 

We
will need substantial additional funding to continue our operations, which could result in significant dilution or restrictions on our
business activities. We may not be able to raise capital when needed, if at all, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our
product development programs or commercialization efforts and could cause our business to fail. 

Our
operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to need substantial additional funding to pursue the
clinical development of our drug candidates and launch and commercialize any drug candidates for which we receive regulatory approval. 

We
raised gross proceeds to us of 5.831 million between December 2020 and April 2021 and an additional 3.625 million between April and
July 2022 in private placements to qualified investors. Nonetheless, we will require additional capital for the further development and
commercialization of our two product candidates (which are in various stages of design and development) and may need to raise additional
funds sooner if we choose to and are able to expand more rapidly than we currently anticipate. Further, we expect our expenses to increase
in connection with our ongoing activities. In addition, if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we expect
to incur significant commercialization expenses related to regulatory requirements, product manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution. 

Furthermore,
we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. We may also encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties,
complications, delays and other unknown factors that may increase our capital needs and/or cause us to spend our cash resources faster
than we expect. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in order to continue our operations. 

To
date, we have financed our operations through a mix of equity investments from private investors, the incurrence of debt, grant funding
and technology licensing revenues, and we expect to continue to utilize such means of financing for the foreseeable future. Additional
funding from those or other sources may not be available when or in the amounts needed, on acceptable terms, or at all. 

If
we raise capital through the sale of equity, or securities convertible into equity, it would result in dilution to our then existing
stockholders, which could be significant depending on the price at which we may be able to sell our securities. 

If
we raise additional capital through the incurrence of indebtedness, we may become subject to covenants restricting our business activities,
and holders of debt instruments may have rights and privileges senior to those of our equity investors. In addition, servicing the interest
and principal repayment obligations under debt facilities could divert funds that would otherwise be available to support research and
development or commercialization activities. 

If
we are unable to raise capital when needed on commercially reasonable terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research
and development for our product candidates or any future commercialization efforts or ultimately cease operations. Any of these events
could significantly harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 

Until
we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue to finance our cash requirements, which we may never achieve, we expect to finance
our cash needs primarily through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or through the establishment of possible strategic
alliances. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are not able to secure
additional equity funding when needed, we may have to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our clinical studies, development
programs or future commercialization initiatives. 

In
addition, any additional equity funding that we do obtain will dilute the ownership held by our existing security holders. The amount
of this dilution may be substantially increased if the trading price of our common stock is lower at the time of any financing. Regardless,
the economic dilution to shareholders will be significant if our stock price does not increase significantly, or if the effective price
of any sale is below the price paid by a particular shareholder. Any debt financing that we obtain in the future could involve substantial
restrictions on activities and creditors could seek a pledge of some or all of our assets. We have not identified potential sources for
such financing that we will require, and we do not have commitments from any third parties to provide any future debt financing. If we
fail to obtain funding as needed, we may be forced to cease or scale back operations, and our results, financial condition and stock
price would be adversely affected. 

21 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern
in its report on our audited financial statements included in this report. Our audited financial statements at December 31, 2022 were prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. 

Primarily
as a result of our losses and limited cash balances and cash flows, the report of our independent registered public accounting firm
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 contains an explanatory paragraph on our financial statements stating that the Company
has not generated sufficient revenues to cover operating expenses and will need additional capital to service its debt obligations.
While the Company raised proceeds of 3,625,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 by way of private placement offerings to
accredited investors it does not believe its resources will be sufficient to meet its operating and capital needs beyond the fourth
quarter of 2023. The Company expects it will require additional capital to fully implement the scope of its proposed business
operations, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The Company will have to continue
to rely on equity and debt financing, and/or continued support from its officers and directors. There can be no assurance that
financing, whether debt or equity, will be available to the Company in the amount required at any particular time or for any
particular period or, if available, that it can be obtained on favorable terms. 

If
we are unable to secure additional capital, we may be required to curtail our clinical and research and development initiatives and take
additional measures to reduce costs in order to conserve our cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet our obligations.
These measures could cause significant delays in our clinical and regulatory efforts, which is critical to the realization of our business
plan. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should we be unable to continue as a
going concern. It is not possible for us to predict at this time the potential success of our business. The revenue and income potential
of our proposed business and operations are currently unknown. If we cannot continue as a viable entity, you may lose some or all of
your investment. 

Our
limited operating history as a development stage company may hinder our ability to successfully meet our objectives. 

We
were formed in 2013, and since that time our focus has been on our two leading product candidates, which are the PressureSafe 
device and the Nobiotics device. We have limited experience with development stage operations, including manufacturing and have
not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in new
and rapidly evolving fields, particularly in the medical device support systems arena. In addition, the early-stage nature of our development
operations can only provide limited operating results upon which investors can evaluate our business and prospects. 

Our
limited operating history may adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy and achieve our business goals, which include,
among others, the following activities: 

developing
 our product candidates using unproven technologies; 

undertaking
 preclinical development and clinical trials as well as formulating and manufacturing products; 

obtaining
 the human, financial and other resources necessary to develop, test, manufacture, commercialize and market our product candidates; 

engaging
 collaborators to assist in developing, testing, manufacturing and marketing our product candidates; 

continuing
 to build and maintain an intellectual property portfolio covering our technology and product candidates; 

achieving
 acceptance and use by the medical community of our Anticalin platform and drug candidates after they receive regulatory approvals; 

maintaining,
 growing and managing our internal teams as and to the extent we increase our operations and develop new segments of our business; 

developing
 and maintaining successful collaboration, strategic and other relationships for the development and commercialization of our product
 candidates that receive regulatory approvals with existing and new partners; and 

managing
 our cash flows and any growth we may experience in an environment where costs and expenses relating to clinical studies, regulatory
 approvals and commercialization continue to increase. 

If
we are unsuccessful in accomplishing any or all of these objectives, we may not be able to raise capital, expand our business, develop
our drug candidates or continue our operations. 

We
may never achieve profitability. 

Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of medical device solutions, we are unable
to accurately predict the timing or amount of future revenue or expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. We
have financed our operations primarily through issuance and sale of equity and equity linked securities. The size of our future net losses
will depend, in part, on the rate of growth or contraction of our expenses and the level and rate of growth, if any, of our revenues.
We expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on, among other things: 

investments
 to expand and enhance our platform and technology infrastructure, make improvements to the scalability, availability and security
 of our platform, and develop new products; 

22 

sales
 and marketing, including expanding our indirect sales organization and marketing programs; 

planning
 and conducting clinical trials to obtain regulatory approval/clearance for the commercialization of our products; 

expansion
 of our operations and infrastructure, both domestically and internationally; and 

general
 administration, including legal, accounting and other expenses related to being a public company. 

If
we are unable to successfully commercialize our products or if revenue from any of our products that receives marketing approval is insufficient,
we will not achieve profitability. Furthermore, even if we successfully commercialize our products, our planned investments may not result
in increased revenue or growth of our business. We may not be able to generate net revenues sufficient to offset our expected cost increases
and planned investments in our business and platform. As a result, we may incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and may
not be able to achieve and sustain profitability. If we fail to achieve and sustain profitability, then we may not be able to achieve
our business plan, fund our business or continue as a going concern. 

Our
quarterly results may fluctuate significantly and period-to-period comparisons of our results may not be meaningful. 

Our
quarterly results, including the levels of future revenue, if any, our operating expenses and other costs, and our operating margins,
may fluctuate significantly in the future, and period-to-period comparisons of our results may not be meaningful. This may be especially
true to the extent that we do not successfully establish our business model. Accordingly, the results of any one period should not be
relied upon as an indication of our future performance. In addition, our quarterly results may not fully reflect the underlying performance
of our business. Factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly results include, but are not limited to: 

the
 timing of regulatory commercial sale approvals for our products in various stages of development; 

our
 ability to successfully establish our business model; 

our
 ability to attract and retain distribution networks, customers and to expand our business; 

enacted
 or pending legislation effecting the healthcare industry; 

changes
 in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 

the
 timing of our recognition of revenue and the mix of our revenues during the period; 

the
 amount and timing of operating expenses and other costs related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, infrastructure
 and operations; 

the
 amount and timing of operating expenses and other costs related to the development or acquisition of businesses, services, technologies
 or intellectual property rights; 

the
 timing and costs associated with legal or regulatory actions; 

changes
 in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors or customers; 

loss
 of our executive officers or other key employees 

23 

industry
 conditions and trends that are specific to the vertical markets in which we sell or intend to sell our devices; and 

general
 economic and market conditions. 

Fluctuations
in quarterly results may negatively impact the value of our common stock, regardless of whether they impact or reflect the overall performance
of our business. If our quarterly results fall below the expectations of investors or any securities analysts who follow our shares,
or below any guidance we may provide, the price of our ordinary shares could decline substantially. 

Currency
exchange rate fluctuations affect our results of operations, as reported in our financial statements. 

We
incur expenses in U.S. Dollars and in NIS but our functional currency is the U.S. dollar However, a significant portion of our headcount
related expenses, consisting principally of salaries and related personnel expenses as well as and R D consulting services, leases
and certain other operating expenses, are denominated in NIS. This foreign currency exposure gives rise to market risk associated with
exchange rate movements of the U.S. dollar against the NIS. Furthermore, we anticipate that a material portion of our expenses will continue
to be denominated in NIS. 

In
addition, increased international sales in the future may result in greater foreign currency denominated sales, increasing our foreign
currency risk. If we are not able to successfully hedge against the risks associated with currency fluctuations, our financial condition
and results of operations could be adversely affected. which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations 

Medical
device development involves a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. We may incur additional costs or experience delays
in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of any product. 

Before
the PressureSafe and/ or the Nobiotics medical devices can be available for commercial sale the United States and in other countries,
we must complete all regulatory requirements necessitated by the FDA and foreign health regulatory authorities and demonstrate the performance
and safety of our technology. These activities will include performing clinical useability studies. While we currently plan to pursue
510(k) approval which does not require clinical trials, the FDA may require clinical trials in order to approve our product candidates.
Clinical Trials are expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take years to complete and are inherently uncertain as to outcome.
A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. Further, the outcomes of completed clinical trials may not
be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results.
Clinical data is often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their products performed
satisfactorily in clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval. We have limited resources to complete the expensive
process of medical device development, and clinical trials, putting us at a disadvantage, particularly compared to some of our larger
and established competitors, and we may not have sufficient resources to commercialize our products under development in a timely fashion,
if ever. 

We
may experience numerous unforeseen events during or as a result of clinical trials that we may be required to perform that could delay
or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize our products, including: 

regulators
 may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 

the
 failure to successfully complete clinical trials testing requirements required by the FDA and foreign health regulatory authorities; 

we
 may experience delays in reaching agreement (or fail in reaching agreement) on acceptable clinical trial contracts, with third parties
 or acceptable clinical trial protocols with prospective trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and
 may vary significantly among trial sites; 

24 

clinical
 trials of the technology underlying PressureSafe or the Nobiotics devices may produce negative or inconclusive results, including
 failure to demonstrate statistical significance, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical
 trials or abandon our development programs; 

the
 number of people with the necessary disorders required for clinical trials may be larger than we anticipate. Enrollment in these
 clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate. People may drop out of these clinical trials or fail to return for follow-up at
 a higher rate than we anticipate; 

our
 third-party contractors conducting the clinical trials may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual
 obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all; 

the
 cost of clinical trials of our products may be greater than we anticipate; 

the
 supply or quality of our products or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our products may be insufficient or
 inadequate; and 

delays
 from our suppliers and manufacturers could impact clinical trial completion and impact future revenue. 

If
we are required to conduct clinical trials or other testing of our proposed devices under development beyond those that we contemplate
or if the results of these trials or tests are not favorable or if there are safety concerns, we may: 

not
 obtain commercial sale approvals at all; 

be
 delayed in obtaining commercial sale approvals for our planned products under development in a jurisdiction; or 

be
 subject to additional testing requirements. 

Our
development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or commercial sale approval from regulatory authorities. We do
not know whether any of our clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or
at all. Significant clinical trial delays also could allow our competitors to bring innovative products to market before we do and impair
our ability to successfully commercialize our products. 

Changes
in the configuration of the technology underlying our devices under development may result in additional costs or delay. 

As
products are developed through towards approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program,
such as manufacturing methods and configuration, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Any changes
we make carry the risk that they will not achieve the intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause our products under development
to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials conducted with the altered device.
Such changes may also require additional testing, regulatory notification or regulatory approval. This could delay completion of clinical
trials, increase costs, delay approval of our future products and jeopardize our ability to commence sales and generate revenue. 

25 

We
currently have no products that are approved for commercial sale. If we are unable to successfully develop, receive commercial sale approval
from the regulatory authorities as applicable and commercialize initially our PressureSafe device under development, or if we experience
significant delays in doing so, our business will be adversely affected. 

We
currently have no products that are approved for commercial sale. We initially plan to seek commercial sale approval from the regulatory
authority (FDA) to commercialize our PressureSafe under development and we may seek approval to commercialize in selected international
geographies. Our ability to generate revenue from our developed products, if any, will depend heavily on their successful development,
commercial sale approval and eventual commercialization. The success of any product that we develop will depend on several factors, including: 

receipt
 of timely FDA clearance of our planned regulatory pathway 

receipt
 of timely approval from foreign health regulatory authorities (if we seek approval in any jurisdiction outside the United States); 

successful
 completion of all necessary bench testing, and clinical trials, if necessary; 

our
 ability to procure and maintain suppliers and manufacturers of the components of the technology underlying PressureSafe and Nobiotics
 and future versions; 

launching
 commercial sales of our devices, if approved for commercial sale; 

market
 acceptance of our devices under development, if approved, by the medical community and third-party payers; 

our
 ability to obtain extensive coverage and reimbursement for use of our devices; 

the
 perceived advantages, cost, safety, convenience and accuracy of alternative diagnostic methods; 

obtaining
 and maintaining patent, trademark and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for our technology and otherwise protecting
 our rights in our intellectual property portfolio; and 

maintaining
 compliance with regulatory requirements, including current good manufacturing practices. 

Whether
commercial sale approval initially for the PressureSafe device will be granted is unpredictable and may depend upon several factors,
including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. We may need to perform clinical trials, and the FDA (and as we seek
to commercialize in selected international geographies, other foreign regulatory authorities) may require that we conduct additional
bench testing, and /or clinical trials, provide additional data, take additional manufacturing steps, or require other conditions, before
they will let us to market our device. If the FDA or other foreign regulatory authority will require additional clinical trials or data,
we would incur increased costs and delays in the access to market, which may require us to expend more resources than we have available. 

In
cases where we are successful in obtaining commercial sale approval to market one or more of our products, our revenue will be dependent,
in part, upon the size of the markets in the territories for which we gain commercial sale approval, the accepted price for the product,
the ability to obtain coverage and reimbursement, and whether we own the commercial rights for that territory. If the number of people
we target is not as significant as we estimate or the treatment population is narrowed by competition, physician choice or diagnostic
guidelines, we may not generate significant revenue from sales of such products, even if they are available on the market. 

Commercial
sale approval in the United States by the FDA does not guarantee approval by other regulatory authority in other countries or jurisdictions
or ensure approval for the same conditions of use. In addition, clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory
authorities in other country. Approval processes vary between countries and can involve additional product testing and validation and
additional administrative review periods. It is possible that no product we develop will ever obtain commercial sale approval in the
United States or any other jurisdiction, even if we expend substantial time and resources seeking such approval. If we do not achieve
one or more of these approvals in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to fully commercialize
any product and achieve profitability. 

26 

Both
before and after a product is commercially released, we will have ongoing responsibilities under U.S. and corresponding foreign regulations,
as applicable. We will also be subject to periodic inspections by the FDA and other foreign regulatory authorities as applicable, to
determine compliance with the US regulatory requirements, such as, the Quality System Regulation (QSR), the medical device reporting
(MDR), the reporting of adverse events and recalls, the regulations regarding notification on changes and other corresponding regulations
of other foreign regulatory authorities as applicable. These inspections can result in observations or reports, warning letters or other
similar notices or forms of enforcement action. If the FDA, or any other foreign authority as applicable, concludes that we are not in
compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our products are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, such
authority could ban these products, suspend or cancel our marketing authorizations, impose stop-sale and stop-import 
orders, refuse to issue export certificates, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded products, order a recall, repair, replacement,
correction or refund of such products, or require us to notify health providers and others that the products present unreasonable risks
of substantial harm to the public health. Discovery of previously unknown problems with our product s design or manufacture may
result in restrictions on use, restrictions placed on us or our suppliers, or withdrawal of an existing commercial sale approval. The
FDA or comparable foreign authority may also impose operating restrictions, enjoin and restrain certain violations of applicable law
pertaining to medical devices, assess civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees or us, or recommend criminal prosecution
of our Company. Adverse regulatory action may restrict us from effectively marketing and selling our products. In addition, negative
publicity and product liability claims resulting from any adverse regulatory action could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and operating results. 

Foreign
governmental regulations have become increasingly stringent and more extensive, and we may become subject to even more rigorous regulation
by foreign governmental authorities in the future. Penalties for a company s non-compliance with foreign governmental regulation
could be severe, including revocation or suspension of a company s business license and civil or criminal sanctions. 

Our
success depends on our ability to complete development, commercialize and gain market acceptance initially for PressureSafe and thereafter
for Nobiotics and any other device. 

Our
current business strategy is highly dependent on developing and commercially launching one product initially, our PressureSafe device
and achieving and maintaining market acceptance. We may face challenges convincing physicians, many of whom have extensive experience
with competitors products and established relationships with other companies, to appreciate the benefits of initially PressureSafe
in a way that is superior to and differentiated from currently available technology or know-how, and adopt it for supporting diagnostics
for their patients. 

Moreover,
healthcare providers tend to be slow to change their medical treatment practices because of perceived liability risks arising from the
use of new products and the uncertainty of third-party reimbursement. 

If
we are unable to achieve the support of caregivers and healthcare providers or widespread market acceptance for our devices, then our
sales potential, strategic objectives and profitability could be negatively impacted, which would adversely affect our business, financial
condition and operating results. 

We
depend on the knowledge and skills of our senior management. 

We
have benefited substantially from the leadership and performance of our senior management. Our success will depend on our ability to
retain our current management, and recruit additional management personnel. Competition for senior management in our industry is intense
and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to retain our personnel, or recruit additional personnel. The loss of the services of certain
members of our senior management could prevent or delay the implementation and completion of our strategic objectives or divert management s
attention to seeking qualified replacements. 

27 

It
may be difficult to enforce a U.S. judgment against us, our officers and directors and the foreign persons named in this registration
statement in the United States or in foreign countries, or to assert U.S. securities laws claims in foreign countries or serve process
on our officers and directors and these experts. 

While
we are incorporated in the State of Nevada, currently a majority of our directors and executive officers are not residents of the United
States. The majority of our assets are located outside the United States. Therefore, it may be difficult for an investor, or any other
person or entity, to enforce a U.S. court judgment based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against
us or any of these persons in a U.S. or foreign court, or to effect service of process upon these persons in the United States. Additionally,
it may be difficult for an investor, or any other person or entity, to assert U.S. securities law claims in original actions instituted
in foreign countries. Foreign courts may refuse to hear a claim based on a violation of U.S. securities laws on the grounds that foreign
countries are not necessary the most appropriate forum in which to bring such a claim. Even if a foreign court agrees to hear a claim,
it may determine that foreign law and not U.S. law is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of
applicable U.S. law must be proved as a fact, which can be a time-consuming and costly process. Certain matters of procedure will also
be governed by foreign countries law. There is little binding case law in foreign countries addressing the matters described above. 

The
size and future growth in the market for our planned devices under development has not been established with precision and may be
smaller than we estimate, possibly materially. If our estimates and projections overestimate the size of this market, our sales
growth may be adversely affected. 

Our
estimates of the size and future growth in the market for our intended devices under development, including the number of people who
may benefit from and be amenable to using our devices for diagnosis, is based on a number of internal and third-party studies, reports
and estimates. In addition, our internal estimates are based in large part on current diagnostic patterns by healthcare providers using
current generation technology and our belief is that the incidence of misdiagnosed skin pressure injuries and ear infections in children
in the United States and worldwide is increasing. While we believe these factors have historically provided and may continue to provide
us with effective tools in estimating the total market for our intended products under development, these estimates may not be correct
and the conditions supporting our estimates may change at any time, thereby reducing the predictive accuracy of these underlying factors.
The actual incidence of these phenomenon, and the actual demand for our products or competitive products, could differ materially from
our projections if our assumptions are incorrect. As a result, our estimates of the size and future growth in the market for our intended
products may prove to be incorrect, it may impair our projected sales growth and have an adverse impact on our business. 

Undetected
errors or defects in our planned medical devices under development or future versions thereof could harm our reputation, decrease the
market acceptance of PressureSafe and Nobiotics. 

The
technology underlying PressureSafe and Nobiotics may contain undetected errors or defects. Disruptions or other performance problems
with devices may delay development, prevent regulatory clearance or harm our reputation. If that occurs, we may incur significant costs,
the attention of our key personnel could be diverted, or other significant customer relations problems may arise. We may also be subject
to warranty and liability claims for damages related to errors or defects in PressureSafe and the Nobiotics devices or future versions
thereof. A material liability claim or other occurrence that harms our reputation or decreases market acceptance of our planned products
could harm our business and operating results. This risk exists even if a device is available for commercial sale and manufactured. 

Any
product candidates we may advance into clinical trials (assuming the FDA so requires) may be subject to extensive regulation, which can
be costly and time consuming, cause unanticipated delays or prevent the receipt of the required approvals to commercialize our product
candidates, all of which can adversely affect our business. 

Before
we can market a new medical device, such as our proposed products, we must first receive clearance under Section 510(k) of the FDA. In
the 510(k) clearance process, before a device may be marketed in the US, the FDA must determine that such proposed device is substantially
equivalent to a legally-marketed predicate device, which includes a device that has been previously cleared through
the 510(k) process, a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device), a device that was originally on
the U.S. market pursuant to an approved pre-market approval PMA and later down-classified, or a 510(k)-exempt device.
To be substantially equivalent, the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either
have the same technological characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different
questions of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. 

28 

The
510(k) clearance process can be expensive, lengthy and uncertain. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to
12 months, but can last longer. Despite the time, effort and cost, a device may not be cleared by the FDA. Any delay or failure to obtain
necessary regulatory clearances could harm our business, including our ability to commercialize our product and our shareholders could
lose their entire investment. Furthermore, even if we are granted the required regulatory clearances, such clearances may be subject
to significant limitations on the indicated uses for the device, which may limit the market for our product. 

As
noted, our regulatory approval plan is to obtain 510(K) clearance, however no assurance can be granted that we will so succeed. If the
510(k) clearance is not granted to us, the device testing, clinical trials, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising,
promotion, import, export, marketing and distribution of our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the
United States and by comparable health authorities in foreign markets. 

Despite
the time and expense invested in clinical trials of product candidates, commercial sale approval from applicable regulatory authority
is never guaranteed. 

FDA
or and other regulatory agency can delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons, including: 

the
 FDA or other foreign regulatory authority as applicable may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

we
 may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA that a product candidate is safe and effective for any indication; 

the
 FDA may not accept the clinical data from trials which are conducted by individual investigators in countries where the standard
 of care is potentially different from the United States; 

the
 results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA for clearance; 

the
 FDA may disagree with our interpretation of data from the bench testing, or clinical trials; 

the
 FDA may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we or our collaborators
 contract for clinical and commercial supplies; or 

the
 approval policies or regulations of the FDA may significantly be changed in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for
 approval. 

In
addition, the FDA may change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take
other actions, which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our products or impact our ability to modify our products after clearance
on a timely basis. Such policy or regulatory changes could impose additional requirements upon us that could delay our ability to obtain
clearance for our devices, increase the costs of compliance or restrict our ability to maintain products after clearance. For example,
as part of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, or FDASIA, enacted in 2012, Congress reauthorized the Medical
Device User Fee Amendments with various FDA performance goal commitments and enacted several Medical Device Regulatory Improvements 
and miscellaneous reforms, which are further intended to clarify and improve medical device regulation both pre- and post-clearance.
Some of these proposals and reforms could impose additional regulatory requirements upon us that could delay our ability to obtain new
clearance, increase the costs of compliance or restrict our ability to maintain any commercial sale approval we are able to obtain. 

With
respect to foreign markets, approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and administrative review
periods. Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approvals would prevent us from commercializing our
product candidates. 

29 

Significant
disruptions of information technology systems or security breaches could adversely affect our business. 

We
are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data to operate our business. In the ordinary course
of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information (including, among other things, trade secrets or
other intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information). It is critical that we do so in a secure manner
to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. We also have outsourced elements of our operations to
third parties, and as a result we manage a number of third-party vendors who may or could have access to our confidential information.
The size and complexity of our information technology systems, and those of third-party vendors with whom we contract, and the large
amounts of confidential information stored on those systems, make such systems vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches
from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, third-party vendors and/or business partners, or to cyber-attacks by malicious
third parties. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult
to detect. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and
other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. 

Significant
disruptions of our information technology systems, or those of our third-party vendors or business partners, or security breaches could
adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss, misappropriation and/or unauthorized access, use or disclosure of,
or the prevention of access to, confidential information, including, among other things, trade secrets or other intellectual property,
proprietary business information and personal information, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us.
For example, any such event that leads to unauthorized access, use or disclosure of personal information, including personal information
regarding our patients or employees, could harm our reputation, require us to comply with federal and/or state breach notification laws
and foreign law equivalents, and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect the privacy and security of
personal information, including the imposition of significant fines, penalties, or other liability for any noncompliance with certain
privacy and data security laws. Security breaches and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying
them may lead to increased harm of the type described above. While we have implemented security measures to protect our information technology
systems and infrastructure, there can be no assurance that such measures will prevent service interruptions or security breaches that
could adversely affect our business. In addition, our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against
costs of or claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches. A cybersecurity breach could adversely affect
our reputation and could result in other negative consequences, including disruption of our internal operations, increased cybersecurity
protection costs, lost revenue, or litigation. 

We
may be subject to numerous and varying privacy and security laws, and our failure to comply could result in penalties and reputational
damage. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations covering data privacy and the protection of personal information, including health information. The
legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy
and data protection issues which may affect our business. In the U.S., numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including state
security breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws, govern the
collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal information. Each of these laws is subject to varying interpretations by courts
and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues for us. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations we could
be subject to penalties or sanctions, including criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain or disclose individually identifiable health
information from a covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HIPAA. 

Other
countries have, or are developing, laws governing the collection, use and transmission of personal information as well. The EU and other
jurisdictions have adopted data protection laws and regulations, which impose significant compliance obligations. In the EU, for example,
effective May 25, 2018, the GDPR replaced the prior EU Data Protection Directive (95/46) that governed the processing of personal data
in the European Union. The GDPR imposes significant obligations on controllers and processors of personal data, including, as compared
to the prior directive, higher standards for obtaining consent from individuals to process their personal data, more robust notification
requirements to individuals about the processing of their personal data, a strengthened individual data rights regime, mandatory data
breach notifications, limitations on the retention of personal data and increased requirements pertaining to health data, and strict
rules and restrictions on the transfer of personal data outside of the EU, including to the U.S. The GDPR also imposes additional obligations
on, and required contractual provisions to be included in, contracts between companies subject to the GDPR and their third-party processors
that relate to the processing of personal data. The GDPR allows EU member states to make additional laws and regulations further limiting
the processing of genetic, biometric or health data. 

30 

Any
failure to comply with the requirements of GDPR and applicable national data protection laws of EU member states, could lead to regulatory
enforcement actions and significant administrative and/or financial penalties against us (fines of up to Euro 20,000,000 or up to 4 
of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher), and could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

If
we or our third-party manufacturers fail to comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulation, or QSR, our manufacturing operations
could be interrupted. 

In
the US, we and our future contract manufacturers are required to comply with the FDA s QSR requirements which covers the methods
and documentation of the design, testing, production, quality control, labeling, packaging, storage shipping and distribution of our
products. In other foreign countries ISO 13485 standard is used (but not limited), to show compliance with the design and manufacturing
requirements. We and our suppliers are also subject to the regulations of foreign jurisdictions regarding the manufacturing process if
we or our distributors market our products abroad. We continue to monitor our quality management in order to improve our overall level
of compliance. Our facilities will be subject to periodic and unannounced inspection by U.S. and other foreign regulatory agencies as
applicable to audit compliance with the regulations. If our facilities or those of our suppliers are found to be in violation of applicable
laws and regulations, or if we or our suppliers fail to take satisfactory corrective action in response to an adverse inspection, the
regulatory authority could take enforcement action, including any of the following sanctions: 

untitled
 letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

customer
 notifications or repair, replacement or refunds; 

operating
 restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

recalls,
 withdrawals, or administrative detention or seizure of our products; 

refusing
 or delaying requests for 510(k) marketing clearance applications relating to new products or modified products; 

withdrawing
 the product from the market; 

refusing
 to provide Certificates for Foreign Government; 

refusing
 to grant export approval for our products; or 

pursuing
 criminal prosecution. 

Any
of these sanctions could impair our ability to produce PressureSafe or Nobiotics in a cost-effective and timely manner in order to meet
our customers demands, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial
condition. We may also be required to bear other costs or take other actions that may have a negative impact on our future sales and
our ability to generate profits. 

31 

We
intend to rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials (if needed). If these third parties do not meet our deadlines or otherwise
conduct the trials as required, our clinical trials programs could be delayed or unsuccessful and we may not be able to obtain regulatory
approval for or commercialize our product candidates when expected or at all. 

We
do not have the ability to conduct all aspects of our clinical trials ourselves. We intend to use Contract Research Organizations (CROs)
to conduct clinical trials that we may be required to conduct and will rely upon medical institutions, clinical investigators and CRO s
and consultants to conduct these trials in accordance with our clinical protocols. Our future CROs, investigators and other third parties
play a significant role in the conduct of these trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data from the clinical trials. 

There
is no guarantee that any CROs, investigators and other third parties upon which we rely for administration and conduct of clinical trials
will devote adequate time and resources to such trials or perform as contractually required. If any of these third parties fail to meet
expected deadlines, fail to adhere to our clinical protocols or otherwise perform in a substandard manner, our clinical trials may be
extended, delayed or terminated. If any of these clinical trial sites terminate for any reason, we may experience the loss of follow-up
information on patients enrolled in our ongoing clinical trials unless we are able to transfer the care of those patients to another
qualified clinical trial site. In addition, principal investigators for any clinical trials we conduct may serve as scientific advisors
or consultants to us from time to time and receive cash or equity compensation in connection with such services. If these relationships
and any related compensation result in perceived or actual conflicts of interest, the integrity of the data generated at the applicable
clinical trial site may be jeopardized. 

If
our competitors develop tools for the target indications of our product candidates that are approved more quickly, marketed more successfully
or demonstrated to be more effective or accurate than our product candidates, our commercial opportunity will be reduced or eliminated. 

We
operate in highly competitive segments of the medical device markets. We face competition from many different sources, including commercial
medical device enterprises, academic institutions, government agencies, and private and public research institutions. Our product candidates,
if successfully developed and approved, will compete with established methods, as well as new diagnostic technologies that may be introduced
by our competitors. Our competitors may have significantly greater financial, product development, manufacturing and marketing resources
than us. Large medical device companies have extensive experience in clinical testing and obtaining regulatory approval for medical devices.
We also may compete with these organizations to recruit management, scientists and clinical development personnel. Smaller or early-stage
companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies.
New developments, including the development of other medical device technologies and methods of pressure injuries and ear infections
diagnostics, may occur in the medical device industries at a rapid pace. Developments by competitors may render our product candidates
obsolete or non-competitive. We will also face competition from these third parties in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel,
establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials and in identifying and in-licensing new product candidates. 

If
we or our U.S. Distributor are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or fail to enter into agreements with third
parties to market and sell any products we may successfully develop, we may not be able to effectively market and sell any such
products and generate product revenue. 

In October 2022, we entered into a distribution agreement covering the U.S. pursuant to which, among other things, the distributor is
to assist us in setting up a distribution network in the U.S. The establishment and development of a sales force, either by us or jointly
with distributor, or the establishment of a contract sales force to market any products we may develop will be expensive and time-consuming
and could delay any product launch. If we, or our development partners, are unable to establish sales and marketing capability or any
other non-technical capabilities necessary to commercialize any products we may successfully develop, we will need to contract with third
parties to market and sell such products. We may not be able to establish arrangements with third-parties on acceptable terms, if at all. 

If
we are not able to develop a strong brand and/ or increase market awareness for our product candidates, then our business, results of
operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

We
believe that the success of our product candidates will depend in part on our ability to develop a strong brand identity for our company
and products, and to increase the market awareness of our product and their capabilities, once these products are commercially launched.
The successful promotion of our brand will depend largely on our continued marketing efforts and our ability to offer high quality AI
capabilities with our products and ensure that our technology provides the expected benefits. Our brand promotion and thought leadership
activities may not be successful or produce revenue. In addition, independent industry analysts may provide reviews of our products and
of competing products and services, which may significantly influence the perception of our products in the marketplace. If these reviews
are negative or not as positive as reviews of our competitors products and services, then our brand may be harmed. 

32 

The
promotion of our brand also requires us to make substantial expenditures, and we anticipate that these expenditures will increase as
our industry becomes more competitive and as we seek to expand into new markets. These higher expenditures may not result in any increased
revenue or in revenue that is sufficient to offset the higher expense levels. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand,
then our business may not grow, we may see our pricing power reduced relative to competitors and we may lose customers, all of which
would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Failure
to manage our growth effectively could increase our expenses, decrease our revenue and prevent us from implementing our business strategy. 

We
expect that our ability to generate revenues and achieve profitability will require substantial growth in our business, which will put
a strain on our management and financial resources. To manage this and our anticipated future growth effectively, including as we expand
into new clinical areas and geographic regions, we must continue to maintain and enhance our information technology infrastructure, as
well as our financial and accounting systems and controls. We also must attract, train and retain a significant number of qualified software
and hardware developers and engineers, technical and management personnel, sales and marketing personnel and customer and channel partner
support personnel. Failure to effectively manage our rapid growth could lead us to over-invest or under-invest in development and operations,
result in weaknesses in our systems or controls, give rise to operational mistakes, losses, loss of productivity or business opportunities
and result in loss of employees and reduced productivity of remaining employees. Our growth could require significant capital expenditures
and might divert financial resources from other projects such as the development of new products and services. If our management is unable
to effectively manage our growth, our expenses might increase more than expected, our revenue could decline or grow more slowly than
expected, and we might be unable to implement our business strategy. The quality of our products and services might suffer, which could
negatively affect our reputation and harm our ability to retain and attract channel partners or customers. 

Failure
to secure or retain coverage or adequate reimbursement for our planned products in development by third-party payors could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
plan to derive nearly all of our revenue from sales, initially, of our PressureSafe device under development, if approved for commercial
sale, in the United States and potentially in selected international geographies and expect to do so for the next several years. We anticipate
a substantial portion of the purchase price of our product and disposables will be paid for by third-party payors, including private
insurance companies, preferred provider organizations and other managed care providers. Patients who receive services for their medical
conditions and their healthcare providers generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with
their medical treatment and diagnosis, including healthcare providers services. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party
payors, including governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors, is critical to new product
acceptance. Future sales of our PressureSafe device initially will be limited unless healthcare providers can rely on third-party payors
to pay for all or part of the cost to purchase/lease our devices and then pay for the disposable components. Access to adequate coverage
and reimbursement by third-party payors is essential to the market acceptance of our products. 

In
the United States, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for our products does not imply that an adequate reimbursement
rate will be obtained. Further, one third-party payor s decision to cover our products does not assure that other payors will also
provide coverage for the products or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. Healthcare providers may choose not to
order a product and or disposables unless third-party payors pay a substantial portion of the product and disposables. Within and outside
the United States, reimbursement is obtained from a variety of sources, including government-sponsored and private health insurance plans.
These third-party payors determine whether to provide coverage and reimbursement for specific products and procedures. Coverage determinations
and reimbursement levels of our products are critical to the commercial success of our product, and if we are not able to secure positive
coverage determinations and reimbursement levels for our products, our business would be materially adversely affected. 

33 

In
addition, there may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the
product received commercial sale approval from the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement
does not imply that any product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture,
sale and distribution. Payment rates may vary according to the use of the product and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be
based on payments allowed for lower cost products that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other
services. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or third-party
payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of products from countries where they may be sold at lower
prices than in the United States. 

Third-party
payors, whether foreign or domestic, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling
healthcare costs. In addition, in the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and
services exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and services can differ significantly
from payor to payor. In addition, payors continually review new technologies for possible coverage and can, without notice, deny coverage
for these new products and procedures. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that
will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that
coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained, or maintained if obtained. 

Reimbursement
systems in international markets vary significantly by country and by region within some countries, and reimbursement approvals must
be obtained on a country-by-country basis. In many international markets, a product must be approved for reimbursement before it can
be approved for sale in that country. Further, many international markets have government-managed healthcare systems that control reimbursement
for new devices and procedures. In most markets there are private insurance systems as well as government-managed systems. If sufficient
coverage and reimbursement is not available for any product we develop, in either the United States or internationally, the demand for
our products and our revenues will be adversely affected. 

34 

If
we fail to attract and retain key management and R D personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop or commercialize our product
candidates. 

We
will need to expand and effectively manage our managerial, operational, financial and other resources in order to successfully pursue
our product development and commercialization efforts. As a company with a limited number of personnel, we are highly dependent on the
development, regulatory, commercial and financial expertise of the members of our senior management. The loss of such individuals or
the services of any of our other senior management could delay or prevent the further development and potential commercialization of
our product candidates and, if we are not successful in finding suitable replacements, could harm our business. Our success also depends
on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management and scientific personnel and we may not be able
to do so in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel among biotechnology, medical device and high-technology
and companies, as well as universities and research organizations. If we are not able to attract and retain the necessary personnel,
we may experience significant impediments to our ability to implement our business strategy. 

We
may seek to grow our business through acquisitions of complementary products or technologies, and the failure to manage acquisitions,
or the failure to integrate them with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

From
time to time, we may consider opportunities to acquire other products or technologies that may enhance our products, platform or technology,
expand the breadth of our markets or customer base, or advance our business strategies. Potential acquisitions involve numerous risks,
including: 

problems
 assimilating the acquired products or technologies; 

issues
 maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; 

unanticipated
 costs associated with acquisitions; 

diversion
 of management s attention from our existing business; 

risks
 associated with entering new markets in which we have limited or no experience; and 

increased
 legal and accounting costs relating to the acquisitions or compliance with regulatory matters. 

We
have no current commitments with respect to any acquisition. We do not know if we will be able to identify suitable acquisitions, whether
we will be able to successfully complete any such acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, or whether we will be able to successfully
integrate any acquired products or technologies. Our potential inability to integrate any acquired products or technologies effectively
may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Risks
Related to our Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights or if our intellectual property rights are inadequate to protect our technology,
our competitors could develop and commercialize technology similar to ours, and our competitive position could be harmed. 

We
rely on a combination of patent and trademark laws in the United States and other countries, trade secret protection, confidentiality
agreements and other contractual arrangements with our employees, consultants and others to maintain our competitive position. In particular,
our success depends, in part, on our ability to maintain patent protection for our products, technologies and inventions, maintain the
confidentiality of our trade secrets and know-how, operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others and prevent others
from infringing upon our proprietary rights. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, it is possible that competitors or
other unauthorized third parties may obtain, copy, use or disclose our technologies, inventions, processes or improvements. Moreover,
other parties may independently develop similar or competing technology, methods, know-how or design around any patents that may be issued
to or held by us. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our products that we consider
proprietary. We cannot assure you that our existing or any future patents or other intellectual property rights will not be challenged,
invalidated or circumvented, or will otherwise provide us with meaningful protection. If our patents and other intellectual property
do not adequately protect our technology, our competitors may be able to offer products similar to ours. Our competitors may also be
able to develop similar technology independently or design around any patent(s) granted to us, and we may not be able to detect the unauthorized
use of our proprietary technology or take appropriate steps to prevent such use. 

35 

Any
such activities by our competitors that circumvent our intellectual property protection could subvert our competitive advantage and have
an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Furthermore,
filing, prosecuting, maintaining and defending patents on our solutions in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively
expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States are less extensive than those in the United
States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and
state laws in the United States. Also, it may not be possible to effectively enforce intellectual property rights in some foreign countries
at all or to the same extent as in the United States and other countries. Consequently, we may be unable to prevent third parties from
using our inventions in all countries, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in the jurisdictions in which
we do not have (or are unable to effectively enforce) patent protection. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where
we have not obtained patent protection to develop, market or otherwise commercialize their own products, and we may be unable to prevent
those competitors from importing those infringing products into territories where we have patent protection but enforcement is not as
strong as in the United States. 

We
may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights, which could adversely affect our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

There
is often litigation between competing companies relying on their respective technologies based on allegations of infringement or other
violations of intellectual property rights. Our future success depends, in part, on not infringing the intellectual property rights of
others. We may be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others that may cover some or all of our technology. Any such claims
or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial
damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering some portion of our products, or require that we comply with other unfavorable
terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our customers or channel partners in connection with any such litigation and to obtain licenses
or modify our products, which could further exhaust our resources. Patent infringement, trademark infringement, trade secret misappropriation
and other intellectual property claims and proceedings brought against us, whether successful or not, could harm our brand, business,
results of operations and financial condition. Litigation is inherently uncertain, and any judgment or injunctive relief entered against
us or any adverse settlement could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, litigation
can involve significant management time and attention and be expensive, regardless of the outcome. During the course of litigation, there
may be announcements of the results of hearings and motions and other interim developments related to the litigation. If securities analysts
or investors regard these announcements as negative, the trading price of our ordinary shares may decline. 

We
may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 

If
we attempt enforcement of our patents or other intellectual property rights, we may be subject or party to claims, negotiations or complex,
protracted litigation. These claims and any resulting lawsuits, if resolved adversely to us, could subject us to significant liability
for damages, impose temporary or permanent injunctions against our solutions or business operations, or invalidate or render unenforceable
our intellectual property 

Intellectual
property disputes and litigation, regardless of merit, can be costly and disruptive to our business operations by diverting attention
and energies of management and key technical personnel, and by increasing our costs of doing business. Such litigation, regardless of
its success, could seriously harm our reputation with our channel partners, business partners and patients and in the industry at large.
Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent or intellectual property litigation more effectively than
we can because they have substantially greater resources. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our operating results. 

36 

Risks
Relating to Our Israel Operations 

Our
technology development are headquartered in Israel and, therefore, our results may be adversely affected by economic restrictions imposed
on, and political and military instability in, Israel. 

Our
technology development headquarters, which houses substantially all of our research and development team, including engineers, machinists,
researchers, and clinical and regulatory personnel as well as the facility of our contract manufacturer and final assembly are located
in Israel. Our employees, service providers, directors and officers are residents of Israel. Accordingly, political, economic and military
conditions in Israel and the surrounding region may directly affect our business. Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption
or curtailment of trade within Israel or between Israel and its trading partners could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital. Although we plan to maintain
inventory in the United States and Germany, an extended interruption could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Recent
political uprisings, social unrest and violence in various countries in the Middle East and North Africa, including Israel s neighbors
Egypt and Syria, are affecting the political stability of those countries. This instability may lead to deterioration of the political
relationships that exist between Israel and these countries and has raised concerns regarding security in the region and the potential
for armed conflict. Our commercial insurance does not cover losses that may occur as a result of an event associated with the security
situation in the Middle East. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition,
Iran has threatened to attack Israel and is widely believed to be developing nuclear weapons. Iran is also believed to have a strong
influence among parties hostile to Israel in areas that neighbor Israel, such as the Syrian government, Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in
Lebanon. Any armed conflicts, terrorist activities or political instability in the region could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
operations and the operations of our contract manufacturer may be disrupted as a result of the obligation of Israeli citizens to perform
military service. 

Many
Israeli citizens are obligated to perform one month, and in some cases more, of annual military reserve duty until they reach the age
of 45 (or older, for reservists with certain occupations) and, in the event of a military conflict, may be called to active duty. In
response to terrorist activity, there have been periods of significant call-ups of military reservists. It is possible that there will
be additional military reserve duty call-ups in the future in connection with this conflict or otherwise. Some of our employees, consultants
and employees of the manufacturer of our products, are required to perform annual military reserve duty in Israel and may be called to
active duty at any time under emergency circumstances. Our operations and the operations of our manufacturer could be disrupted by such
call-ups. 

Our
sales may be adversely affected by boycotts of Israel. 

Several
countries, principally in the Middle East, restrict doing business with Israel and Israeli companies, and additional countries may impose
restrictions on doing business with Israel and Israeli companies whether as a result of hostilities in the region or otherwise. In addition,
there have been increased efforts by activists to cause companies and consumers to boycott Israeli goods based on Israeli government
policies. Such actions, particularly if they become more widespread, may adversely impact our ability to sell our products. 

Our
subsidiary has received Israeli government grants for certain of our research and development activities and we may receive additional
grants in the future. The terms of those grants restrict our ability to transfer technologies outside of Israel, and we may be required
to pay penalties in such cases or upon the sale of our company. 

Our
subsidiary, IR-Med Ltd., received a total of 327,000 from the Israel Innovation Authority (IIA). We may in the future apply to receive
additional grants from the IIA to support our research and development activities. With respect to such grants we are committed to pay
royalties at a rate of 3.0 to 3.5 on sales proceeds up to the total amount of grants received, linked to the dollar and bearing interest
at an annual rate of LIBOR applicable to dollar deposits. Even after payment in full of these amounts, we will still be required to comply
with the requirements of the Israeli Encouragement of Industrial Research, Development and Technological Innovation Law, 1984, or the
R D Law, and related regulations, with respect to those past grants. When a company develops know-how, technology or products using
IIA grants, the terms of these grants and the R D Law restrict the transfer outside of Israel of such know-how, and of the manufacturing
or manufacturing rights of such products, technologies or know-how, without the prior approval of the IIA. Therefore, if aspects of our
technologies are deemed to have been developed with IIA funding, the discretionary approval of an IIA committee would be required for
any transfer to third parties outside of Israel of know-how or manufacturing or manufacturing rights related to those aspects of such
technologies. Furthermore, the IIA may impose certain conditions on any arrangement under which it permits us to transfer technology
or development out of Israel or may not grant such approvals at all. 

37 

Furthermore,
the consideration available to our shareholders in a future transaction involving the transfer outside of Israel of technology or know-how
developed with IIA funding (such as a merger or similar transaction) may be reduced by any amounts that we are required to pay to the
IIA. Any such mergers require IIA approval to avoid penalties. 

In
addition to the above, any non-Israeli citizen, resident or entity that, among other things, (i) becomes a holder of 5 or more of our
share capital or voting rights, (ii) is entitled to appoint one or more of our directors or our chief executive officer or (iii) serves
as one of our directors or as our chief executive officer (including holders of 25 or more of the voting power, equity or the right
to nominate directors in such direct holder, if applicable) is required to notify the IIA and undertake to comply with the rules and
regulations applicable to the grant programs of the IIA, including the restrictions on transfer described above. Such notification will
be required in connection with the investment being made by an investor. 

Risks
Related to the Ownership of our Common Stock 

There
is not now, and there may never be, an active, liquid and orderly trading market for our common stock, which may make it difficult for
you to sell your shares of our common stock. 

There
is not now, nor has there been since our inception, an orderly and liquid market for shares of our common stock, and an active trading
market for our shares may never develop or be sustained after this offering. As a result, investors in our common stock must bear the
economic risk of holding those shares for an indefinite period of time. Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB-tier of the OTC Markets,
an over-the-counter quotation system. An active market for our common stock may never develop or be sustained. If an active market for
our common stock does not develop, it may be difficult for you to sell the shares you purchase in this offering without depressing the
market price for the shares or at all. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling additional
equity in the future, and may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire companies or products by using shares
of our common stock as consideration. 

Directors,
executive officers, principal stockholders and affiliated entities own a significant percentage of our capital stock, and they may make
decisions that our stockholders do not consider to be in their best interests. 

Currently,
our directors, executive officers, principal stockholders and affiliated entities beneficially own, in the aggregate, approximately 51 
of our outstanding voting securities. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control
of our company that may be favored by other stockholders. This could prevent transactions in which stockholders might otherwise recover
a premium for their shares over current market prices. This concentration of ownership and influence in management and board decision-making
could also harm the price of our capital stock by, among other things, discouraging a potential acquirer from seeking to acquire shares
of our capital stock (whether by making a tender offer or otherwise) or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

Sale
of our common stock by our stockholders could encourage short sales by third parties, which could contribute to the further decline of
our stock price. 

The
significant downward pressure on the price of our common stock caused by the sale of material amounts of common stock could encourage
short sales by third parties. Such an event could place further downward pressure on the price of our common stock. 

38 

Our
common stock has been thinly traded and we cannot predict the extent to which an active trading market will develop. 

Our
common stock is traded on the OTCQB-tier of OTC Markets. Our common stock is thinly traded when compared to larger more widely known
companies. Thinly traded common stock can be more volatile than common stock trading in an active public market. We cannot predict the
extent to which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained after this offering. 

Our
share price is expected to be volatile and may be influenced by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

Market
prices for shares of biotechnology and medical device companies such as ours are often volatile, and the quoted price of our common stock
is therefore likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are
beyond our control. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report, these
factors include: 

the
 product candidates we seek to pursue, and our ability to obtain rights to develop, commercialize and market those candidates; 

our
 decision to initiate a clinical trial, not to initiate a clinical trial or to terminate an existing clinical trial; 

actual
 or anticipated adverse results or delays in our clinical trials; 

our
 failure to commercialize our product candidates, if approved; 

unanticipated
 serious safety concerns related to the use of any of our product candidates; 

adverse
 regulatory decisions; 

additions
 or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 

changes
 in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates, including without limitation clinical trial requirements for approvals; 

disputes
 or other developments relating to patents and other proprietary rights and our ability to obtain patent protection for our product
 candidates; 

actual
 or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 

failure
 to meet or exceed the estimates and projections of the investment community; 

overall
 performance of the equity markets and other factors that may be unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance
 of our competitors, including changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

conditions
 or trends in the biotechnology and medical device industries; 

introduction
 of new products offered by us or our competitors; 

announcements
 of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 

our
 ability to maintain an adequate rate of growth and manage such growth; 

issuances
 of debt or equity securities; 

39 

sales
 of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future, or the perception that such sales could occur; 

trading
 volume of our common stock; 

ineffectiveness
 of our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures; 

general
 political and economic conditions; 

effects
 of natural or man-made catastrophic events; and 

other
 events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

In
addition, the stock market in general, and the stocks of small-cap biotechnology and medical device companies in particular, have experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies.
Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance.
In addition, other biotechnology and medical device companies or our competitors programs could have positive or negative results
that impact their stock prices and their results or stock fluctuations could have a positive or negative impact on our stock price regardless
of whether such impact is direct or not. The realization of any of the above risks or any of a broad range of other risks, including
those described in these Risk Factors, could have a dramatic and material adverse impact on the market price of our common
stock. 

Our
common stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited, which
makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in the stock. 

Rule
15g-9 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, establishes the definition of a penny stock, 
for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price
of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require:
(i) that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks in accordance with the provisions of Rule
15g-9; and (ii) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and
quantity of the penny stock to be purchased, provided that any such purchase shall not be effected less than two business days after
the broker or dealer sends such written agreement to the investor. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (i) obtain financial information,
investment experience and investment objectives of the person and (ii) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny
stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be reasonably expected
to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which: (i) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and (ii) in
highlight form, confirms that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our common stock. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions
payable to both the broker or dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent
price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. As a result, it may
be more difficult to execute trades of our common stock which may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of our common stock and your
investment. 

40 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish, or cease publishing, research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our
business or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and any trading volume
could decline. 

Any
trading market for our common stock that may develop will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts
publish about us or our business, markets or competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research
on us or our business. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of our company, the trading price for our stock would
be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts initiate coverage, and one or more of those analysts downgrade our stock or
publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or our market, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of
these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might
cause our stock price and any trading volume to decline. 

We
may have become exposed to material liabilities that were not discovered before, and have not been discovered since, due to the closing
of the Acquisition. 

As
a result of the Acquisition, we are responsible for any liabilities incurred by IR-Med Ltd. IR-Med Ltd. may have material liabilities
that have not been discovered or asserted. We could experience losses as a result of any such undisclosed liabilities that are discovered
in the future, which could materially harm our business and financial condition. As a result, our current and future stockholders will
bear some, or all, of the risks relating to any such unknown or undisclosed liabilities, if any. 

We
are exposed to additional risks as a result of going public by means of a reverse acquisition transaction. 

We
are exposed to additional risks because the business of IR Med Ltd. has become a public company through a reverse acquisition 
transaction. There has been increased focus in recent years by government agencies on transactions such as the Acquisition, and we may
be subject to increased scrutiny by the SEC or other government agencies and holders of our securities as a result of the completion
of that transaction. Further, as a result of our existence as a shell company under applicable rules of the SEC prior to
the closing of the Acquisition, we are subject to certain restrictions and limitations for certain specified periods of time relating
to potential future issuances of our securities and compliance with applicable SEC rules and regulations. Additionally, our going
public by means of a reverse acquisition transaction may make it more difficult for us to obtain coverage from securities analysts
of major brokerage firms following the Acquisition because there may be little incentive to those brokerage firms to recommend the purchase
of our common stock. Further, investment banks may be less likely to agree to underwrite secondary offerings on our behalf than they
might if we became a public reporting company by means of an initial public offering (IPO), because they may be less familiar with our
company as a result of more limited coverage by analysts and the media, and because we became public at an early stage in our development.
The failure to receive research coverage or support in the market for our shares will have an adverse effect on our ability to develop
a liquid market for our common stock. The occurrence of any such event could cause our business or stock price to suffer. 

If
we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be
impaired, which could harm our operating results, our ability to operate our business and investors views of us. 

We
are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes- Oxley Act, subject to certain
exceptions. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires public companies to conduct an annual review and evaluation of their internal
controls and to obtain attestations of the effectiveness of internal controls by independent auditors. As a private company, IR-Med Operations
was not subject to requirements to establish, and did not establish, internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls
and procedures prior to the Acquisition. Our management team and Board of Directors will need to devote significant efforts to maintaining
adequate and effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting in order to comply with applicable
regulations, which may include hiring additional legal, financial reporting and other finance and accounting staff. Additionally, any
of our efforts to improve our internal controls and design, implement and maintain an adequate system of disclosure controls may not
be successful and will require that we expend significant cash and other resources. 

41 

Ensuring
that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements
on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that will need to be evaluated frequently. Our failure to maintain the effectiveness
of our internal controls in accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on the tradability
of our common stock, which in turn would negatively impact our business. We could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness
of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. In addition, if our efforts to comply
with new or changed laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities
related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 

If
material weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal controls exist and go undetected or unremedied, our financial statements could contain
material misstatements that, when discovered in the future, could cause us to fail to meet our future reporting obligations and cause
the price of our common stock to decline. 

Shares
of our common stock that have not been registered under federal securities laws are subject to resale restrictions imposed by Rule 144,
including those set forth in Rule 144(i) which apply to a former shell company. 

We
were previously deemed a shell company under applicable SEC rules and regulations, prior to the reverse merger transaction
in which we became a public company, because we had no or nominal operations and either no or nominal assets, assets consisting solely
of cash and cash equivalents, or assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. Pursuant to Rule
144 of the Securities Act, sales of the securities of a former shell company, such as us, are not permitted unless at the time of a proposed
sale, (i) we are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and (ii) we have filed all reports
and other materials required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months, other
than current reports on Form 8-K. Additionally, our previous status as a shell company could also limit our use of our securities to
pay for any acquisitions we may seek to pursue in the future. The lack of liquidity of our securities as a result of the inability to
sell under Rule 144 for a longer period of time than a non-former shell company could cause the market price of our securities to decline.
Additionally, our previous status as a shell company could also limit our use of our securities to pay for any acquisitions we may seek
to pursue in the future (although none are currently planned). The lack of liquidity of our securities as a result of the inability to
sell under Rule 144 for a longer period of time than a non-former shell company could cause the market price of our securities to decline. 

If
we issue additional shares of our capital stock in the future, our existing stockholders will be diluted. 

Our
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 250,000,000 shares of our common stock Possible business
and financial uses for our authorized capital stock include, without limitation, equity financing, such as future stock splits, acquiring
other companies, businesses or products in exchange for shares of our capital stock, issuing shares of our capital stock to partners
or other collaborators in connection with strategic alliances, attracting and retaining employees by the issuance of additional securities
under our equity compensation plan, or other transactions and corporate purposes that our Board of Directors deems are in the interests
of our company. Additionally, issuances of shares of our capital stock could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control
or our management. Any future issuances of shares of our capital stock may not be made on favorable terms or at all, they may have rights,
preferences and privileges that are superior to those of our common stock, and may have an adverse effect on our business or the trading
price of our common stock. The issuance of any additional shares of our common stock will reduce the book value per share and may contribute
to a reduction in the market price of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 

42 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause
our stock price to fall. Shares of our common stock representing 51 of our currently outstanding shares will become freely tradable
upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. 

If
our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the trading
price of our common stock could decline. As of the date of this report, a total of 68,808,970 shares of our common stock are outstanding.
Of those shares, approximately 19 million are currently freely tradable, without restriction, in the public market 13,447,650_shares
issuable upon exercise of warrants which are registered for resale under the Securities Act. Any sales of those shares or any perception
in the market that such sales may occur could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. 

provisions
of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay,
defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might
consider to be in its interests, including attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. 

These
provisions provide, among other things: 

a
 classified Board of Directors with staggered three-year terms; 

advance
 notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at stockholder meetings; 

certain
 limitations on convening special stockholder meetings and the prohibition of stockholder action by written consent; and 

directors
 may only be removed for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80 of the voting power
 of all of the then-outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote at an election of directors, voting together as a single
 class. 

These
anti-takeover provisions, including those noted above, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third
party s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability
to obtain a premium for their shares. See Description of Securities. 

Article
XI of our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation designates the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada
as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, and therefore
may limit our shareholders ability to choose a forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, or agents. 

Article
XI of our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we consent
to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada shall be the sole and exclusive
forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (b) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of
breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer of the Company to the Company or the Company s shareholders, (c) any
action or proceeding asserting a claim against the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the Nevada Revised Statutes or the Company s
amended and restated articles of incorporation or Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (as either might be amended from time to time),
or (d) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum
provision is not be applicable to any action brought under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or The Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended 

We
believe the choice-of-forum provision in our Second and Restated Articles of Incorporation provide for the orderly, efficient, and cost-effective
resolution of Nevada-law issues affecting us by designating courts located in the State of Nevada (our state of incorporation) as the
exclusive forum for cases involving such issues. However, this provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in
a judicial forum that it believes to be favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, or agents, which may discourage
such actions against us and our directors, officers, employees, and agents. While there is no Nevada case law addressing the enforceability
of this type of provision, Nevada courts have on prior occasion found persuasive authority in Delaware case law in the absence of Nevada
statutory or case law specifically addressing an issue of corporate law. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware ruled in June
2013 that choice-of-forum provisions of a type similar to those included in our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
provide are not facially invalid under corporate law and constitute valid and enforceable contractual forum selection clauses. However,
if a court were to find the choice-of-forum provision in our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provide inapplicable
to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated
with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

43 

The
elimination of personal liability of our directors and officers under Nevada law and the existence of indemnification rights held by
our directors, officers and employees may result in substantial expenses. 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws eliminate to the furthest extent permitted
under Nevada law the personal liability of our directors and officers to us, our stockholders and creditors for damages as a result of
any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director or officer. Furthermore, our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation,
our Amended and Restated Bylaws and individual indemnification agreements that we have entered with each of our directors and officers
provide that we are obligated to indemnify, subject to certain exceptions, each of our directors or officers to the fullest extent authorized
by Nevada law and, subject to certain conditions, to advance the expenses incurred by any director or officer in defending any action,
suit or proceeding prior to its final disposition. Those indemnification obligations could expose us to substantial expenditures to cover
the cost of settlement or damage awards against our directors or officers, which we may be unable to afford. Further, those provisions
and resulting costs may discourage us or our stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against any of our current or former directors or officers
for such damages, even if such actions might otherwise benefit our stockholders. 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future.
We currently intend to retain all future earnings to fund the development of our products. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
do not own any real property. We occupy approximately 130 square meters of facilities located in Rosh Pina industrial zone, Israel, under
an agreement for shared office space and services that expires upon 90 days notice by either our subsidiary or the landlord. Through
December 31, 2021, we were paying a monthly rent of 12,500 NIS (approximately, 4,000). On November 17, 2021, the agreement was amended
to increase the monthly rental amount to 15,000 NIS per month (approximately 4,273) starting from January 2022 to service and support
our expanded personnel. See also Related Transactions 

We
believe that our facilities are generally in good condition and suitable to carry on our business. We also believe that, if required,
suitable alternative or additional space will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not involved in any pending legal proceedings that we anticipate would result in a material adverse effect on our business or operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

44 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB-tier of OTC Markets under the symbol IRME. We started being quoted on the
OTCQB-tier of OTC Markets on February 1, 2022. As of March 31, 2023, we had 68,808,970 shares of our common stock outstanding. Any over-the-counter
market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions 

As
of March 29, 2023, there were 750 holders of record of our common stock, and the last reported sale price of our common stock on the
OTCQB-tier of OTC Markets on March 28, 2023 was 0.39. 

Dividend
Policy 

To
date, we have paid no dividends on our common stock and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain
all earnings to provide funds for the operations of our company. In the future, our Board of Directors will decide whether to declare
and pay dividends based upon our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors that our Board of Directors may
consider relevant. We are not under any contractual restriction as to present or future ability to pay dividends. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

None 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide information
necessary to understand our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021
and highlight certain other information which, in the opinion of management, will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial
condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. In particular, the discussion is intended to provide an analysis
of significant trends and material changes in our financial position and the operating results of our business during the year ended
December 31, 2022, as compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and related notes included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. These historical financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance. This Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains numerous forward-looking statements, all of which are
based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risks described throughout this filing, particularly
in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

45 

Key
Financial Terms and Metrics 

The
following discussion summarizes the key factors our management believes are necessary for an understanding of our consolidated financial
statements. 

Revenues 

We
have not generated any revenues from product sales to date. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

The
process of researching and developing our product candidates is lengthy, unpredictable, and subject to many risks. We expect to continue
incurring substantial expenses for the next several years as we continue to develop our product candidates. We are unable, with any certainty,
to estimate either the costs or the timelines in which those expenses will be incurred. Our current development plans focus on the development
of our PressureSafe and Nobiotics diagnostic devices. The design and development of these devices will consume a large
proportion of our current, as well as projected, resources. 

Our
research and development costs include costs are comprised of: 

internal recurring costs, such as personnel-related costs (salaries, employee benefits, equity compensation and other costs), materials
and supplies, facilities and maintenance costs attributable to research and development functions; and 

fees paid to external parties who provide us with contract services, such as preclinical testing, manufacturing and related testing and
clinical trial activities. 

Marketing 

Marketing
expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits, equity compensation, and other personnel-related costs associated with executive
and other support staff. Other significant marketing expenses include the costs associated with professional fees to develop our marketing
strategy. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits, equity compensation, and other personnel-related costs
associated with executive, administrative and other support staff. Other significant general and administrative expenses include the
costs associated with professional fees for accounting, auditing, insurance costs, consulting and legal services, along with facility
and maintenance costs attributable to general and administrative functions. 

Financial
Expenses 

Financial
expenses consist primarily impact of exchange rate derived from re-measurement of monetary balance sheet items denominated in non-dollar
currencies. Other financial expenses include bank s fees and interest on long term loans . 

Comparison
of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021. 

Our
financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows in comparison to the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Operating Expenses 

Research and Development 
 1,885,000 
 1,419,000 
 
 Marketing 
 759,000 
 888,000 
 
 General and Administrative 
 2,118,000 
 1,368,000 
 
 Financing expenses (income), net 
 (28,000 
 41,000 

Loss for the year 
 4,734,000 
 3,716,000 

46 

Revenues.
 We have not recorded any revenues to date. 

Research
and Development Expenses , Research and development expenses increased from 1419,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1,885,000
in 2022. The increase resulted primarily from the recruitment of employees, increased use of third-party contractors for further research
and development activities and the initiation of usability studies for our PressureSafe device . These increases were partially
offset by the lower non-cash expenses relating to stock based compensation to employees and service providers which were granted in June
2021. 

Marketing
Expenses -Marketing expenses decreased from 888,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 759,000 in 2022. The decrease resulted
primarily from reduction in employees time efforts and use of professional services. 

General
and Administrative Expenses . General and expenses increased from 1,368,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 2,118,00 in
2022. The increase is primarily due to the increased costs arising from recruitment of new employees, public relations efforts, use of
professional services and the recording of non-cash expenses due to stock based compensation to employees and service providers awarded
in May and December 2022. 

Loss .
Loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4,734,000 and is primarily attributable to research and development and general and administrative
expenses. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
are subject to risks common to companies in the medical device industry, including but not limited to, the need for additional capital,
the need to obtain marketing approval and reimbursement for any product candidate that we may identify and develop, the need to successfully
commercialize and gain market acceptance of our product candidates, dependence on key personnel, protection of proprietary technology,
compliance with government regulations, development of technological innovations by competitors, reliance on third-party manufacturers
and the ability to transition from pilot-scale production to large-scale manufacturing of products. 

From
inception, we have funded our operations from a combination of loans and sales of equity instruments. Between December 24, 2020 and April
10, 2021, we raised aggregate gross proceeds in the approximate amount of 5,830,000. Between April and July 2022, we raised an additional
 3,625,000 from sales of our equity and equity linked securities. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 3,002,000 in cash resources and approximately 702,000 of liabilities, consisting of 662,000
of current liabilities from operations. 

The
following table provides a summary of operating, investing, and financing cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively
(in thousands): 

For the year ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

US Dollars (In thousands) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (3,375 
 (2482 
 
 Net cash used in investment activities 
 (59 
 (61 
 
 Net cash provided by Financing Activities 
 3,625 
 3,491 

47 

We
have experienced operating losses since its inception and had a total accumulated deficit of 9,930,000 as of December 31, 2022. We expect
to incur additional costs and require additional capital. We have incurred losses in nearly every year since inception and for the year
ended December 31, 2022 These losses have resulted in significant cash used in operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, our cash used in operations was approximately 3,375,000, and 2,482,000, respectively. We need to continue and intensify our research
and development efforts for our product candidates (which are in various stages of development), strengthen our patent portfolio, establish
operations processes, and pursue FDA clearance and international regulatory approvals. As we continue to conduct these activities, we
expect the cash needed to fund operations to increase significantly over the next several years. 

Under
the private placement of our securities that we undertook between December 2020 and April 2021, we entered into a securities purchase
agreement with certain accredited investors providing for the issuance and sale to such investors of an aggregate of 18,221,876 shares
of our Common Stock and warrants for an additional 9,110,938 shares of our Common Stock, exercisable through December 24, 2023, at a
per share exercise price of 0.64. After deducting for offering related expenses, the aggregate net proceeds from the initial closing
of the 2020 Private Placement were approximately 5,446,000. 

Under
the private placement of our securities which we commenced in April 2022, through July 2022 we entered into a securities purchase agreement
with six accredited investors providing for the issuance and sale to such investors of an aggregate of 4,119,321 shares of our Common
Stock and warrants for an additional 4,119,321 shares of our Common Stock, exercisable through 2024, at a per share exercise price of
 1.10. The Company is entitled to expedite the Warrant exercise period for all or a part of the then outstanding Warrants by written
notice to the holders if the publicly traded price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 2.50 per share (which amount may be adjusted
for certain capital events, such as stock splits, as described herein) and the corresponding average daily trading volume during such
period equals or exceed 75,000 shares, in each case for the forty (40) consecutive trading days. The aggregate gross proceeds from the
private placement were approximately 3,625,000. 

We
will need to obtain additional funding in order to pursue our business plans. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive
terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or future commercialization efforts. 

We
expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents will enable us to fund our operations and capital expenditure requirements through the fourth quarter of 2023. Our requirements for additional capital during this period will depend on many factors, including the following: 

the
 scope, rate of progress, results and cost of our development and engineering efforts to develop the PressureSafe and Nobiotics devices,
 clinical studies (to the extent necessary), preliminary testing activities and other related activities; 

the
 cost, timing and outcomes of regulatory related efforts for commercial sales approvals; 

the
 cost and timing of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; 

the
 terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing and other arrangements that we may establish; 

the
 timing, receipt and amount of sales, profit sharing or royalties, if any, from our potential products; 

the
 cost of preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights; and 

the
 extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies, although we currently have no commitments or agreements
 relating to any of these types of transactions. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and as of the date of this report, we assessed our financial condition and concluded that based on
our current and projected cash resources and commitments, as well as other factors mentioned above, there is a substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. We are planning to raise additional capital to continue our operations, as well as
to explore additional avenues to increase revenues and reduce expenditures. We
cannot be sure that future funding will be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Due to often volatile nature of the
financial markets, equity and debt financing may be difficult to obtain. 

48 

We
may seek to raise any necessary additional capital through a combination of private or public equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations,
strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other marketing and distribution arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional
capital through marketing and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third
parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights, future revenue streams, or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that
may not be favorable to us. If we raise additional capital through private or public equity offerings, the ownership interest of our
existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely
affect our stockholders rights. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting
or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial
statements, and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Accounting
for share-based compensation 

Until
December 31, 2018, the Company accounted for equity-based compensation to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50, Equity 
Equity-based Payments to Non-employees ASC 505-50 ), with respect to options and warrants issued to non-employees. All
transactions with nonemployees in which goods or services are received in exchange for equity-based instruments are accounted for based
on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity-based instruments issued, whichever is more reliably
measurable. 

In
June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07 Improvement to Nonemployee Share-Based Payments Accounting. This guidance simplifies
the accounting for non-employee share-based payment transactions. The amendments specify that ASC 718 applies to all share-based payment
transactions in which a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor s own operations by issuing share-based
payment awards. The Company adopted the provisions of this update as of January 1, 2019. 

Smaller
Reporting Company Status 

Currently,
we qualify as a smaller reporting company. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are eligible and have taken advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are not available to public reporting companies that do not qualify for this classification, including, but not limited to: 

An opportunity for reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic and annual reports, including without
limitation exemption from the requirement to provide a compensation discussion and analysis describing compensation practices and procedures, 

An opportunity for reduced financial statement disclosure in registration statements and in annual reports on Form 10-K, which only requires
two years of audited financial statements rather than the three years of audited financial statements that are required for other public
companies, 

An opportunity for reduced audit and other compliance expenses as we are not subject to the requirement to obtain an auditor s
report on internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and 

An opportunity to utilize the non-accelerated filer time-line requirements beginning with our annual report for the year ending December
31, 2022 and quarterly filings thereafter. 

49 

For
as long as we continue to be a smaller reporting company, we expect that we will take advantage of both the reduced internal control
audit requirements and the disclosure obligations available to us as a result of this classification. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
information called for by Item 8 is included following the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, regarding the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). The term
 disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the requisite time periods and that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to its management, including its principal executive and principal accounting officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our
management, under the supervision of and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. In
making this assessment, management used the updated criteria set forth in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission, or COSO, in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
December 31, 2022, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

Management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and
procedures. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During
the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

50 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
Company s directors hold office until the next annual general meeting of the stockholders or until their successors are elected
and qualified. The Company s officers are appointed by its board of directors and hold office until the earlier of their death,
retirement, resignation, or removal. 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of the members of the board of directors and the executive officers and the positions held
by each as of March 29, 2023. 

Name

Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Oded
Bashan 
 
 76 
 
 Chairperson
of the Board of Directors 

Moshe
 Gerber 
 
 62 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Sharon
Levkoviz 
 
 49 
 
 Chief
Financial Officer 

Aharon
Klein 
 
 59 
 
 Chief
Technology Officer, Director 

Aharon
Binur 
 
 59 
 
 Chief
Development Officer 

Yaniv
Cohen 
 
 43 
 
 Director 

Yoram
Drucker 
 
 58 
 
 Vice
President, Business Development, Director 

Ohad
Bashan 
 
 52 
 
 Director 

Ron
Mayron 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

Inna
 Martin 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

Business
Experience 

The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience of our current directors and executive officers: 

Oded
Bashan, co-founded IR-Med Ltd with Aharon Klein and, since September 2013 has been serving as Chairman of IR. Med Ltd. Upon the
effectiveness of our acquisition in December 2020 of IR. Med, Ltd. (the Acquisition ), he was appointed to Board of Directors
and on January 20, 2021, was appointed as Chairman of the Board and on April 6, 2021 he was appointed Chief Executive Officer on an interim
basis following the resignation of Ms. Davidson Mund. Mr. Bashan has over 35 years of experience in managing, building and running technology
companies. He was Founder, CEO chairman of OTI Ltd. from 1990 to 2013, a Nasdaq traded global technology leader with more 250 employees.
Since January 2013, together with his son Mr. Ohad Bashan, they have been managing several private companies engaged in biotech. Previously,
Mr. Bashan served as the president of Electro-Galil form 1984 to1990. He was awarded the Leading Businessman Award in Management, Business
and Economics by the Israeli Institute of Public Opinion. Mr. Bashan holds both B.Sc. and M.Sc. in Economics and Business management
from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. 

51 

Moshe
Gerber . Mr. Gerber, was appointed Chief Executive Officer on May 2, 2022 following the resignation of Dr. Rom Eliaz. Mr.
Gerber possesses over 25 years experience in international business development, sales and operations across high-tech industries,
including Artificial Intelligence (AI), software and medical devices, with wide ranging experience in product strategy and market analysis.
From December 2020 until December 2021[what happened between December 2021 and May 2022], Mr. Gerber was Vice President, Business Development
and Alliances at BeyondMinds Ltd., an Israel based company that delivers hyper-customized, production-grade AI platforms spanning several
industries. Prior to that, from January 2019 through December 2020, he was the owner and CEO of Crispotech Ltd., a private company that
provided business development services to companies in a variety of hi-tech areas: software, medical devices, digital health, particle
accelerators, laser technology, 3D printing, cloud computing, and others. From September 2017 through November 2018 he served as CEO
of Peak Medical trade, a company developing and marketing, among other things, medical devices for NICUs and OR s. From July 2015
through May 2017, he worked as VP Business Development and Sales at Mennen Medical, a private company that develops and sells medical
devices for hospitals worldwide, via offices in USA, UK, and Israel, where he managed business development, marketing and sales activities
via direct sales force and distributors worldwide. From June 2011 through June 2015, Mr. Gerber established and managed a medical devices
company (Gerium Medical), which developed a medical device for jaundice measurement and oversaw the sale of the company to Mennen Medical.
Mr. Gerber has an MBA from San Jose State University in California, and B.Sc in Mathematics and Computer Science from Tel-Aviv University. 

Sharon
Levkoviz . Mr. Levkoviz was appointed to Chief Financial Officer upon the effectiveness of the Acquisition. Mr. Levkoviz served
from 2011-2021 in Achdut Israel Ltd., an Israeli company providing accounting and economic consulting services, as regional manager.
Prior to that period, Mr. Levkoviz served as a Chief Controller at OTI global company, Nasdaq traded company, from 2005 through 2011.
Mr. Levkoviz received his CPA from Ramat Gan College and a B.A. in Business Administration from Rupin College in Israel. In addition
Mr. Levkoviz served ten years as a chairman of finance and human resource committee at Ohalo College and also five years as a director
at the development company of Katzrin, Mr. Levkoviz served eight years as a member of Katzrin plenum. 

Aharon
Klein, co-founded Ir. Med, Ltd in September 2013 and served as director since then and Chief Operating Officer from September
2013 until the date of the Acquisition. Upon the Acquisition, he was appointed Chief Technology Officer in. Mr. Klein is a medical device
and biotech expert, with a strong clinical background. Prior to founding the Company, from 2004 to 200,7 Mr. Klein co-founded and served
as CEO of Fertiligent, a start-up company focused on innovative fertility treatments, which was acquired by a United Kingdom based investment
group in 2008. From 2008 to 2013, immediately prior to co-founding the Company, he founded a medical device company developing infrared
based diagnostic tools for diagnosing colon cancer insito without the need for biopsies (optical biopsies). Mr. Klein graduated from
the Faculty of Engineering in the Technion Israel Institute of Technology. Mr. Klein is experienced in initiating and running medical
device start-up companies, including development running clinical trials and regulatory affairs. 

Aharon
Binur , Mr. Aharon Binur was appointed as Chief Development Officer on April 29, 2021 to lead product development. Mr. Binur is
an electronics engineer who graduated from the Technion in Haifa, Israel. He was an electronics engineer at OTI from November 1999 through
February 2001 and became a development manager at a subsidiary of OTI March 2001 and has held several other positions at OTI through
April 2013. Mr. Binur also served as CTO (August 2009 through November 2014) and VP of R D (March 2017 through April 2021) at Lehavot-
advanced fire protection systems. Mr. Binar has extensive experience in multidisciplinary technological management, including software,
hardware and mechanics, development of final systems and products for the client, while maintaining high quality and international standards.
Mr. Binar has a unique and creative approach to technology management, including patents registered on his name. 

52 

Yaniv
Cohen , co-founded IR. Med,. Ltd. in September 2013 and served as the R D manager since then. Following the completion
of the of IR. Med Ltd. by our company (the Acquisition ), he was appointed to the Board. Mr. Cohen is an experienced electrical
engineer with expertise in the fields of wave propagation and IR Spectroscopy for medical applications. Additionally, Mr. Cohen holds
4 patents in medical devices, co-authored eight articles in scientific journals as well as speaking in conferences around the globe.
From 2010 to 2013, Mr. Cohen served as R D manager for PIMS, an Israeli medical device company, focusing on IR imaging and spectral
analysis for non-invasive cancer detection and identification. From 2008 to 2009, Mr. Cohen worked for Cisco as a system engineer. Prior
to which, from 2006 to 2008, he worked as a service engineer for Intel Israel. Mr. Cohen is a Candidate of Sciences in the doctoral program,
Informatics and Computer Engineering in the National Research University Higher School of Economics, School of Electronic Engineering
Institute of Electronics and Mathematics (MIEM HSE), Moscow, Russia. Mr. Cohen holds a M.Sc. in Electrical Engineering from Holon Institute
of Technology (2007).From 2009 to 2010, he attended the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Beer Sheva, Israel where he wrote a thesis
in wave prorogation. 

Yoram
Ducker, joined the Board of Directors in December 2019. Mr. Drucker is a serial entrepreneur, founding several companies over
the last twenty years and focusing on the Israeli biotech industry. From October 2017 to the present time, Mr. Drucker founded and served
as Vice President of Business Development for InnoCan Pharma Ltd., a company traded on the Canadian Stock Exchange. From September 2016
to April 2020, Mr. Drucker was the CEO and Co-founder of a biotech company, ViruCure, developing an oncolytic-virus based technology
platform. Prior to this, he served as the CEO and Executive Chairman of Cell Source Ltd. from 2011 to 2014. Additionally, Mr. Drucker
was a founding member of Brainstorm (NASDAQ: BCLI), a company publicly traded on the Nasdaq where he served as COO in 2004 and CEO from
2005 to 2007 and a founding member of Pluristem (NASDAQ: PSTI). Mr. Drucker currently serves on the board of directors of Innocan Pharma
Corporation (CSE: INNO) and Nurexone Biologic Inc. (TSX: NRX). Mr. Drucker brings significant expertise in the management, operations,
business development and product development in start-ups. He is also involved as a consultant and co-founder of other start-ups in different
fields. 

Ohad
Bashan , Mr. Bashan joined the Board upon the completion of the Acquisition., Mr. Bashan is an entrepreneur, innovator
and executive with a proven track record of more than 25 years of building, leading, running technology companies from startup to NASDAQ
traded and experienced Director after serving on the boards of private and publicly traded companies, in the US, Israel, China, Poland
and France. From 1998 to 2013, Mr. Bashan he held several senior positions at OTI, which was acquired by Nyax Ltd. Since 2013 to the
present time, Mr. Bashan runs a management services business. Mr. Bashan holds a B.A. in business from the College of Business Management,
Tel Aviv, with specializations in marketing and finance, and an M.B.A. from Pepperdine University, California. 

Ron
Mayron , Mr. Mayron immediately following the Acquisition. Mr. Mayron has extensive experience in the pharmaceutical and
medical equipment industries and has held various, significant senior management positions, both local and global, within Teva Pharmaceutical
Industries Ltd. Teva over the last 21 years. During his career at Teva, Mr. Mayron served in various VP positions, most
recently he was CEO of Teva Israel and VP Israel and Africa from June 2009 until September 2013. Mr. Mayron s core expertise is
in marketing, sales anddistribution, mergers and acquisitions, business development, global operation and supply chain and strategic
development. Mr. Mayron currently serves on the board of directors of Innocan Pharma Corporation (CSE: INNO), Nurexone Biologic Inc.
(TSX: NRX), IceCure Medical Ltd. (NASDAQ ICCM), BioLight Life Sciences Ltd. (TASE: BOLT), Entera Bio (NASDAQ: ENTX) and Kadimastem
Ltd. (TASE: KDST) Mr. Mayron holds a B.Sc. Industrial Engineering Management, Ben Gurion University and M.B.A from Tel-Aviv
University. 

Inna
Martin , has been nominated by our Board to stand for election. Inna Martin is an experienced executive with more than
18 years of hands on experience in the development of new ventures, business consulting, and venture capital investments. Since 2020,
Ms. Martin has been serving as a CEO and Director of Revium Recovery Inc., a company currently focusing on the development of a disruptive
Clinical Decision Support software (CDS) for digital mental health area applications. In 2021, Mrs. Martin has successfully completed
studies of AI in Healthcare course run by MIT Sloan School of Management. Prior to joining Revium, 2018-2020 Mrs. Martin founded a startup
company in cardiovascular field. Under her management, the company successfully completed First in Human clinical studies and received
FDA approval for its unique Stent Positioning Assistance System, SPAS , - a novel proprietary tool developed for safer PCI procedure
and precise stent positioning. From 2014 to 2018, Mrs. martin served as a Managing Director of Investments at RosNanoMedInvest, a 760
million sovereign fund initiative in innovation in healthcare field, partner of Domain Associates LLC (US). Prior to joining the fund,
from 2007 to 2014, Ms. Martin provided business development and consulting services to a range of companies in pharma and medtech fields
in Israel and Europe, including project opportunity assessment services, market analyses, sales forecasting, business planning, and strategic
development planning. 

53 

Family
Relationships 

Oded
Bashan is the father of Ohad Bashan. 

Term
of Office of Directors 

We
currently have authorized seven directors. In accordance with our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated
Bylaws, our board of directors is divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. At each annual meeting of stockholders
commencing with the meeting in 2021, the successors to the directors whose terms then expire will be elected to serve until the third
annual meeting following the election. Our directors are divided among the three classes as follows: 

the
Class I directors are Yaniv Cohen and Inna Martin and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2025; 

the
Class II directors are Yoram Drucker, Ohad Bashan and Ron Mayron, and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to
be held in 2023; and 

the
Class III directors are Oded Bashan and Aharon Klein, and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in
2024. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
Board has established an audit committee which operates under a charter that has been approved by our board. 

Our
board has determined that all of the members of each of the board s audit committees are independent as defined under the rules
of the NASDAQ Capital Market. In addition, all members of the audit committee meet the independence requirements contemplated by Rule
10A-3 under the Exchange Act. We currently do not have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

We
currently do not have a nominating or compensation committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company have a
written nominating or compensation charter. Our Directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time, because
the Director(s) can adequately perform the functions of such committees. 

Audit
Committee 

The
audit committee s main function is to oversee our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of our financial
statements. This committee s responsibilities include, among other things: 

appointing
 our independent registered public accounting firm; 

evaluating
 the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent registered public accounting firm; 

approving
 the audit and non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; 

reviewing
 the design, implementation, adequacy and effectiveness of our internal accounting controls and our critical accounting policies; 

discussing
 with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the results of our annual audit and the review of our quarterly
 unaudited financial statements; 

54 

reviewing,
 overseeing and monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as
 they relate to financial statements or accounting matters; 

reviewing
 on a periodic basis, or as appropriate, any investment policy and recommending to our board any changes to such investment policy; 

preparing
 the report that the SEC requires in our annual proxy statement; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transactions and reviewing and monitoring compliance with our code of conduct and ethics; and 

reviewing
 and evaluating, at least annually, the performance of the audit committee and its members including compliance of the audit committee
 with its charter. 

The
members of our audit committee are Ron Mayron and David Lazar. All members of our audit committee meet the requirements for financial
literacy under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

Nominations
to the Board of Directors 

Director
candidates are considered based upon various criteria, including without limitation their broad-based business and professional skills
and experiences, expertise in or knowledge of the life sciences industry and ability to add perspectives relating to that industry, concern
for the long-term interests of our stockholders, diversity, and personal integrity and judgment. Our Board of Directors has a critical
role in guiding our strategic direction and overseeing the management of our business, and accordingly, we seek to attract and retain
highly qualified directors who have sufficient time to engage in the activities of our Board of Directors and to understand and enhance
their knowledge of our industry and business plans. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table summarizes the compensation earned in each of our fiscal years that ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by our named executive
officers, which consists of our chief executive officer and our two next most highly compensated executive officers who earned more than
 100,000 during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and were serving as executive officers as of such date and our former
chief executive officers. We refer to the executive officers listed below as the Named Executive Officers. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary( 
 Bonus ) 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 All other compensation ) (2) 
 Total( 
 
 Moshe Gerber - 
 2022 
 92,896 
 
 195,074 
 40,776 
 328,746 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (3) 
 2021 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Oded Bashan 
 2022 
 95,163 
 
 299,730 
 - 
 394,893 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 2021 
 12,434 
 
 47,194 
 - 
 59,628 

Aharon Klein- 
 2022 
 124,954 
 
 3,442 
 16,500 
 144,896 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 2021 
 145,525 
 
 50,637 
 18,000 
 214,162 

Aharon
Binur- 
 2022 
 126,528 
 
 48,553 
 51,180 
 226,262 
 
 Chief Development Officer 
 2021 
 103,797 
 
 68,574 
 33,820 
 206,191 

Dr.
Rom Eliaz, former 
 2022 
 111,038 
 
 7,795 
 51,321 
 170,153 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (4) 
 2021 
 82,750 
 
 99,115 
 38,077 
 219,942 

1. 
 In accordance with SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect
the fair value on the grant date of the option awards granted to the named executive, calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock
options were valued using the Black-Scholes model. The grant-date fair value does not necessarily reflect the value of shares which may
be received in the future with respect to these awards. The grant-date fair value of the stock options in this column is a non-cash expense
for us that reflects the fair value of the stock options on the grant date and therefore does not affect our cash balance. The fair value
of the stock options will likely vary from the actual value the holder receives because the actual value depends on the number of options
exercised and the market price of our Common Stock on the date of exercise. For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation
of the stock options, see Note 10.C to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

55 

2. 
 For 2022 and 2021, represents the compensation as described
under the caption All Other Compensation below. 

3. 
 Mr. Gerber as appointed Chief Executive Officer on May 2, 2022. 

4. 
 Dr. Eliaz was appointed Chief Executive Officer on June 22,
2021 and resigned as Chief Executive Officer on August 31, 2022 

All
Other Compensation 

The
following table provides information regarding each component of compensation for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 included in the All Other
Compensation column in the Summary Compensation Table above. Represents amounts paid in New Israeli Shekels (NIS) and converted at average
exchange rates for the year. 

Name 
 Year 
 Automobile
 
and Related 
Expenses (1) 
 Social 
Benefits (2) 
 Total

Moshe Gerber 
 2022 
 11,794 
 28,982 
 40,776 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Aharon Klein 
 2022 
 16,500 
 - 
 16,500 

2021 
 18,000 
 - 
 18,000 

Aharon Binur 
 2022 
 17,859 
 33,321 
 51,180 

2021 
 7,449 
 26,371 
 33,820 

Dr. Rom Eliaz 
 2022 
 19,936 
 31,385 
 51,321 

2021 
 13,199 
 24,878 
 38,077 

1. 
 Represents
 a leased automobile expenses. 

2. 
 These
 are comprised of contributions by us to savings, health, severance, pension, disability and insurance plans generally provided in
 Israel, including health, education, managerial insurance funds, and redeemed vacation pay. This amount represents Israeli severance
 fund payments, managerial insurance funds, disability insurance, supplemental education fund contribution and social securities.
 See discussion below under Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table. 

56 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

The
following table sets forth information concerning equity awards held by each of our Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022 

Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Moshe Gerber, 
 May 2, 2022 
 - 
 1,300,000 
 0.58 

Oded Bashan 
 June 20,2021 
 240,000 
 - 
 0.32 

Oded Bashan 
 December 30, 2022 
 600,000 
 600,000 
 0.58 

Aharon Klein 
 June 20,2021 
 240,000 
 - 
 0.32 

Aharon Binur 
 June 20,2021 
 105,000 
 195,000 
 0.32 

Aharon Binur 
 November 14.2022 
 25,000 
 275,000 
 0.58 

Dr. Rom Eliaz 
 June 20,2021 
 150,000 
 - 
 0.32 
 July 31, 2027 

Options expiration date is ten (10) years from vesting 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Our
Board follows the following processes and procedures for the consideration and determination of executive and director compensation: 

In
establishing compensation amounts for executives, we seek to provide compensation that is competitive in light of current market conditions
and industry practices. Accordingly, we will generally review market data, which is comprised of proxy-disclosed data from peer companies
and information from nationally recognized published surveys for the biopharmaceutical industry, adjusted for size. The market data helps
the committee gain perspective on the compensation levels and practices at the peer companies and to assess the relative competitiveness
of the compensation paid to our executives. The market data thus guides us in its efforts to set executive compensation levels and program
targets at competitive levels for comparable roles in the marketplace. We then considers other factors, such as the importance of each
executive officer s role to the Company, individual expertise, experience, performance, retention concerns and relevant compensation
trends in the marketplace, in making its final compensation determinations. 

Elements
of Compensation 

In
addition to each officer s base salary, our executive officer compensation program consists of a cash incentive bonus plan and
discretionary stock option awards in addition to customary benefits. The amounts of compensation awarded for each element of the Company s
compensation program (i.e., base salary, bonuses and stock options) are reviewed in connection with the Company s performance. 

Base
Salary 

Annual
base salaries compensate our executive officers for fulfilling the requirements of their respective positions and provide them with a
level of cash income predictability and stability with respect to a portion of their total compensation. We believe that the level of
an executive officer s base salary should reflect the executive s performance, experience and breadth of responsibilities,
our understanding of salaries for similar positions within our industry, and any other factors relevant to that particular job. 

Base
salaries are typically negotiated at the outset of an executive s employment. Salary levels are considered annually as part of
our performance review process, but also in cases including promotion or other changes in the job responsibilities of an executive officer.
For named executive officers, initial base salaries generally are established in connection with negotiation of an offer of employment
and employment agreement. Increases in base salary have several elements. In addition to promotion and increased responsibilities, merit
and Company-wide general increases are also taken into consideration. 

57 

Stock-Based
Awards 

Historically,
we have generally granted stock options to our employees, including our named executive officers, in connection with their initial employment
with us. We also have historically granted stock options on an annual basis as part of annual performance reviews of our employees. 

Our
equity award program is the primary vehicle for offering long-term incentives to our executives. We do not have any equity ownership
guidelines for our executives, which is consistent with other pre-commercial biotechnology companies that use stock options as the long-term
incentive vehicle. Further, we believe that equity grants provide our executives with a strong link to our long-term performance, create
an ownership culture and help to align the interests of our executives and our stockholders. In addition, the vesting feature of our
equity awards contributes to executive retention by providing an incentive for our executives to remain in our employment during the
vesting period. We expect that our Board will continue to use annual equity awards to compensate our executive officers. We may also
make additional discretionary grants, typically in connection with the promotion of an employee, to reward an employee, for retention
purposes or in other circumstances as the Board deems appropriate. 

Employment
and Severance Arrangements 

We
consider it essential to the best interests of our stockholders to foster the continuous employment of our key management personnel.
In this regard, we recognize that the possibility of a change in control may exist and that the uncertainty and questions that it may
raise among management could result in the departure or distraction of management personnel to the detriment of the Company and our stockholders.
In order to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of certain key members of management, we have entered into
written employment agreements with certain of our named executive officers that, while at-will, contain certain change in control and
severance provisions. 

Employment
Agreements 

Moshe
Gerber . The Company s subsidiary IR. Med, Ltd. IR-Med Ltd. entered into an Employment Agreement (the Agreement setting forth the terms of his employment and compensation. Under the Agreement, Mr. Gerber is entitled to an annual salary of the current
New Israeli Shekel equivalent of approximately 136,752, payable on monthly basis. Mr. Gerber is also provided with a leased automobile.
Under the Agreement, Mr. Gerber is also entitled to the following: (i) Manager s Insurance under Israeli law to which IR Med Ltd
contributes amounts equal to (a) 8-1/3 percent for severance payments, and 6.5 , or up to 7.5 (including disability insurance) designated
for premium payment (and Mr. Gerber contributes an additional 6 of each monthly salary payment, and (b) 7.5 of his salary (with Mr.
Gerber contributing an additional 2.5 to an education fund, a form of deferred compensation program established under Israeli law.
If Mr. Gerber s employment is terminated by us without cause on or prior to the first anniversary of his employment, then we must
pay Mr. Gerber (a) the accrued obligations earned through the date of termination, (b) a lump-sum payment of an amount equal to two month
of his base salary at the time of his termination; if such termination occurs after such date, then we must pay to Mr. Gerber (a) the
accrued obligations earned through the date of termination, (b) a lump-sum payment of an amount equal to three months of his base salary
at the time of his termination. Under the Agreement, Mr. Gerber was awarded options under the Company s employee stock option plan
for 1,300,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a per share price of 0.32, vesting as follows: 25 of the option shares
(i.e., 325,000 options shares) vest on the first anniversary of employment and the balance in six bi-annual instalments of 162,500 shares,
beginning the first instalment on the bi-annual period ending October 31, 2023 and thereafter at the end of each subsequent six months,
provided that Mr. Gerber is then in our employ. 

The
agreement contains (i) customary confidentiality obligations which are not limited by the term of the agreement, (ii) certain non-compete
provisions du ring the term of the agreement and twelve months thereafter and (iii) certain non-solicitation provisions during the term
of the agreement and for one year thereafter. 

58 

Oded
Bashan . On June 27, 2022, our subsidiary and IR-Med Ltd. and Bashanti LTD a company that owned by Oded Bashan entered into consulting
agreement. The Agreement provides for a continuous term and may be terminated by either party at any time with at least 12 months prior
written notice. Pursuance to this agreement, Mr. Bashan s annual fee compensation is 144,000 plus VAT. On October 26, 2022 Mr.
Bashan agreed to defer payment of his fee pending a capital raise. On December 12, 2022, Mr. Bashan was awarded options under the Company s
employee stock option plan for 1,200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a per share price of 0.58, of which 600,000 were
vested upon grant and the balance vest at December 30, 2023, subject to his continued service. The options are exercisable through the
tenth anniversary of grant. 

Aharon
Klein . On December 24, 2020, our subsidiary and IR-Med Ltd. and Mr. Klein entered into an amended and restated consulting agreement
(the Klein Service Agreement replacing a service agreement dated October 1, 2019 between IR-Med Ltd. and the Company).
The Klein Service Agreement provides for a continuous term and may be terminated by either party at any time, provided that if Mr. Klein
resigns, he shall provide at least 30 days prior written notice. Pursuance to this agreement, Mr. Klein s annual fee compensation
was increased to 144,000 plus VAT. On October 26, 2022 Mr. Klein agreed to defer payment of his fee pending a capital raise. In addition,
Mr. Klein is eligible to receive an automobile allowance of 750 per month. If Mr. Klein s employment is terminated (i) by us without
cause or (ii) by him for any, then we must pay Mr. Klein (a) the accrued obligations earned through the date of termination, (b) a lump-sum
payment of an amount equal to one month of his base salary at the time of his termination. 

The
agreement contains (i) customary confidentiality obligations which are not limited by the term of the agreement, (ii) certain non-compete
provisions during the term of the agreement and twelve months thereafter and (iii) certain non-solicitation provisions during the term
of the agreement and for one year thereafter. Mr. Klein also agreed to assign certain intellectual property rights to IR-Med Ltd. 

Aharon
Binur . On March 2, 2021, IR-Med, Ltd. and Aharon Binur entered into an employment agreement pursuant to which Mr. Binur oversees
the development of our product candidates which are in various stages of development. Under the agreement with Mr. Binur, he is paid
an annual salary of the current New Israeli Shekel equivalent of approximately 120,170, payable on monthly basis. IR-Med Ltd. is authorized
to terminate the employment agreement for any reason subject to payment of two months salary. Under the terms of the employment
agreement with him, Mr. Binur also receives Manager s Insurance under Israeli law for his to which IR-Med Ltd contributes amounts
equal to (a) 8-1/3 percent for severance payments, and 6.5 , or up to 7.5 (including disability insurance) designated for premium payment
(and Mr. Binur contributes an additional 6 of each monthly salary and (b) 7.5 of his salary (with Mr. Binur contributing an additional
2.5 to an education fund, a form of deferred compensation program established under Israeli law. Mr. Binur is also provided with a
leased automobile. On June 20, 2021, Mr. Binur was awarded options under the Company s employee stock option plan for 300,000 shares
of the Company s common stock at a per share price of 0.32, of which 15,000 were vested upon grant and the balance vest at the
end of each calendar quarter at the rate of 15,000 shares per quarter, beginning with the quarter ended September 31, 2021, subject to
his continued employment. The options are exercisable through the tenth anniversary of grant. 

On
November 14, 2022, Mr. Binur was awarded options under the Company s employee stock option plan for 300,000 shares of the Company s
common stock at a per share price of 0.58, vest at the end of each calendar quarter at the rate of 25,000 shares per quarter, beginning
with the quarter ended December 31, 2022, subject to his continued employment. The options are exercisable through the tenth anniversary
of grant. 

Dr.
Rom Eliaz - On June 22, 2021, Dr. Rom Eliaz, and IR Med Ltd entered into an employment agreement providing for the employment of Dr.
Eliaz as Chief Executive Officer (the Eliaz Employment Agreement ). Under the Eliaz Employment Agreement, Dr. Eliaz is entitled
to an annual salary of the current New Israeli Shekel equivalent of approximately 150,427, payable on a monthly basis. Mr. Eliaz is
also provided with a leased automobile. Under the Eliaz Employment Agreement, Dr. Eliaz is also entitled to the following: (i) Manager s
Insurance under Israeli law for the benefit of Dr. Rom Eliaz pursuant to which IR-Med Ltd contributes amounts equal to (a) 8-1/3 for
severance payments, and 6.5 , or up to 7.5 (including disability insurance) designated for premium payment (and Dr. Eliaz contributes
an additional 6 of each monthly salary payment, and (b) 7.5 of his salary (with Dr. Eliaz contributing an additional 2.5 to an education
fund, a form of deferred compensation program established under Israeli law. The Eliaz Employment Agreement provides that his annual
salary will be increased to the New Israeli Shekel equivalent of approximately 186,000 upon (i) the successful capital raise by the
Company of at least 5.0 million in net proceeds, (ii) the successful completion of a prototype of the PressureSafe device, as
determined by the Company s board of directors and (iii) receipt by the Company of a letter of intent for the large scale commercial
purchase/order of the PressureSafe device. 

On
April 25, 2022, Dr. Eliaz resigned from his position. In connection with his resignation, the Company agreed that Dr. Eliaz continued
to receive his salary and benefits under his employment agreement through August 31, 2022. In addition, the Company agreed that Dr. Eliaz
is entitled to the accelerated vesting of the next instalment of options (previously granted to in June 2021) which vested on June 30,
2022, for an aggregate total of options for 150,000 shares of the Company s common stock and that such options may be exercised
through the original exercise expiration date of July 31, 2027 at an exercise price per share of 0.32. 

59 

Potential
Payments upon Change of Control or Termination following a Change of Control 

Our
agreements with our named executive officers provide incremental compensation in the event of termination, as described herein. Generally,
we currently do not provide any severance specifically upon a change in control nor do we provide for accelerated vesting upon change
in control. Termination of employment also impacts outstanding stock options. 

Due
to the factors that may affect the amount of any benefits provided upon the events described below, any actual amounts paid or payable
may be different than those shown in this table. Factors that could affect these amounts include the basis for the termination, the date
the termination event occurs, the base salary of an executive on the date of termination of employment and the price of our common stock
when the termination event occurs. 

The
following table sets forth the compensation that would have been received by each of our executive officers had they been terminated
as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Salary 
 Social 
benefits 
 Total 
 
 Moshe Gerber 
 23,881 
 9,636 
 33,517 
 
 Oded Bashan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Aharon Klein 
 6,000 
 - 
 6,000 
 
 Aharon Binur 
 20,986 
 5,541 
 26,527 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth for each non-employee director that served as a director during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 Non Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Benefits ) 
 All Other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Inna Martin 

21,070 (5) 

21,070 
 
 Ohad Bashan 
 10,909 
 
 3,442 (2) 

14,351 
 
 David Lazar 
 7,100 
 - 
 8,808 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 15,908 
 
 Ron Mayron 
 12,981 
 
 22,855 (3) (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 35,836 

1. 
 In accordance with SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect
the fair value on the grant date of the option awards granted to the named executive, calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock
options were valued using the Black-Scholes model. The grant-date fair value does not necessarily reflect the value of shares which may
be received in the future with respect to these awards. The grant-date fair value of the stock options in this column is a non-cash expense
for us that reflects the fair value of the stock options on the grant date and therefore does not affect our cash balance. The fair value
of the stock options will likely vary from the actual value the holder receives because the actual value depends on the number of options
exercised and the market price of our common stock on the date of exercise. For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation
of the stock options, see Note 1. C (Stock Based Compensation) to our financial statements, which are included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

2. 
 In respect of 240,000 options, all of which will vest as of
June 30, 2022 

3. 
 In respect of 240,000 options, all of which will vest as of
December 31, 2022 

4. 
 In respect of 160,000 options, all of which will vest as of
September 30 2024 

5. 
 In respect of 240,000 options, all of which will vest as of
September 30 2024 

Compensation
Policy for Non-Employee Directors. 

In
January 2021, the Board of Directors adopted an updated compensation policy for non-employee directors which replaced the previous non-employee
director compensation terms and which became effective January 2021. Under the policy, each director is to receive an annual cash compensation
of 5,000 and 1,000 per meeting or 500 for a virtual meeting. On October 26, 2022 the board of directors decided to freeze compensation
for non-employee directors. 

60 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 29, 2023 for
(a) the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table of this proxy statement, (b) each of our directors and director nominees,
(c) all of our current directors and executive officers as a group and (d) each stockholder known by us to own beneficially more than
5 of our common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment
power with respect to the securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a stockholder is deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of
which that stockholder has the right to acquire beneficial ownership in 60 days of March 29, 2023. Except as indicated in footnotes to
this table, we believe that the stockholders named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
common stock shown to be beneficially owned by them based on information provided to us by these stockholders. Percentage of ownership
is based on 68,808,970 shares of common stock outstanding on March 29, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares beneficially owned 
 Percentage Beneficially owned 
 
 5 or more shareholders 

Yaakov Safren 
 5,706,120 (1) 
 8.13 
 
 Paul Coulson 
 5,625,000 (2) 
 7.96 
 
 Third Eye Investors LLC 
 4,687,500 (3) 
 6.66 
 
 Isamar Margareten 
 8,721,307 (4) 
 11.97 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Oded Bashan 
 9,449,916 (5) 
 13.57 
 
 Aharon Klein 
 8,099,110 (6) 
 11.73 
 
 Yaniv Cohen 
 8,099,136 (7) 
 11.73 
 
 Yoram Drucker 
 4,862,471 (8) 
 6.98 
 
 Ron Mayron 
 260,000 (9) 

Inna Martin 
 30,000 (9) 

Ohad Bashan 
 240,000 (9) 

Moshe Gerber 

Aharon Binur 
 130,000 (9) 

Sharon Levkoviz 
 251,978 (9) 

Officers and Directors as a Group (10 persons) 
 31,422,611 
 43.73 

less than 1 

(1) 
 Includes 1,406,119 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock
options. 

(2) 
 Includes 1,875,000 shares issuable under a currently exercisable
common stock warrant. 

(3) 
 Yitzchak Rokonsky, of Third Eye Investors LLC Third
Eye has sole voting and dispositive power over shares held by Third Eye. Includes1,562,500 shares issuable under a currently
exercisable common stock warrant. 

(4) 
 Includes 4,043,466 shares issuable under a currently exercisable
common stock warrant. 

(5) 
 Represents (i) 8,609,916 shares owned by Med2Bwell Ltd. Med2Bwell ),
of which Mr. Bashan has sole voting and dispositive power and (ii) 840,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock
options 

(6) 
 Includes 240,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock
options. 

(7) 
 Includes240,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock
options 

(8) 
 Includes 812,471 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock
options. 

(9) 
 Represents shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise
of stock options. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Our
Audit Committee Charter requires all future transactions between us and any director, executive officer, holder of 5 or more of any
class of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of, or entities affiliated with, any of them, or any other related persons,
as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K, or their affiliates, in which the amount involved is equal to or greater than 120,000, be
approved in advance by our audit committee. Any request for such a transaction must first be presented to our audit committee for review,
consideration and approval. In approving or rejecting any such proposal, our audit committee is to consider all available information
deemed relevant by the audit committee, including, but not limited to, the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction,
and whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms we could have generally obtained from an unaffiliated third
party under the same or similar circumstances. 

61 

Related
Party Transactions 

Except
as described below, there has not been, nor is there currently proposed, any transaction to which we are or were
a party in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 and 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers, holders of more than 5 of any class of our voting
securities or any of their respective affiliates or immediate family members, had, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest. 

In
2015, our subsidiary IR-Med, Ltd received a loan from certain of the former IR-Med stockholders to fund its continuing operations. This
loan bore interest at an annual rate ranging in 2022 and 2021, from 2.42 -2.45 annually. The aggregate loan amount was repayable only
upon the approval of IR Med s board of directors and when the Company s profits reach an amount of NIS 1,500,000 (approximately
 427,000 as of December 31, 2022) and upon such terms and such installments as shall be determined by the Company s board of directors. 

In
2017, our subsidiary IR Med, Ltd received a loan from certain of the former IR-Med stockholder to fund its continuing operations. This
loan bear interest at an annual rate ranging in 2022 and 2021, from 2.42 -2.45 annually. The aggregate loan amount was repayable only
upon the occurrence of an investment round greater than 500,000. 

In
March 2020, IR Med, Ltd and the lenders agreed to amend and restate the terms of the above referenced loans the Amended loan
agreement pursuant to which the lender waived all rights to convert their respective outstanding loan amounts, and the repayment
date was set to December 31, 2023, or such later date to be agreed between IR Med, Ltd and the lender. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021
the carrying amounts of these loans were 38 thousand and 41 thousand respectively. 

On
March 6, 2018, certain of IR. Med, Ltd. s shareholders advanced to it a convertible bridge loan in the principal amount of NIS
379,000 113,000) (hereinafter, the 2018 CLA ), bearing a per annum interest rate of 3 compounded and accrued annually
and, originally payable on December 31, 2018, or a later date agreed to by the then holders of 80 of the outstanding shares of IR Med
Ltd. Under the terms of the 2018 CLA, the loan is convertible by the holders under certain specified circumstances and is automatically
convertible upon other terms. In an Exit event (as deveined in the 2018 CLA), the loan is repayable at 200 the outstanding amount or
converted, at the option of the majority lenders. In March 2020, the Company and the lenders agreed to amend and restate the 2018 CLA the Amended CLA ). According to the Amended CLA, the lenders waived any and all rights to convert their respective outstanding
loan amounts, and the repayment date was set to December 31, 2023, or such later date to be agreed by IR Med and the lenders. In addition,
in case of an Exit event, as described in the Amended CLA, the loan and all accrued interest will be fully repaid immediately following
the exit event. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amounts of the loans were 124,000 and 136,000, respectively. The Company
classified the 2018 CLA as a long term liability on its balance sheets. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid to two directors and one shareholder of the Parent Company an aggregate
consideration of US 220 thousand and US 227 thousand, respectively, in respect of research and development services. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company paid to one shareholder of the Parent Company and his relative an aggregate consideration
of US 111 thousand and US 60 thousand, respectively in respect consulting services. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid to four of the Company non-employee directors an aggregate consideration
of US 130 thousand and US 54 thousand in respect of their services. 

For
the years ended December 31 2022 and 2021 the company paid to one director of the Parent Company and four of its officers, salary and
related expenses totaled to US 651 thousand and US 374 thousand, respectively, in respect thereof. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid an annual amount of US 51 thousand to an entity controlled by two of
the Company s directors for rent and office services. 

Following
the adoption of the 2020 incentive stock plan (hereinafter the Plan by the Company on December 23, 2020, and the
adoption of the sub plan (the Israeli appendix on April 29, 2021, the Parent Company granted during the years 2022 and
2021 to its directors, officers and shareholder 5,200,000 and 4,423,960, options to purchase shares of Common Stock respectively. 

62 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table presents fees for professional audit services rendered by Somekh Chaikin for the audit of the Company s audited
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and fees billed for other services rendered by Somekh
Chaikin during the period: 

2022 
 2021 

Audit fees (1) 
 79,500 
 140,000 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees (3) 
 1,400 
 1,500 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total: 
 80,900 
 141,500 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees consist of audit and review services, consents and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

(2) 
 Audit-related
 fees consist of assistance and discussion concerning financial accounting and reporting standards and other accounting issues. 

(3) 
 Tax
 fees consist of preparation of federal and state tax returns, review of quarterly estimated tax payments, and consultation concerning
 tax compliance issues. 

Prior
to engagement, the Audit Committee pre-approves each of these services by category of service. The fees are budgeted and the Audit Committee
requires our independent registered public accounting firm and management to report actual fees versus the budget at year end by category
of service. During the year, circumstances may arise when it may become necessary to engage our independent registered public accounting
firm for additional services not contemplated in the original pre-approval. In those instances, the Audit Committee requires pre-approval
before engaging our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the services described above were pre-approved by our Audit
Committee. 

The
Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member to whom such authority is delegated must
report, for informational purposes only, any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

Our
Board of Directors has appointed Somekh Chaikin, Tel Aviv, Israel, ID , a member firm of KPMG as our independent registered public
accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 

c. 
 Financial
 Statements 

Our
consolidated financial statements are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by
reference. 

d. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

No
financial statement schedules have been filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K because they are not applicable or are not required
or because the information is otherwise included herein. 

63 

e. 
 Exhibits required by Regulation S-K 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 2.1 
 
 Stock Exchange Agreement dated as of December 24, 2021, by and among IR-Med, Inc., IR. Med Ltd. and the former stockholders of IR. Med Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of IR-Med, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen of Stock Certificate(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Convertible Bridge Loan Agreement dated March 6, 2018 among IR. Med Ltd. and the Lenders scheduled therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment to the Convertible Bridge Loan Agreement referred in Exhibit 10.3 dated as of March 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Second Amendment to the Convertible Bridge Loan Agreement referred in Exhibit 10.3 dated as of July 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.4@ 
 
 Loan Agreement between Yaniv Cohen and IR Med Ltd. dated January 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.5@ 
 
 Loan Agreement between Aharon Klein and IR Med Ltd. dated January 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Clarification to the agreements referred to Exhibits 10.4 and 10.5 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.7@ 
 
 Form of Letter Engagement with Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.8@ 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement with Employee Director (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.9@ 
 
 Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement dated as of December 24, 2020 between IR. Med Ltd and Aharon Klein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.10@ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021 IR. Med. Ltd and Yoram Drucker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 

10.11@ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of January, 2021 between IR. Med Ltd and Sharon Levkoviz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.12@ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of December 24, 2020 between IR. Med Ltd Limor Davidson Mund (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.13@ 
 
 Settlement and Termination Agreement dated as of April 7, 2021 between IR. Med Ltd and Limor Davidson Mund (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.14@ 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated November 19, 2019 between IR. Med Ltd and Yaniv Cohen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.15@ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as March 2, 2021 between IR. Med Ltd. and Aharon Binur (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 24, 2021, by and among IR-Med, Inc. and the Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 

64 

10.17 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.18@ 
 
 2020 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.19@ 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2020 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 
 
 10.20@ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of June 22, 2021 between Dr. Rom Eliaz and IR-Med Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 26, 2021) 
 
 10.21@ 
 
 Lease Agreement dated between IR Med Ltd. and Algaennovation Ltd. dated as of February 1 2020 [English Language Translation] (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 26, 2021) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Amendment to Lease Agreement [English Language Translation] (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 26, 2021) 
 
 10.23@ 
 
 Employment agreement between IR-Med, Ltd. and Moshe Gerber dated as of May 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to the report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2022) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Distribution and License Agreement dated as of October 7, 2022 between IR-Med Ltd. and PI Prevention Care LLC (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023 filed on November 14, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 26, 2021) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

@
 Management Contract or Compensatory Plan Arrangement 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit) 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

65 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

IR-MED,
INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Moshe Gerber 

Moshe
 Gerber 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Sharon Levkoviz 

Sharon
 Levkoviz 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Oded Bashan 
 
 Chairman
of the Board 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Oded
 Bashan 

/s/
 Moshe Gerber 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Moshe
 Gerber 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Sharon Levkoviz 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Sharon
 Levkoviz 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Aharon Klein 
 
 Chief
 Technology Officer, Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Aharon
 Klein 

/s/
 Yoram Drucker 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Yoram
 Drucker 

/s/
 Ohad Bashan 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Ohad
 Bashan 

/s/
 Ron Mayron 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Ron
 Mayron 

/s/
 Yaniv Cohen 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Yaniv
 Cohen 

/s/Inna
 Martin 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Inna
 Martin 

66 

IR-Med,
INC. 

and
subsidiary 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

F- 1 

IR-Med
Inc. 

Consolidated
Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022 

Contents 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8
 - F-26 

F- 2 

S omekh
Chaikin 

 KPMG
Millennium Tower 

 17
Ha arba a Street, PO Box 609 

 Tel
Aviv 61006, Israel 

 +972
3 684 8000 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of IR Med, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of IR-Med, Inc. and subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Change
in Accounting Principle 

As
discussed in Note 2O to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases as of January
1, 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (ASU 2016-02). 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1b to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has an accumulated
deficit that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 1b. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

 Member
Firm of KPMG International 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March
28, 2023 

F- 3 

IR-Med
Inc. 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Note 
 US Dollars (In thousands) 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 3 

Accounts receivable 
 4 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Long term restricted deposits 
 11 

Right of use asset 
 6 
 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 5 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities 

Trade and other payables 
 7 

Stockholders loans 
 8 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Long term lease liability 
 6 
 
 - 
 
 Stockholders loans 
 8 
 - 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Contingent liabilities and commitments 
 11 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders equity 
 10 

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized: and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

IR-Med
Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

For the year 
 For the year 

ended 
 ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Note 
 US Dollars (In thousands) 

Research and development expenses 
 12 

Marketing expenses 
 13 

General and administrative expenses 
 14 

Total operating loss 

Financial expenses (income), net 
 15 

Loss for the year 

Loss per share 

Basic and dilutive loss per common stock (in dollars) 
 16 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

IR-Med
Inc. 

Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Total 

Number of shares 
 US dollars (In Thousand) 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2022 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 

- 

Private placement of common stock and warrants, net 

- 

Loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Balance 

Balance as of January 1, 2021 

Balance as 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Private placement of common stock and warrants, net 

- 

Loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Balance 

) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

IR-Med
Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

For the year 
 For the year 

ended 
 ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

US Dollars (In thousands) 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Loss for the year 

Adjustments to reconcile loss for the year to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Depreciation 

Accrued financial expenses (income) 

Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable 

Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Increase in long term deposit 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from private placement of common stock and warrants, net 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year 

Non-cash financing Activities: 

Increase in right of use assets against lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Increase in right of use assets against long term restricted deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Decrease in trade and other payables from grant of options 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

IR-Med,
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

thousand and had a negative cash flow from operating activities
of US thousand. The accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 is US thousand. 

Management s
plans regarding these matters include continued development and marketing of its products, as well as seeking additional financing arrangements.
Between April and July 2022, the Company raised thousand from the private placement of its common stock at a per share price of
 and warrants to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock at a per share exercise price of . Although management
continues to pursue these plans, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in raising the needed capital from revenues
or financing on commercially acceptable terms. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. Management s plans regarding these matters include continued development and marketing of its products, as
well as seeking additional financing arrangements. As a result of the Company s financial condition substantial doubt exists that
the Company will be able to continue as a going concern for one year from the issuance date of this 2022 Annual Report 

IR-Med,
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

IR-Med,
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Cont d) 

 - 
 
 Laboratory equipment 

Furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

IR-Med,
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Cont d) 

 . Changes in recognition or
measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company accounts for interest and penalties related
to an underpayment of income taxes as a component of income tax expense. 

IR-Med,
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Cont d) 

IR-Med,
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Cont d) 

O. 
 Leases
 (Cont d) 

The
Subsidiary is a lessee in several noncancellable operating leases, primarily for transportation. The Company accounts for leases in accordance
with Topic 842, Leases. The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at contract inception. The Company recognizes
a right-of-use (ROU) asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. For operating leases, the lease liability is initially
and subsequently measured at the present value of the unpaid lease payments at the lease commencement date. 

Key
estimates and judgments include how the Company determines (1) the discount rate it uses to discount the unpaid lease payments to present
value, (2) lease term, and (3) lease payments. 

Topic
842 requires a lessee to discount its unpaid lease payments using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be
readily determined, its incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Company cannot determine the interest rate implicit in the lease
because it does not have access to the lessor s estimated residual value or the amount of the lessor s deferred initial
direct costs. Therefore, the Company generally uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate for the lease. The
Company s incremental borrowing rate for a lease is the rate of interest it would have to pay on a collateralized basis to
borrow an amount equal to the lease payments under similar terms. Because the Company does not generally borrow on a collateralized
basis, it uses the interest rate it pays on its noncollateralized borrowings as an input to deriving an appropriate incremental
borrowing rate, adjusted for the amount of the lease payments, the lease term, and the effect on that rate of designating specific
collateral with a value equal to the unpaid lease payments for that lease. 

Lease
payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise of the following: 

Fixed
 payments, including in-substance fixed payments, owed over the lease term (which includes
 termination penalties the Company would owe if the lease term assumes the Company s
 exercise of a termination option); 
 
 Variable
 lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate
 at the lease commencement date; 

The
Right Of Use (ROU) asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for lease
payments made at or before the lease commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred less any lease incentives received. 

For
operating leases, the ROU asset is subsequently measured throughout the lease term at the carrying amount of the lease liability, plus
initial direct costs, plus (minus) any prepaid (accrued) lease payments, less the unamortized balance of lease incentives received. Lease
expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Variable
lease payments associated with the Company s leases are recognized when the event, activity, or circumstance in the lease agreement
on which those payments are assessed occurs. Variable lease payments are presented as operating expense in the Company s consolidated
statements of income in the same line item as expense arising from fixed lease payments (operating leases) or amortization of the ROU
asset (finance leases). 

ROU
assets for operating and finance leases are periodically reduced by impairment losses. The Company uses the long-lived assets impairment
guidance in ASC Subtopic 360-10, Property, Plant, and Equipment Overall, to determine whether an ROU asset is impaired, and if
so, the amount of the impairment loss to recognize. The Company monitors for events or changes in circumstances that require a reassessment
of one of its leases. When a reassessment results in the remeasurement of a lease liability, a corresponding 

IR-Med,
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Cont d) 

O. 
 Leases
 (Cont d) 

adjustment
is made to the carrying amount of the corresponding ROU asset unless doing so would reduce the carrying amount of the ROU asset to an
amount less than zero. In that case, the amount of the adjustment that would result in a negative ROU asset balance is recorded in profit
or loss. Operating lease ROU assets are presented as operating lease right of use assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The current
portion of operating lease liabilities is included in trade and other payables and the long-term portion is presented separately as operating
lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 

The
Company recognizes the lease payments associated with its leases of motor vehicles as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
term. Variable lease payments associated with these leases are recognized and presented in the same manner as for all other Company leases. 

Cash - US dollars 

Total 

Government institutions 

Related parties 

Total Accounts Receivable 

IR-Med,
 Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Laboratory equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvement 

Property and Equipment, Gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and Equipment,
 Net 

years
which are all classified as operating leases. The contracts expire on various dates, the latest of which is October 2024. 

The
above operating leases are included in Right-of-use assets on the Company s Consolidated Balance sheets as of December
31, 2022 and represent the Company s right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The Company s obligations to pay
lease payments are included in the current liabilities as Lease liabilities and in the non-current liabilities as Long
term lease liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. Based on the present value
of the lease payments for the remaining lease term of the Company s existing lease agreements, the Company recognized operating
right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities of approximately US thousand on January 1, 2022. The company uses its incremental
borrowing yearly rate of based on the information available at the commencement date to determine the present value of the lease
payments. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized operation expenses of US thousand from leases of motor vehicles. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a decrease in right of use assets of US thousand. 

As
of December 31, 2022, operating right-of-use asset was US thousand, the operating lease liabilities were US thousand. 

Maturities
of lease liabilities under noncancellable leases as of December 31, 2022, are as follows: (US dollars in thousands): 

2024 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest: 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

IR-Med,
 Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Accrued expenses 

Payroll and related 

Advance from customer 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Related Parties 

Other 

Trade and other payables 

to . million and upon such terms and in such installments as
 shall be determined by the Company s board of directors . 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the carrying amounts of the 2015 Loans were US thousand and US thousand, respectively. 

In
2017, one of the Company s shareholders provided the Company with a loan to finance its ongoing operation (hereinafter: the 2017
Loan ). This loan bears interest at annual rate ranging in 2022 and 2021 from to annually. . 

In
March 2020, the Company and the lender agreed to amend the terms of the 2017 Loan and the repayment date was set to . 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the carrying amounts of the 2017 Loan were US thousand. 

B. 
 Convertible Loan 

On
March 6, 2018, certain of the Company s shareholders entered with the Company into a convertible bridge loan agreement (hereinafter:
the 2018 CLA ). 

. 

The
CLA included certain scenarios in which the loan may be converted Optional conversion ), and certain scenarios in which
the loan is automatically converted Mandatory conversion ). 

IR-Med,
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
8 - Stockholders Loans (Cont d) 

B. 
 Convertible Loan (Cont d) 

. 

The
Company recorded the loan amount as a liability, applying the accounting guidance in ASC 835-30. The embedded derivatives identified
by the Company relating to the Exit event and Optional conversion, were estimated by the Company as immaterial amounts. 

In
late 2018, the Majority Lenders agreed to defer the repayment date of the loan to a later date, after December 31, 2019. During 2018
and 2019 the convertible loan was not converted into shares. 

In
March, 2020, the Company and the lenders agreed to amend and restate the 2018 CLA the Amended CLA pursuant to which
the lenders waived any and all rights to convert their respective outstanding loan amounts, and the repayment date was set to
 . In addition, in case of an Exit event, as described in the Amended CLA, the loan and all accrued interest will be
fully repaid immediately following the exit event. 

Financing
expenses recorded in respect of the loan during 2022 and 2021 were US thousand, yearly. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amounts of the loans were US thousand and US thousand, respectively. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock and warrants for an additional shares
 of the Company s Common Stock, exercisable through 2024, at a per share exercise price
 of . subject to certain limited adjustments. 

The
Company classified the warrant as equity. 

IR-Med,
 Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Each
share of IR-Med Inc. s common stock entitles its holder to one vote and all shares rank equally as to voting and other matters. 

Dividends
may be declared and paid on the common stock from funds legally available therefor, if, as and when determined by the Board of Directors. 

B. 
 Financing rounds 

(I)
During the first four months of 2021, the Company raised in the aggregate an additional net of issuance cost of .
According to the agreements, the Company shall issue to the Investors units of its securities (hereinafter: Unit 
and collectively the Units at a price per Unit of . Each Unit is comprised of two shares of IR-Med Inc. s common
stock and one warrant to purchase an additional share of IR-Med Inc. s common stock, exercisable for a three-year period from the
date of issuance at a per share exercise price of , subject to certain limited adjustments. 

(II)
Between April 2022 through July 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with six accredited investors providing
for the issuance and sale to such investors of an aggregate of shares of the Company Common Stock and warrants for an additional
 shares of the Company Common Stock, exercisable through 2024, at a per share exercise price of . subject to certain limited
adjustments. The aggregate gross proceeds from the private placement were approximately . 

C. 
 Share-based compensation 

On
December 23, 2020 the Group s board of directors approved and the shareholders adopted a share-based compensation plan 2020
Incentive Stock Plan for future grants by the Parent Company. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Parent Company awarded to its employees and service providers options to purchase up to shares of
Common Stock, of which options for shares were at an exercise price of US per share, options for shares were
at an exercise price of US per share, options for shares were at an exercise price of US per share and options for
 shares were are an exercise price of per share. As of December 31, 2022 options for shares were vested and the
remaining balance has a vesting period ranging between one to . The options are exercisable for periods ranging between three 
to from the vesting date. 

On
August 15, 2022 the Parent Company entered into a consulting agreement for professional services. As part of this agreement, the parent
company granted the consultant shares at par value. 

The
grant was approved following the adoption of the 2020 incentive stock plan (hereinafter the Plan by the Parent Company
on December 23, 2020 and the adoption of the sub plan (the Israeli appendix on April 29, 2021. The Group recorded in the
statement of operations a non-cash expense of 
 thousands and 
 thousands during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 respectively. 

The
stock-based compensation expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were recognized in the statements of operations as follows; 

IR-Med,
 Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 10 - Stockholders 
Equity (Cont d) 

C. 
 Share-based compensation (Cont d) 

Marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses. 

Total
 stock based compensation 

The
Company will not be allowed to claim as an expense for tax purposes the amounts charged as stock-based compensation expenses. 

Share price (in U.S. dollar) (see (II) below) 
 , 

Expected volatility (see (III) below) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rates (see (IV) below) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected life (in years) (see (V) below) 
 - 
 - 

I. 
 as its expected dividend yield, based on historic policies and future plans. 

II. 
 and 
 respectively. In order to evaluate the price per share, the Warrant value has been deducted from the total unit price. 

III. 

IV. 

V. 

IR-Med,
 Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the approved program budget was financed by the IIA and by the shareholders. In return for the participation
of the IIA, the Company is required to pay royalties at the rate of - of the sales of the developed products linked to the dollar
until the repayment date of the full amount of the grants, plus annual interest at the LIBOR rate. In addition, the IIA may stipulate
any arrangement whereby the Company will be able to transfer the technology or development from Israel. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s maximum possible future royalties commitment, subject to future sales of such products, and
based on grants received from the IIA and not yet repaid is approximately thousand (including interest in the amount of thousand). 

For
the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 no additional IIA grants were obtained. 

B . 
 Vehicle Leases 

The
Company has lease contracts for six motor vehicles used in its operations in Israel. Motor vehicle leases generally have lease terms
of three years and require a deposit amount of three-monthly lease payment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company deposited an aggregate
of NIS (approximately US in respect of the vehicle leases. 

C. 
 Long term deposits 

During
2021 the Company received a bank credit line in the amount of NIS (Approximately US and pledged a security in the
same amount. 

Subcontractors 

Materials 

Stock based compensation expenses 

Other expenses 

Total research and development expenses 

IR-Med,
 Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Professional expenses 

Other expenses 

Stock based compensation expenses 

Total marketing expenses 

Professional expenses 

Rent and Maintenance 

Depreciation 

Other expenses 

Stock based compensation expenses 

Total general and administrative expenses 

Exchange rate loss (gain) 

Other 

Total financial expenses (income), net 

IR-Med,
 Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Weighted average number of ordinary shares: 

Balance at beginning of year 

Effect of shares issued during the year 

Weighted-average shares basic and dilutive as at end of year 

Basic and dilutive loss per share ) 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, number of options and warrants which granted by the Group s board of directors and not included
in the loss per share computation because all such securities have an anti-dilutive effect for the year. Such securities totaled to 
and respectively. 

. 

The
tax rates relevant to the Subsidiary for the years 2022-2021 was . 

Current
taxes for the reported periods are calculated according to the enacted tax rates presented above. 

b) 
 Tax benefits under the
 Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments, 1959 (the Investments Law 

The
Israeli Investments Law applies to Preferred Income derived or accrued in 2011 and thereafter by a Preferred Company. 

The
law provides a uniform and reduced income tax rate for all the Subsidiary s income entitled to the benefits Preferred Income ).
Starting from tax year 2017, the tax rate on Preferred Income for a company operating in the same area as the Subsidiary is , subject
to terms as defined within the Investments law. 

IR-Med,
 Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
17 Income Taxes (Cont d) 

B. 
 Deferred tax assets 

Capitalized research and development costs 

Payroll and related payables 

Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Right of use asset- deferred tax liability 
 
 - 

Total deferred tax assets, net 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company has provided full valuation allowance of US thousand and US thousand against
its deferred tax assets given that it is not more likely than not that it will generate sufficient income for tax purposes to utilize
the available deferred tax assets. 

C. 
 Accounting for uncertainty in income taxes 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, the Company did not have any significant unrecognized tax benefits. In addition, the Company
does not expect that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly within the next twelve months. 

The
Company accounts for interest and penalties related to an underpayment of income taxes as a component of income tax expense. For the
years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, interest and penalties related to income taxes have been accrued. 

D. 
 Operating losses carry forwards and valuation allowances 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had operating loss carryforwards in the amount of US thousand and US thousand,
respectively. The parent company and its subsidiary can reduce future taxable income with no limitation to the period of use. 

IR-Med,
 Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
17 Income Taxes (Cont d) 

E. 
 Composition of loss from continuing
 operations before income taxes 

Israel 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

F. 
 Income tax assessment 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Subsidiary has tax assessments that are considered as final in the Israel due to lapse of statute of limitation
period, through tax year 2017. The Parent Company has not been assessed for income tax purposes in US since its inception and is open
to examination by the IRS from the tax year 2019. 

G. 
 Reconciliation of the statutory income tax expense
 (benefit) to actual income tax expense 

Statutory tax rate 

Theoretical income tax benefit on the above amount at the US federal statutory income tax rate 

Additional tax (tax savings) in respect of: 

Nondeductible expenses 

Differences in tax rates between statutory tax and income tax of the Subsidiary 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effect of currency exchange differences 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Actual taxes on income 
 - 
 - 

) . 

IR-Med,
 Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
17 Income Taxes (Cont d) 

H. 
 Roll forward of valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Income tax expense 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Liabilities 

Payables 

Accrued expenses 

Payroll and related 

Stockholders loans 

B. 
 Transactions with related parties 

For the year 
 For the year 

ended 
 ended 

December 31 
 December 31 

2022 
 2021 

US Dollars (In thousands) 

Subcontractors and professional expenses (1) 

Salaries and related expenses (2) 

stock based compensation (3) 

Rent and Maintenance (4) 

Interest expenses 

IR-Med,
 Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
18 - Related Parties Balances and Transactions (Cont d) 

(1) 
 thousand and US thousand, respectively, in respect of research and development services. 

For
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid to one shareholder of the Parent Company and his relative an aggregate
 consideration of US thousand and US thousand, respectively in respect consulting services. 

For
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid to four of the Parent Company non-employee directors an aggregate consideration
 of US thousand and US thousand in respect of their services. 

(2) 
 thousand and US thousand, respectively, in respect thereof. 

(3) 
 and , options to purchase shares of Common Stock (See
 also note 10-C). respectively. 

(4) 
 thousand to entity controlled by two of the
 Company s directors for rent and office services. 

F- 26 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4-2.htm

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of March 29, 2023, IR-Med,
Inc. IR-Med, we, us or the Company had one class of securities registered under
Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): Common Stock, 0.001 par value per
share Common Stock ). Each of the Company s securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act are quoted
on the OTC Market tier, QB. 

General 

As of the date of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, our authorized capital stock consists of 250,000,000 shares of Common Stock. As of March 29, 2023, there
were 68,808,970 shares of our common stock outstanding. 

In addition, as of the date of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we had issued and outstanding: 

options to purchase 13,943,842 shares of our Common Stock, at a weighted average exercise price of 0.40 per share; and 

warrants to purchase 13,447,650 shares of our Common Stock, at a weighted average exercise price of 0.78 per share. 

The following summary description
of our capital stock is based on the provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the applicable provisions of applicable
law, including the provision of Chapters 78 and 92A of the Nevada Revised Statutes or NRS. 

Common Stock 

Each share of Common Stock entitles
the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders including the election of directors. Except as otherwise
required by law the holders of our Common Stock possess all voting power. According to our bylaws, when a quorum is present or represented
at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall
be sufficient to elect members of the Board of Directors or to decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is
one upon which by express provision of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation, a different vote is required in which case
such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question.. Our bylaws provide that stockholders holding at least
a majority of the shares entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, constitute a quorum at the meeting of our stockholders.
Our bylaws also provide that any action which may be taken by the vote of the stockholders at a meeting may be taken without a meeting
if authorized by the written consent of stockholders holding at least a majority of the voting power, unless the provisions of the statutes
or of the Articles of Incorporation require a greater proportion of voting power to authorize such action in which case such greater proportion
of written consents shall be required. 

Our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Because the holders of our common stock do not have cumulative
voting rights and directors are generally to be elected by a majority of the votes casts with respect to the directors at any meeting
of our stockholders for the election of directors, holders of more than fifty percent, and in some cases less than 50 , of the issued
and outstanding shares of our common stock can elect all of our directors. 

Provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and Restated Bylaws 

Classified board of directors .
Our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of
directors, each with staggered three-year terms. A third party may be discouraged from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to
obtain control of us as it is more difficult and time consuming for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors on a classified
board of directors. 

Advance Notice Requirements
for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations. Our restated bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking
to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting
of stockholders. Our restated bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder s notice.
These provisions might preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations
for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders if the proper procedures are not followed. We expect that these provisions might also
discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors
or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

Amendment of Bylaws. Our bylaws
provide that our board of directors may amend our bylaws by a majority vote of our board of directors including any bylaws adopted by
our stockholders, but our stockholders may from time to time specify particular provisions of these bylaws, which must not be amended
by our board of directors. Our current bylaws were adopted by our board of directors. Therefore, our board of directors can amend our
bylaws to make changes to the provisions relating to the quorum requirement and votes requirements to the extent permitted by Delaware
Law. 

Dividend Rights 

The holders of our common stock
are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for dividends. Our
board of directors is not obligated to declare a dividend. Any future dividends will be subject to the discretion of our board of directors
and will depend upon, among other things, future earnings, the operating and financial condition of our company, its capital requirements,
general business conditions and other pertinent factors. We do not anticipate that dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. 

Miscellaneous Rights and Provisions 

In the event of our liquidation
or dissolution, whether voluntary or involuntary, each share of our common stock is entitled to share ratably in any assets available
for distribution to holders of our common stock after satisfaction of all liabilities. 

Our common stock is not convertible
or redeemable and has no preemptive, subscription or conversion rights. There are no conversions, redemption, sinking fund or similar
provisions regarding our common stock. 

Our common stock, after the fixed
consideration thereof has been paid or performed, are not subject to assessment, and the holders of our common stock are not individually
liable for the debts and liabilities of our company. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar
for our common stock is VStock Transfer Company located at 18 Lafayette Pl, Woodmere, NY 11598. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

IR-Med, Inc. 

 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Moshe Gerber, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of IR-Med, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Moshe Gerber 

Moshe Gerber, Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

IR-Med, Inc. 

 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Sharon Levkoviz, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of IR-Med, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Sharon Levkoviz 

Sharon Levkoviz, Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

ERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Moshe Gerber, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the annual report of IR-Med, Inc. on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
that information contained in such annual report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results
of operations of IR-Med, Inc. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. This written statement is being furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission as an exhibit accompanying such annual report and shall not be deemed filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. 

By: 
 /s/ Moshe Gerber 

Moshe Gerber, Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Sharon Levkoviz, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the annual report of IR-Med, Inc. on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and that information contained in such annual report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition
and results of operations of IR-Med, Inc. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. This written statement is being furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit accompanying such annual report and shall not be deemed filed pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. 

By: 
 /s/ Sharon Levkoviz 

Sharon Levkoviz, Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 irme-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 irme-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 irme-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 irme-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

