<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1279620_0001213900-23-023414.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7413617</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>350946</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1532495</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1602887</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1927829</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1811545</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-023414.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328082930
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-023414
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zoned Properties, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001279620
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF NONRESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS [6512]
		IRS NUMBER:				465198242
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51640
		FILM NUMBER:		23766289

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8360 E. RAINTREE DRIVE, SUITE #230
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-360-8839

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8360 E. RAINTREE DRIVE, SUITE #230
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vanguard Minerals Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120820

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vanguard Minerals CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Knewtrino, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060721

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-023414.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_zonedproperties.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to
___________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: Common stock, par value 0.001 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates, based upon the closing price of 0.715 per share of common stock as of June 30, 2022
(the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was . 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: shares of common stock are issued and outstanding as of March 28,
2023. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

None 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 28 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data 
 41 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 41 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 42 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign
 Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 42 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance 
 43 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 49 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of
 Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 56 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees
 and Services 
 58 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial
 Statement Schedules 
 59 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 61 

Signatures 
 62 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements that appear elsewhere in this
annual report on Form 10-K. 

As used in this annual report on Form 10-K and
unless otherwise indicated, the terms the terms Zoned Properties , Company, we, us, 
or our refer to Zoned Properties, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries as detailed below. 

Overview 

Zoned Properties, Inc. Zoned Properties 
or the Company ), was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 25, 2003. In October 2013, the Company changed its name
to Zoned Properties, Inc. and in April 2014, the Company shifted its business model to address commercial real estate in the regulated
cannabis industry. The Company is a real estate development firm for emerging and highly regulated industries, including legalized cannabis.
The Company is redefining the approach to commercial real estate investment through its integrated growth services. Headquartered in Scottsdale,
Arizona, Zoned Properties has developed a full spectrum of integrated growth services to support its real estate development model; the
Company s Property Technology, Advisory Services, Commercial Brokerage, and Investment Portfolio collectively cross-pollinate within
the model to drive project value associated with complex real estate projects. With national experience and a team of experts devoted
to the emerging cannabis industry, Zoned Properties is addressing the specific needs of a modern market in highly regulated industries.
Zoned Properties is an accredited member of the Better Business Bureau, the U.S. Green Building Council, and the Forbes Business Council.
The Company does not grow, harvest, sell or distribute cannabis or any substances regulated under United States law such as the Controlled
Substance Act of 1970, as amended (the CSA ). 

The Company has the following wholly owned subsidiaries: 

Chino Valley Properties,
 LLC Chino Valley was organized in the State of Arizona on April 15, 2014. 

Kingman Property Group,
 LLC Kingman was organized in the State of Arizona on April 15, 2014. 

Green Valley Group, LLC
 Green Valley organized in the State of Arizona on April 15, 2014. 

Zoned Arizona Properties,
 LLC Zoned Arizona was organized in the State of Arizona on June 2, 2017. 

Zoned Advisory Services,
 LLC Zoned Advisory was organized in the State of Arizona on July 27, 2018. 

Zoned Properties Brokerage,
 LLC Arizona Brokerage was organized in the State of Arizona on March 17, 2021. 

ZP Data Platform 1, LLC
 ZP Data 1 was organized in the State of Arizona on April 14, 2021. 

ZP Data Platform 2, LLC
 ZP Data 2 was organized in the State of Arizona on June 21, 2022. 

ZP RE Holdings, LLC
 ZPRE Holdings was organized in the State of Arizona on September 20, 2022. 

ZP RE AZ Stone, LLC ZP
 Stone was organized in the State of Arizona on October 19, 2022. 

ZP Brokerage MS, LLC Mississippi
 Brokerage was organized in the State of Mississippi on October 4, 2022. 

ZP Brokerage FL, LLC Florida
 Brokerage was organized in the State of Florida on October 20, 2022. 

ZP Brokerage AL, LLC Alabama
 Brokerage was organized in the State of Alabama on October 20, 2022. 

ZP RE MI Woodward, LLC
 ZP Woodward was organized in the State of Michigan on November 22, 2022 

ZP Brokerage MO, LLC Missouri
 Brokerage was organized in the State of Missouri on November 30, 2022. 

1 

During 2022, the Company has closed the following
wholly owned subsidiaries: 

Gilbert Property Management,
 LLC Gilbert was organized in the State of Arizona on February 10, 2014. This subsidiary was dissolved on July 5,
 2022. 

Zoned Colorado Properties,
 LLC Zoned Colorado was organized in the State of Colorado on September 17, 2015. This subsidiary was dissolved on
 July 22, 2022. 

Zoned Oregon Properties,
 LLC Zoned Oregon was organized in the State of Oregon on June 16, 2015. This subsidiary was dissolved on December
 13, 2022. 

Zoned Illinois Properties,
 LLC was organized in the State of Illinois on July 15, 2015. This subsidiary was dissolved on November 4, 2022. 

Our Business 

We are a real estate development firm for emerging
and highly regulated industries, including legalized cannabis. We are redefining the approach to commercial real estate investment through
our integrated growth services. Headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, we have developed a full spectrum of integrated growth services
to support our real estate development model; our Property Technology, Advisory Services, Commercial Brokerage, and Investment Portfolio
collectively cross-pollinate within the model to drive project value associated with complex real estate projects. With national experience
and a team of experts devoted to the emerging cannabis industry, we are addressing the specific needs of a modern market in highly regulated
industries. Zoned Properties is an accredited member of the Better Business Bureau, the U.S. Green Building Council, and the Forbes Business
Council. We do not grow, harvest, sell or distribute cannabis or any substances regulated under United States law such as the Controlled
Substance Act of 1970, as amended (the CSA ). 

We have developed and expanded into multiple
business divisions focused on real estate services and investments currently focused on the legalized and regulated cannabis industry;
including property technology, advisory services, commercial brokerage services, and a property investment portfolio. Each of these operating
divisions are important elements of the overall business development strategy for long-term growth. We believe in the value of building
relationships with clients and local communities to position the Company for long-term portfolio and revenue growth backed by sophisticated,
safe, and sustainable assets and clients. 

The core of our business involves identifying
and developing commercial properties that intend to operate within highly regulated industries, including the legalized cannabis industry.
Within highly regulated industries, local municipalities typically develop strict regulations, including zoning and permitting requirements
related to commercial real estate, that dictate the specific locations and parameters under which regulated properties can operate. These
regulations often include complex permitting processes and can include non-standard codes governing each location; for example, restricting
a regulated property or facility from operating within a certain distance of any parks, schools, churches, or residential districts,
or restricting a regulated property from operating outside a defined set of hours of operation. When an organization can collaborate
with local representatives, a proactive set of rules and regulations can be established and followed to meet the needs of both the regulated
operators and the local community. 

The Company currently maintains a portfolio of
properties that we own, develop, and lease. We currently lease land and/or building space at all five of the properties in our portfolio.
These properties are leased to licensed and legalized cannabis tenants and are located in areas with established zoning and permitting
procedures. Three of the leased properties are zoned and permitted as licensed and regulated cannabis dispensaries, and two of the leased
properties are zoned and permitted as licensed and regulated cannabis cultivation facilities. Each regulated property may undergo a non-standard
development process. Various development requirements in this process may include initial property identification, zoning authorization,
and permitting guidance in order to qualify a commercial property for subsequent architectural design, utility installation, construction
and development, property management, facilities management systems, and security system installation. 

While our primary focus is on investing in the
acquisition of new properties to grow our portfolio, we may occasionally sell an asset when the circumstances and opportunity present
a value opportunity for the Company. On June 1, 2021, we closed on the sale of our Gilbert, AZ property with a third party (the Purchaser ),
pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and the Purchaser agreed to purchase, the property located in Gilbert, Arizona, for an aggregate
purchase price of 335,000. In connection with the sale, we received net proceeds of 322,332 and recorded a gain on sale of rental property
of 51,944. 

There are significant challenges that take place
when zoning, permitting, and developing real estate with facilities that intend to operate within a regulated industry, including the
regulated cannabis industry. Each state and local jurisdiction may adopt specific zoning and permitting regulations that may be unique
compared to alternative jurisdictions. The Company has gained valuable knowledge and developed best practices in this area by successfully
completing project for third party clients across the country in multiple state and our own major projects in the state of Arizona, a
highly regulated market for the regulated cannabis industry. The Company intends to replicate this business model across the nation as
markets mature and rules and regulations are established. 

2 

The process for obtaining zoning authorizations
and permitting for a regulated cannabis facility can take months or sometimes years to complete. The process primarily involves working
directly with the local government representatives following state-level legalization. Notwithstanding proper zoning and permitted use,
we may work with local zoning authorities in order to revise zoning codes and regulations. The Company has been involved with local representatives
on behalf of our own properties held in our portfolio and on behalf of third-party clients across the nation. For example, the Company
worked directly with local representatives in Tempe, Arizona to update the local zoning code that regulates licensed cannabis facilities.
The successfully adoption of these code amendments can directly impact the continued development of any licensed cannabis facilities that
operate within municipal limits. 

In the event a property is not currently zoned
correctly or does not currently allow permitted use as a regulated cannabis facility, we may work with local authorities to rezone the
property or seek changes to existing zoning codes or permitted uses. Our efforts may not be successful. For example, the property we
sold in June of 2021 located in Gilbert, Arizona was not successfully zoned and permitted for a prospective regulated cannabis facility
and was ultimately divested as a non-core asset. 

The Company has established a network of experts
in the fields of real estate, design, engineering, construction, operations, security, and corporate social responsibility in order to
provide tenants and clients with a full-spectrum of real estate solutions to best meet their needs. We require our prospective tenants
and clients to go through due diligence in order to meet the Company s standards. 

Our vision is to be recognized for setting the
standard in sustainable development for emerging industries, while increasing community prosperity and shareholder value. We believe
that a focus on real estate and the sustainable development of properties will bring value to the local communities in which we operate
and to local stakeholders. While we intend to expand into a variety of emerging industries, our current focus is on real estate projects
within the regulated cannabis industry. 

We are the sole member of 15 limited liability
companies: Chino Valley, Green Valley, Kingman, Zoned Arizona, Zoned Advisory, ZP Data 1, ZP Data 2, Arizona Brokerage, Mississippi Brokerage,
Florida Brokerage, Alabama Brokerage, Missouri Brokerage, ZPRE Holdings, ZP Stone, and ZP Woodward. Five of these entities Zoned
Arizona, Green Valley, Kingman, Chino Valley, and ZP Woodward have acquired land and/or real property and own our properties. 

Multiple state-licensed operators from across
the United States have approached Zoned Properties for strategic partnership and/or advisory services for development and prospective
sale-lease back arrangements. We are continuously evaluating these projects as we seek development partnerships, prospective sale-lease
back arrangements, and explore financing terms with capital funding sources. 

As it relates to the regulated cannabis industry,
we are strictly a non-plant touching organization. We believe that we are well positioned to benefit from ancillary development opportunities
that the regulated cannabis industry presents without having to deal with the risk of directly cultivating, distributing, or dispensing
the product, which is still illegal under federal law. 

Our initial real estate services and property
acquisition targets have been in Arizona. Recently, we have expanded real estate services, namely advisory services and brokerage services,
across multiple state markets, and we have acquired properties in Michigan. We believe that both Arizona and Michigan have established
state-regulated cannabis programs with robust regulatory frameworks for licensing and operating within their respective regulatory marketplaces
(i.e. the business environment in which our clients and tenants operate) and have strong consumer demand to support the business operators
in their respective state marketplaces (i.e. the consumers that support our clients and tenants business operations). The
Company expects to target expansion into new state marketplaces for both its real estate services and its acquisition of properties into
its property investment portfolio that have strong growth trends in both regulatory frameworks and consumer demand. The Company believes
these are two of the most important market factors that have influence related to the value of real estate development and property investment
potential. 

3 

Recent Corporate History and Transactions 

Our properties located in Chino Valley and Green
Valley are leased by Broken Arrow Herbal Center, Inc. Broken Arrow ). 

Our properties located in Tempe (through November
30, 2022) and Kingman are leased by CJK, Inc. CJK ). Additionally, on the Tempe property, the Company leases parking lot
space for an antenna location to a third party. 

On November 30, 2022, Zoned Arizona, CJK, and
VSM LLC VSM entered into the Tempe Second Amendment to the Tempe Lease, as amended. Concurrently with the execution of
the Tempe Second Amendment, CJK assigned all its interest in the Tempe Lease to VSM. 

On December 1, 2022, ZP Woodward entered into
an Exclusive Option Agreement for the Purchase of Real Property (the Option Agreement ), dated December 1, 2022 between
ZP Woodward and FL MI RE 22, LLC (the Woodward Assignor ). Pursuant to the terms of the Option Agreement and subject to
the conditions therein, ZP Woodward was granted the exclusive option (the Option to assume all of the Woodward Assignor s
rights and obligations under certain purchase agreements and other definitive documents as described in the Option Agreement (collectively,
 Assigned Rights ), all related to real property located in Pleasant Ridge, Michigan and as more particularly described in
the Option Agreement (the Woodward Property ). In December 2022, the Company exercised its rights to acquire the properties
located at 23616 and 23622 Woodward Avenue, Pleasant Ridge, Michigan for a purchase price of 2,292,549; including cash of 867,549,
and a land contract promissory note of 1,425,000. The properties consist of approximately 9,060 square feet of land with approximately
6,192 square feet of rentable buildings space. Simultaneously, the Company paid cash of 590,000 to the Woodward Assignor in assignment
fees and deposits for the rights to acquire two adjacent properties (the Parking Lots ), which is reflected as escrow deposits
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. As discussed below, ZP Woodward acquired these Parking Lots. 

On December 1, 2022, in connection with the acquisition
of the Woodward Property and Parking Lots, ZP Woodward, as landlord, entered into a Licensed Cannabis Facility Absolute Net Lease Agreement
(the Woodward Lease with Rapid Fish 2 LLC, as tenant Woodward Tenant ), whereby ZP Woodward leased the Woodward
Property and the Parking Lots located in Pleasant Ridge, Michigan to the Woodward Tenant. The Woodward Lease commenced on December 1,
2022 and has a term of 14 years and 4 months through March 1, 2037, with two 5-year options to extend the term, exercisable by the
Woodward Tenant pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Woodward Lease. 

On February 24, 2023, ZP Woodward entered into
a Land Contract, dated February 24, 2023, by and between Gangnier Investments LLC (the Gangnier and ZP Woodward (the 23634
Land Contract ). Pursuant to the terms of the 23634 Land Contract, Gangnier agreed to sell to ZP Woodward certain real property
located at 23634 Woodward Avenue, Pleasant Ridge, Michigan 23634 Woodward for the purchase price of 755,984, comprised
of 85,894 of cash, 240,000 of previously paid escrow deposits and a land contract note payable of 430,000 (the 23634 Land Contract
Note ). The 23634 Land Contract Note Payable accrues interest at the rate of 7 and is payable in 48 monthly installments of 3,865,
beginning April 1, 2023, until the purchase price and interest are fully paid, provided that such purchase price and all interest will
be fully paid on or before March 31, 2027. 

There is no prepayment penalty. The 23634 Land
Contract contains terms and conditions typically stated in similar land contract or installment sale contracts. 

On February 27, 2023,
ZP Woodward acquired a fee interest in 23600 Woodward Avenue, Pleasant Ridge, Michigan for the purchase price of 1,253,070, comprised
of 903,070 of cash and 350,000 of previously paid escrow deposits and, as of such date, ZP Woodward has acquired the property interests
in the Woodward Property contemplated in the Option Agreement and Master Agreement. 

The Parking Lots properties consist of approximately
15,246 square feet of land with approximately 3,463 square feet of rentable buildings space and approximately 7,872 square feet of covered
parking. 

4 

Chino Valley, AZ 

On May 29, 2020, Chino Valley and Broken Arrow
entered into a Second Amendment to the 2018 Chino Valley Lease, as amended (the 2020 Chino Valley Amendment ), effective
May 31, 2020 Effective Date ). Pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Chino Valley Amendment, among other things, the base rent
was adjusted to 32,800 per month, and the base rent was abated from June 1, 2020 to July 31, 2020. Any increase in the rentable area
of the leased premises will result in an increase in all amounts calculated based on the same, including, without limitation, base rent.
Pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Chino Valley Amendment, the parties agreed that if there is any change in laws such that the dispensing,
sale or cultivation of marijuana upon the premises is prohibited or materially and adversely affected as mutually and reasonably determined
by Chino Valley and Broken Arrow, Broken Arrow may terminate the 2018 Chino Valley Lease, as amended, by delivering written notice to
Chino Valley, together with a termination payment which shall be the sum of (i) any unpaid rent and interest, plus (ii) 5 of the base
rent which would have been earned after termination for the balance of the term. In addition, the parties agreed that from the period
from the Effective Date to June 30, 2022 (the Improvement Period ), Broken Arrow will and/or Broken Arrow will cause its
affiliate, CJK, to invest a combined total of at least 8,000,000 of improvements Investment by Tenants in and to the
property that is the subject of the Chino Valley Lease and the property that is the subject of the Tempe Lease (discussed below, and
collectively referred to as the Facilities ). The Company s Significant Tenants have completed the Investment by Tenants
to the Facilities totaling in excess of 8,000,000 and have satisfied the contractual obligations related to the same. 

On August 23, 2021, Chino Valley and Broken Arrow
entered into the Third Amendment (the Third Chino Valley Amendment to the 2018 Chino Valley Lease, as amended (the Chino
Valley Lease ), effective September 1, 2021. The parties previously agreed that the base rental payments under the Chino Valley
Lease would increase commensurate to any and all expanded and operational square footage on the premises by calculating the fixed rate
of 0.82 per square foot per month by the new operational square footage. Accordingly, in the Third Chino Valley Amendment, the parties
agreed that, as of September 1, 2021, the rental payment is increased to 55,195 per month base rental payment, plus additional rental
payments, as a result of the increase in the square footage to 67,312 square feet of operational space. This lease modification qualifies
as a separate contract as the modification grants the tenant additional right of use not included in the original lease, as amended,
and the increase in monthly rent payments is commensurate with the standalone price for the additional square footage being leased. 

On January 24, 2022 and effective on March 1,
2022, Chino Valley and Broken Arrow entered into the Fourth Amendment (the Fourth Chino Valley Amendment to the Chino
Valley Lease, as amended. Pursuant to the terms of the Fourth Chino Valley Amendment, the parties acknowledge that an additional 30,000
square feet have become operational, increasing the premises to a total of 97,312 square feet of operational space. In connection with
the Fourth Chino Valley Amendment, the Company paid 500,000 to Tenant as a tenant improvement allowance or lease incentive for investment
into the premises, which was capitalized as a lease incentive receivable and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining
lease term as a reduction to the lease income. Pursuant to the terms of the Fourth Chino Valley Amendment, effective March 1, 2022, the
monthly base rent was increased to 87,581, representing an increase from 0.82 per square foot to 0.90 per square foot, for all current
and future operational square footage that may be developed as the premises continues to expand. 

Green Valley, AZ 

On May 29, 2020, Green Valley and Broken Arrow
entered into the First Amendment (the Green Valley Amendment to the Green Valley Lease, effective May 31, 2020. Pursuant
to the terms of the Green Valley Amendment, among other things, the parties agreed to abate the fixed base rent of 3,500 from June 1,
2020 to July 31, 2020. In addition, the Green Valley Amendment provides that any increase in the rentable area of the leases premises
will result in an increase in all amounts calculated based on the same, including, without limitation, base rent. The parties also agreed
that if there is any change in laws such that the dispensing, sale or cultivation of marijuana upon the premises is prohibited or materially
and adversely affected as mutually and reasonably determined by Green Valley and Broken Arrow, Broken Arrow may terminate the Green Valley
Lease by delivering written notice to Green Valley, together with a termination payment which shall be the sum of (i) any unpaid rent
and interest, plus (ii) 5 of the base rent which would have been earned after termination for the balance of the term. 

5 

Tempe, AZ 

On May 29, 2020, Zoned Arizona and CJK entered
into the First Amendment (the Tempe Amendment to the Tempe Lease, effective May 31, 2020. Pursuant to the terms of the
Tempe Amendment, among other things, the base rent was increased to 49,200 per month, and the base rent was abated from June 1, 2020
to July 31, 2020. Any increase in the rentable area of the leased premises will result in an increase in all amounts calculated based
on the same, including, without limitation, base rent. Pursuant to the terms of the Tempe Amendment, the parties agreed that if there
is any change in laws such that the dispensing, sale or cultivation of marijuana upon the premises is prohibited or materially and adversely
affected as mutually and reasonably determined by Zoned Arizona and CJK, CJK may terminate the Tempe Lease by delivering written notice
to Zoned Arizona, together with a termination payment which shall be the sum of (i) any unpaid rent and interest, plus (ii) 5 of the
base rent which would have been earned after termination for the balance of the term. 

In addition, under the Tempe Amendment the parties
agreed to an Investment by Tenant (as defined above in the subheading Chino Valley to the property that is the subject of the
Chino Valley Lease and the property that is the subject of the Tempe Lease. If Broken Arrow and/or CJK fails to deliver to the Company
receipted bills for hard and soft costs of improvements to the Facilities totaling at least 8,000,000 on or before June 30, 2022, Broken
Arrow and CJK will be in default under the Chino Valley Lease and Tempe Lease, as amended. The Company s Significant Tenants have
completed the Investment by Tenants to the Facilities totaling in excess of 8,000,000 and have satisfied the contractual obligations
related to the same. 

In connection with a promissory note, on July
11, 2022 and reaffirmed on December 7, 2022, the Company entered into a Deed of Trust Agreement that secures the Company s performance
under the promissory note. The Deed of Trust Agreement transfers and assigns to the lender the right to sell the assets of Tempe and
rights to rental income in case of default under the promissory note. 

On November 30, 2022, Zoned Arizona, CJK, and
VSM entered into that Second Amendment (the Tempe Second Amendment to the Tempe Lease, as amended. Concurrently with the
execution of the Tempe Second Amendment: (i) CJK assigned all its interest in the Tempe Lease to VSM (the Assignment ), and
(ii) VSM subleased a portion of the Premises (as defined in the Tempe Lease), pursuant to that certain Sublease dated November 30, 2022
between VSM, as sublessor, and CJK, as sublessee. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Tempe Second Amendment,
among other things, and in consideration of Zoned Arizona s agreement to enter into the Tempe Second Amendment: (i) VSM paid Zoned
Arizona 300,000 (the Assignment Price ), (ii) VSM agreed to commit at least 3,000,000 to be spent toward capital improvements
to the Premises within two years after the effective date of the Tempe Second Amendment (the Capital Commitment ), (iii)
VSM agreed to deposit an additional security deposit (the Additional Security Deposit of 147,600 to be held by Zoned
Arizona per the terms of the Tempe Lease, and (iv) VSM agreed to cause its affiliate, GDL Inc. (doing business as Green Dot Labs) GDL to execute and deliver to Zoned Arizona that Guaranty of Payment and Performance dated on the same date as the Tempe Amendment, which
Guaranty of Payment and Performance requires GDL to guarantee and be liable for VSM s compliance with and performance under the
Tempe Lease. The Guaranty of Payment and Performance was entered into on November 30, 2022. If VSM fails to deliver to Zoned Arizona
invoices or other documentation acceptable to Zoned Arizona showing the Capital Commitment has been satisfied in a timely manner, VSM
will be in default under the Tempe Lease. No other terms of the Tempe Lease were modified. 

Pursuant to ASC 842-10-25, the lease modification
was not accounted for as a separate contract and the Company shall account for the modification as if it were a termination of the existing
lease and the creation of a new lease that commenced on the effective date of the modification. Accordingly, the Company considers the
assignment fee paid as a part of the lease payments for the modified lease and shall amortize the 300,000 assignment fees into rental
revenue on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of the modified lease. On December 31, 2022, deferred revenue related to this
lease modification amounted to 298,565 and is included in contract liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

Additionally, on the Tempe property, the Company
leases parking lot space for an antenna location to a third party. 

6 

Kingman, AZ 

On May 29, 2020, Kingman and CJK entered into
the First Amendment (the Kingman Amendment to the Kingman Lease, effective May 31, 2020. Pursuant to the terms of the
Kingman Amendment, among other things, the parties agreed to abate the 4,000 base rent from June 1, 2020 to July 31, 2020. In addition,
the Kingman Amendment provides that any increase in the rentable area of the leases premises will result in an increase in all amounts
calculated based on the same, including, without limitation, base rent. The parties also agreed that if there is any change in laws such
that the dispensing, sale or cultivation of cannabis upon the premises is prohibited or materially and adversely affected as mutually
and reasonably determined by Kingman and CJK, CJK may terminate the Kingman Lease by delivering written notice to Kingman, together with
a termination payment which shall be the sum of (i) any unpaid rent and interest, plus (ii) 5 of the base rent which would have been
earned after termination for the balance of the term. On November 30, 2022, Kingman and CJK entered into the Second Amendment (the Kingman
Second Amendment to the Licensed Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated May 1, 2018 between Kingman
and CJK. Pursuant to the terms of the Kingman Second Amendment, CJK agreed to grant Kingman a right to terminate the Kingman Lease upon
15 days prior written notice in Kingman s sole discretion, without any obligation to do so, provided that Kingman may not
exercise this right to terminate if CJK is operating its business as a going concern at the premises which is the subject of the Kingman
Lease. 

Pleasant Ridge, MI 

On November 29, 2022, ZP Woodward, as landlord,
entered into a Licensed Cannabis Facility Absolute Net Lease Agreement (the Woodward Lease with Rapid Fish 2 LLC, as tenant Woodward Tenant ), whereby ZP Woodward leased the Woodward Property located in Pleasant Ridge. Michigan to the Woodward
Tenant. The Woodward Lease commenced on December 1, 2022 and has a term of 14 years and 4 months through March 1, 2037, with two 5-year
options to extend the term, exercisable by the Woodward Tenant pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Woodward Lease. The Woodward
Lease contains customary obligations of the Woodward Tenant consistent with an absolute triple net lease agreement, including (i) the
payment of real property taxes, personal property taxes, privilege, sales, rental, excise, use and/or other taxes (excluding income or
estate taxes), (ii) payment of insurance premiums and operating costs of ZP Woodward related to the operation of the Woodward Property,
and (iii) maintenance and repair obligations to maintain the Woodward Property in first-class retail condition. The Woodward Lease includes
a Guaranty of Payment and Performance by Ammar Kattoula and Thomas Nafso. The Woodward Lease contains an abatement of the full or partial
rent that would otherwise have been due for the months from December 2022 to March 2023. Subsequent to the abatement period. the Woodward
Lease provides for payment by the tenant of monthly base rent beginning at 40,319 per month and increasing by 3 per year over the term
of the lease, as well as real property taxes, personal property taxes, privilege, sales, rental, excise, use and/or other taxes (excluding
income or estate taxes) levied upon or assessed against the Company. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Woodward Lease, the Woodward
Tenant agreed to maintain insurance in full force during the term of the Woodward Lease and any other period of occupancy of the premises
by the tenant. The tenant shall have the option, exercisable by written notice to ZP Woodward given not later than 180 days prior to
the expiration of the then current term, to extend the term for two further terms of five years each on the same terms and conditions
as provided in this Lease. 

The Company considers tenants whose annual base
rent exceeds over 10 of the Company s annual rental income to be a Significant Tenant. 

The Tempe Lease, Kingman Lease, Chino Valley
Lease, Green Valley Lease, and the Woodward Lease are considered significant and the tenants are referred to as the Significant Tenants. 

7 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, all of the Company s real estate properties are leased under triple-net leases to tenants that are controlled by Significant
Tenants. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenues associated with Significant Tenant leases described above is summarized
as follows: 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 of Total 
 Revenues 
 For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 of Total 
 Revenues 
 
 CJK 
 638,789 
 24.0 
 690,673 
 37.9 
 
 Broken Arrow 
 1,034,470 
 38.9 
 564,457 
 31.0 
 
 VSM 
 54,728 
 2.1 
 - 
 - 
 
 Woodward Tenant 
 48,297 
 1.8 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,776,284 
 66.8 
 1,255,130 
 68.9 

Revenues from these Significant Tenants began in December 2022 and are expected to amount to over 10 of the Company s rental revenue in future periods. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had an asset concentration related to the Significant Tenants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Significant Tenants collectively
leased approximately 59.8 and 79.2 of the Company s total assets, respectively. 

Future minimum lease payments to be received,
on all leased properties, for each of the five succeeding calendar years and thereafter as of the period ended December 31, 2022, consist
of the following: 

Future annual base rent: 

2023 
 2,154,211 
 
 2024 
 2,245,735 
 
 2025 
 2,260,576 
 
 2026 
 2,264,399 
 
 2027 
 2,271,955 
 
 Thereafter 
 27,187,804 
 
 Total 
 38,384,680 

KCB Jade Holdings, LLC Investment 

On March 19, 2020, the Company made an initial
investment of 100,000 into KCB Jade Holdings, LLC KCB ). In exchange for the investment, KCB issued to the Company a convertible
debenture (the KCB Debenture dated March 19, 2020 (the Issuance Date in the original principal amount of
 100,000. The KCB Debenture bears interest at the rate of 6.5 per annum and matures on March 19, 2025 (the Maturity Date ).
Interest on the outstanding principal sum of the KCB Debenture commences accruing on the Issuance Date and is computed on the basis of
a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed and shall be payable annually due by the first day of each calendar anniversary
following the Issuance Date. KCB may prepay the KCB Debenture at any point after 18 months following the Issuance Date, in whole or in
part. However, if KCB elects to prepay the KCB Debenture prior to the Maturity Date or prior to any conversion as provided in the KCB
Debenture in whole or in part, the Company will be entitled to receive a number of KCB units, in addition to such prepayment amount,
constituting 10 of the total outstanding units and 10 of the total percentage interest following such issuance and at the time of such
issuance. 

On or after six months from the Issuance Date,
the Company may convert all or a portion of the principal balance and all accrued and unpaid interest due into a number of units equal
to the proportion of the outstanding amount being converted multiplied by 33 of the total number of units issued and outstanding at
the time of conversion, constituting 33 of the total percentage interest (the Conversion Percentage ). If KCB defaults
on payment of the KCB Debenture, the Company may, at its option, extend all conversion rights, through and including the date KCB tenders
or attempts to tender payment in full of all amounts due under the KCB Debenture. Conversion rights terminate upon acceptance by the
Company of payment in full of principal, accrued interest and any other amounts due under the KCB Debenture. 

If (i) KCB does not elect to exercise its rights
of prepayment prior to the Maturity Date, (ii) the Company does not elect to exercise its rights of conversion, and (iii) KCB pays to
the Company all outstanding principal and interest accrued and due under the terms of the KCB Debenture on the Maturity Date, the Company
will still be entitled to receive a number of units, in addition to such payment amount, constituting 8 of the total outstanding units
and 8 of the total percentage interest following such issuance and at the time of such issuance. 

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, as
defined in the KCB Debenture, the entire principal balance and accrued and unpaid interest outstanding under the KCB Debenture, and all
other obligations of KCB under the KCB Debenture, will be immediately due and payable and the Company may exercise any and all rights,
power and remedies available to it at law or in equity or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any covenant
or agreement contained in the KCB Debenture and proceed to enforce the payment thereof or any other legal or equitable right of the Company. 

Any amount of principal or interest not paid
when due will bear interest at the rate of 12 per annum from the due date thereof until paid. 

8 

On February 19, 2021 (the Amendment Date ),
the Company made an additional investment of 100,000 into KCB (the Additional Investment ). In exchange, KCB issued to
the Company an amended and restated convertible debenture (the A R Debenture on the Amendment Date. The A R Debenture
amends and restates in its entirety the KCB Debenture. Pursuant to the A R Debenture, the Company and KCB agreed to certain new terms
that did not exist in the KCB Debenture, which are described below. 

Interest
Accrual Commencement : Pursuant to the A R Debenture, interest on the Initial Investment begins accruing as of March 19, 2020,
while interest on the Additional Investment begins accruing on February 19, 2021. 

Franchise
Fees . In the A R Debenture, the parties acknowledge that each time that KCB sells one of its franchise locations, KCB earns a
fee (an Initial Fee ), and that KCB also earns a fee when one of its franchise locations renews its franchise with KCB (a
 Renewal Fee ). Pursuant to the A R Debenture, the Company and KCB agreed that, as additional consideration for the Additional
Investment, KCB will pay to the Company, in perpetuity, 5 of any Initial Fee received by KCB after the Amendment Date, as well as 5 
of any Renewal Fee received by KCB related to any franchise locations sold after the Amendment Date, in each case to be paid within five
(5) days of receipt of KCB thereof. 

In addition, following the Amendment Date, KCB
agreed not to decrease the amount it charges its franchise locations for an Initial Fee or any Renewal Fee as in effect on the Amendment
Date without the prior written consent of the Company, or to take any other actions that would reduce the value of KCB s obligation
to the Company with respect to these franchise fee payments. KCB s obligation to pay the Company the franchise fees listed above
will survive any termination, repayment or conversion of the A R Debenture. Failure by KCB to pay the Company the franchise fees
in the manner described above will result in an event of default, and, among other things, any due and unpaid franchise fees will accrue
interest at 12 per year from the date the obligation was due. 

Apart from the terms described above, the terms
of the A R Debenture are substantially identical to the terms of the KCB Debenture. 

On August 2, 2021, KCB issued to the Company
a second amended and restated convertible debenture (the Second A R Debenture ). The Second A R Debenture amends
and restates in its entirety the A R Debenture. Pursuant to the Second A R Debenture, the Company and KCB agreed to revise certain
terms in the A R Debenture, as follows. 

Right of Prepayment . KCB may prepay the
Second A R Debenture at any point after 18 months following the Issue Date, in whole or in part. However, if KCB elects to prepay
the Second A R Debenture prior to March 19, 2025 (the Maturity Date or prior to any conversion in whole or in part,
the Company will be entitled to receive a number of KCB Class B units Class B Units ), in addition to such prepayment amount,
constituting 10 of the total outstanding KCB Units (as defined in KCB s Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement (the Operating
Agreement )), for the avoidance of doubt, being 10 of the total of KCB s Class A units Class A Units and
the Class B Units together, and 10 of the total Percentage Interest (as defined in the Operating Agreement) following such issuance
and at the time of such issuance. 

Voluntary Conversion . On or after six
months from the Issue Date, the Company is entitled to convert all or a portion of the principal balance and all accrued and unpaid interest
due under the Second A R Debenture (the Outstanding Amount into a number of Class B Units equal to the proportion
of the Outstanding Amount being converted multiplied by the Conversion Percentage, as defined below). Should KCB default on payment hereof,
the Company may, at its option, extend all conversion rights, through and including the date KCB tenders or attempts to tender payment
in full of all amounts due under the Second A R Debenture. Conversion rights will terminate upon acceptance by the Company of payment
in full of principal, accrued interest and any other amounts due under the Second A R Debenture. 

Conversion Percentage. The Conversion
Percentage will be 33 of the total number of Units (for the avoidance of doubt, being 33 of the total of the Class A Units and the
Class B Units together), issued and outstanding at the time of conversion, constituting 33 of the total Percentage Interest (the Conversion
Percentage ). 

Right of Maturity Units . If (i) KCB does
not elect to exercise its prepayment rights prior to the Maturity Date, and (ii) the Company does not elect to exercise its conversion
rights, and (iii) KCB pays to the Company all outstanding principal and interest accrued and due under the terms of the Second A R
Debenture on the Maturity Date, then the Company will still be entitled to receive a number of Class B Units, in addition to such payment
amount, constituting 8 of the total outstanding Units (for the avoidance of doubt, being 8 of the total of the Class A Units and the
Class B Units together) and 8 of the total Percentage Interest (as such term is defined in the Second A R Debenture) following such
issuance and at the time of such issuance. 

Apart from the terms described above, the terms
of the Second A R Debenture are substantially identical to the terms of the A R Debenture. 

The convertible note receivable has been accounted
for at amortized cost and is evaluated for collectability at each reporting date. As of December 31, 2022, based on management s
analysis, the Company recorded a loss on note receivable investment of 210,756 which consisted of convertible notes receivable and interest
receivable amounted to 200,000 and 10,756, respectively. In connection with management s analysis, the Company considered the
current financial situation of KCB and an assessment of KCB s franchising opportunity in the cannabis industry from a macro-industry
perspective. While the opportunity may prove valuable in the long-term, currently significant macro-industry challenges have caused management
to take a conservative approach in its evaluation and conclude that this was the most appropriate position at this time on behalf of the
Company and its shareholders. 

On December 31, 2022, convertible note receivable and interest receivable
amounted to 0. On December 31, 2021, convertible note receivable and interest receivable amounted to 200,000 and 10,756, respectively. 

9 

Gilbert Property 

On March 3, 2021, Gilbert entered into that certain
Commercial Lease Agreement (the Lease ), dated as of February 26, 2021, between Gilbert and AZ2CAL Enterprises, LLC (the
 Tenant ). Pursuant to the terms of the Lease, Gilbert agreed to rent the property located at 988 S. 182 nd Place,
Gilbert, AZ (the Property to the Tenant for a term of 24 months, from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2023, for monthly rent
of 2,750; provided, however, that no rent was due for the month of April 2021. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Lease, the
Tenant had an option to purchase the Property (the Option that was exercisable any time after the fourth month of the
lease term, but no later than the end of the 12 th month of the lease term. On June 1, 2021, the Company closed on the
sale of its Gilbert, AZ property with the Tenant pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Tenant agreed to purchase the
property located in Gilbert, Arizona, for an aggregate purchase price of 335,000. In connection with the sale, the Company received
net proceeds of 322,332 and recorded a gain on sale of rental property of 51,944. 

Investment in Joint Ventures 

On December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held investments with
aggregate carrying values of 58,293 and 74,554, respectively. The entities listed below are partially owned by the Company. The Company
accounts for these investments under the equity method of accounting as the Company exercises significant influence but does not exercise
financial and operating control over these entities. Investments are reviewed for changes in circumstance or the occurrence of events
that suggest an other than temporary event where the Company s investment may not be recoverable. 

On April 22, 2021, ZP Data 1 entered into a Limited Liability Company
Operating Agreement (the Beakon Operating Agreement with a non-affiliated joint venture partner in connection with the
formation of Beakon, LLC Beakon ), a Delaware limited liability company formed on April 16, 2021. Beakon signed a licensing
agreement for the licensing of a consumer data/marketing software platform that Beakon will white-label for the cannabis industry. Beakon s
goal is to develop and leverage the platform to help drive foot traffic to brick and mortar retail (i.e. dispensaries), and thus enhance
the value of the real estate and mitigate risk. Pursuant to the Beakon Operating Agreement, ZP Data 1 purchased 50 units of Beakon for
 50, which represent 50 of the membership interests of Beakon. Each unit represents, with respect to any member, such member s:
(i) interest in Beakon s capital, (ii) share of Beakon s net profits and net losses (and specially allocated items of income,
gain, and deduction), and the right to receive distributions of net cash flow from Beakon, (iii) right to inspect Beakon s books
and records, and (iv) right to participate in the management of and vote on matters coming before the members as provided in the Beakon
Operating Agreement. The transactions discussed above resulted in a joint venture, in accordance with ASC 323-10 Investments-
Equity and Joint Ventures, between ZP Data 1 and the non-affiliated party. Each of the entities has 50 equity ownership and voting
rights, and joint control in Beakon. ZP Data 1 will account for its investment in Beakon under the equity method of accounting in accordance
with ASC 323. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company contributed 86,000 to Beakon. On December 31, 2021, the Company recorded
an other-than-temporary impairment loss of 73,970 because it was determined that the fair value of its equity method investment in Beakon
was less than its carrying value. Based on management s evaluation, it was determined that due to market conditions and lack of
committed funding, the Company s ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment in Beakon was impaired. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, the 73,970 impairment loss is included within loss from unconsolidated joint ventures on the consolidated statement
of operations. 

On May 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Limited
Liability Company Operating Agreement (the Zoneomics Green Operating Agreement with a non-affiliated joint venture partner
in connection with the formation of Zoneomics Green, LLC Zoneomics Green ), a Delaware limited liability company formed
on May 1, 2021. Zoneomics Green s goal is to utilize advanced property technology to provide solutions for property identification
in regulated industries such as regulated cannabis. Pursuant to the Zoneomics Green Operating Agreement, the Company purchased 50 units
of Zoneomics Green for a capital contribution of 90,000, which represent 50 of the membership interests of Zoneomics Green. Each unit
represents, with respect to any member, such member s: (i) interest in Zoneomics Green s capital, (ii) share of Zoneomics
Green s net profits and net losses (and specially allocated items of income, gain, and deduction), and the right to receive distributions
of net cash flow from Zoneomics Green, (iii) right to inspect Zoneomics Green s books and records, and (iv) right to participate
in the management of and vote on matters coming before the members as provided in the Zoneomics Green Operating Agreement. The transactions
discussed above resulted in a joint venture, in accordance with ASC 323-10 Investments- Equity and Joint Ventures, between
the Company and the non-affiliated party. Each of the entities has 50 equity ownership and voting rights, and joint control in Zoneomics
Green. In June 2021, the Company contributed 90,000 to Zoneomics Green. 

10 

Clients 

We target clients who require assistance with
the identification and development of regulated cannabis properties. Our ideal prospective clients will have a commitment to sophisticated,
safe, and sustainable project development. The most significant barrier to success for many industry operators and prospective clients
includes distractions from primary business operations. These distractions often include services related to the identification, zoning,
permitting, and development of real estate. 

We complete significant due diligence on prospective
tenants and prospective clients regardless of industry focus. Credit-worthiness, character, and cash flows are all important traits that
contribute to a sophisticated client for the Company. 

Marketing 

Currently, the Company uses general industry
marketing to communicate its real estate services to industry operators and prospective clients. These include an industry newsletter
that the Company distributes. Industry reputation, word-of-mouth, and networking are the primary tools the Company has used to complete
the marketing of our services. We have previously and may in the future engaged with marketing, design, and public relations firms to
assist with our industry branding and to help maintain an updated website, shareholder presentation, and profile outlining the Company s
services. These tools are created for transparency of operations and activities. Our executive management believes the reputation of
having integrity is an essential tool for marketing and business development. 

Competition 

The commercial real estate market is highly competitive.
We believe finding properties that are zoned for the specific use of allowing regulated cannabis operations may be limited as more competitors
enter the market. More competitors have recently entered the marketplace. We face significant competition from a diverse mix of market
participants, including but not limited to, other public companies with similar business models, independent investors, hedge funds and
other real estate investors, hard money lenders, as well as would be clients, regulated cannabis operators themselves, all of whom, who
may compete against us in our efforts to acquire real estate zoned for cannabis operations. In some instances, we will be competing to
acquire real estate with persons who have no interest in the regulated cannabis business but have identified value in a piece of real
estate that we may be interested in acquiring. 

Government Regulation 

Real Estate General Business Regulations 

We are subject to applicable provisions of federal
and state securities laws and to regulations specifically governing the real estate industry, including those governing fair housing
and federally backed mortgage programs. Our operations will also be subject to regulations normally incident to business operations,
such as occupational safety and health acts, workmen s compensation statutes, unemployment insurance legislation and income tax
and social security related regulations. Although we will use our best efforts to comply with applicable regulations, we can provide
no assurance of our ability to do so, nor can we fully predict the effect of these regulations on our proposed activities. 

In addition, zoning commercial properties for
specific purposes, such as regulated cannabis dispensaries or cultivation facilities, is subject to specific regulations to the zoning
requirements for the city, county and state related to any regulated cannabis facility. We expect regulations to get tighter as time
goes on. 

Federal and State Regulation of Cannabis 

The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that it is the
federal government that has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, even for medical purposes. Therefore, federal law criminalizing
the use of marijuana preempts state laws that legalize its use for medicinal purposes. 

The U.S. federal government regulates drugs through
the CSA, which places controlled substances, including cannabis, in a schedule. Cannabis is classified as a Schedule I controlled
substance. A Schedule I controlled substance is defined as a substance that has no currently accepted medical use in the United
States, a lack of safety for use under medical supervision and a high potential for abuse. The U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ defines Schedule I drugs, substances or chemicals as drugs with no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse. 
However, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA has approved Epidiolex, which contains a purified form of the
drug cannabidiol CBD ), a non-psychoactive ingredient in the cannabis plant, for the treatment of seizures associated
with two epilepsy conditions. The FDA has not approved cannabis or cannabis compounds as a safe and effective drug for any other condition.
Moreover, pursuant to the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 (the Farm Bill ), CBD remains a Schedule I controlled substance
under the CSA, with a narrow exception for CBD derived from hemp with a tetrahydrocannabinol THC concentration of less
than 0.3 . 

11 

The Company maintains its operations so as to
remain in compliance with the CSA. Even in those jurisdictions in which the manufacture and use of medical marijuana has been legalized
at the state level, the possession, use and cultivation all remain violations of federal law that are punishable by imprisonment and
substantial fines, and the prescription of marijuana is a violation of federal law. Moreover, individuals and entities may violate federal
law if they intentionally aid and abet another in violating these federal controlled substance laws or conspire with another to violate
them. 

The inconsistencies between federal and state
regulation of cannabis were addressed in a memorandum (the Cole Memo which then-Deputy Attorney General James Cole sent
to all U.S. District Attorneys in 2013 outlining certain priorities for the DOJ relating to the prosecution of cannabis offenses. The
Cole Memo acknowledged that, notwithstanding the designation of cannabis as a Schedule I controlled substance at the federal level, several
states had enacted laws authorizing the use of cannabis for medical purposes. The Cole Memo noted that jurisdictions that have enacted
laws legalizing cannabis in some form have also implemented strong and effective regulatory and enforcement systems to control the cultivation,
processing, distribution, sale, and possession of cannabis. As such, conduct in compliance with those laws and regulations is less likely
to implicate the Cole Memo s enforcement priorities. The DOJ did not provide (and has not provided since) specific guidelines for
what regulatory and enforcement systems would be deemed sufficient under the Cole Memo. In light of limited investigative and prosecutorial
resources, the Cole Memo concluded that the DOJ should be focused on addressing only the most significant threats related to cannabis,
such as distribution of cannabis from states where cannabis is legal to those where cannabis is illegal, the diversion of cannabis revenues
to illicit drug cartels and sales of cannabis to minors. 

On January 4, 2018, former U.S. Attorney
General Jeff Sessions issued a new memorandum (the Sessions Memo which rescinded the Cole Memo. The Sessions Memo stated,
in part, that current law reflects Congress determination that cannabis is a dangerous drug and cannabis activity is a
serious crime, and Mr. Sessions directed all U.S. Attorneys to enforce the laws enacted by Congress by following well-established
principles when pursuing prosecutions related to cannabis activities. The Company is not aware of any prosecutions of investment companies
doing routine business with licensed marijuana related businesses in light of the DOJ position following issuance of the Sessions Memo.
However, there can be no assurance that the federal government will not enforce federal laws relating to cannabis in the future. As a
result of the Sessions Memo, federal prosecutors are now free to utilize their prosecutorial discretion to decide whether to prosecute
cannabis activities, despite the existence of state-level laws that may be inconsistent with federal prohibitions. No direction was given
to federal prosecutors in the Sessions Memo as to the priority they should ascribe to such cannabis activities, and thus it is uncertain
how active U.S. federal prosecutors will be in relation to such activities. 

Federal prosecutors appear to continue to use
the Cole Memo s priorities as an enforcement guide. Merrick Garland, who became Attorney General on March 10, 2021, has indicated
that he would deprioritize enforcement of low-level cannabis crimes such as possession, and has shared his view that the government
should focus on large-scale criminal enterprises that circumvent state legalization laws instead of going after people who abide by local
cannabis policies. The Company believes it is too soon to determine what prosecutorial effects will be created by the rescission of the
Cole Memo or any replacement thereof and when or if the Sessions Memo will be rescinded. To date, there has been no new federal cannabis
memoranda issued by the Biden Administration or any published change in federal enforcement policy. Regardless, U.S. federal government
has always reserved the right to enforce federal law regarding the sale and disbursement of medical or recreational marijuana, even if
state law sanctioned such sale and disbursement. Although the rescission of the Cole Memo does not necessarily indicate that marijuana
industry prosecutions are now affirmatively a priority for the DOJ, there can be no assurance that the U.S. federal government will not
enforce such laws in the future. The sheer size of the cannabis industry, in addition to participation by state and local governments
and investors, however, suggests that a large-scale federal enforcement operation would more than likely create unwanted political backlash
for the DOJ and the current administration. Regardless, at this time, cannabis remains a Schedule I controlled substance at the federal
level. It is unclear whether the risk of enforcement has been altered. 

One legislative safeguard for the medical cannabis
industry, appended to the federal budget bill, remains in place following the rescission of the Cole Memo. For several years, Congress
has adopted a so-called rider provision to the Consolidated Appropriations Act (formerly referred to as the Rohrabacher-Farr
Amendment and currently referred to as the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer Amendment) to prevent the federal government from using congressionally
appropriated funds to enforce federal cannabis laws against regulated medical cannabis actors operating in compliance with state and
local law. Despite the rescission of the Cole Memo, the DOJ appears to continue to adhere to the enforcement priorities set forth in
the Cole Memo. 

The Cole Memo and the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer
Amendment gave licensed cannabis operators (particularly medical cannabis operators) and investors in states with legal regimes greater
certainty regarding the DOJ s enforcement priorities and the risk of operating cannabis businesses. While the Sessions Memo has
introduced some uncertainty regarding federal enforcement, the cannabis industry continues to experience growth in legal medical and
adult use markets across the United States. When she was a U.S. Senator, Vice President Kamala Harris was the lead sponsor of the Marijuana
Opportunity, Reinvestment, and Expungement (MORE) Act, which seeks to end the federal prohibition of marijuana, among other things, but
in March 2020, it was reported that Vice President Harris has adopted the same position as President Biden, who opposes legalization.
Currently, there is no guarantee that state laws legalizing and regulating the sale and use of cannabis will remain in place or that
local governmental authorities will not limit the applicability of state laws within their respective jurisdictions. Unless and until
the U.S. Congress amends the CSA with respect to cannabis (and as to the timing or scope of any such potential amendments there can be
no assurance), there is a risk that federal authorities may enforce current U.S. federal law criminalizing cannabis. 

12 

Although the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that
it is the federal government that has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, and federal law criminalizing the use of marijuana
preempts state laws that legalize its use, cannabis is largely regulated at the state level. 

State laws that permit and regulate the production,
distribution and use of cannabis for adult use or medical purposes are in direct conflict with the CSA, which makes cannabis use and
possession federally illegal. Although certain states and territories of the U.S. authorize medical and/or adult use cannabis production
and distribution by licensed or registered entities, under U.S. federal law, the possession, use, cultivation and transfer of cannabis
and any related drug paraphernalia is illegal, and any such acts are criminal acts under federal law under any and all circumstances
under the CSA. Although the Company s activities are believed to be compliant with applicable state and local laws, strict compliance
with state and local laws with respect to cannabis may neither absolve the Company of liability under U.S. federal law, nor may it provide
a defense to any federal proceeding which may be brought against the Company. 

Many states and U.S. territories have legalized the medical and/or
adult use of cannabis. 

We will continue to monitor compliance on an ongoing
basis in accordance with our compliance program and standard operating procedures. While our operations are in full compliance with all
applicable state laws, regulations and licensing requirements, such activities remain illegal under federal law. For the reasons described
above and the risks further described in Risk Factors, there are significant risks associated with our business. 

Financial transactions involving proceeds generated
by marijuana-related conduct can form the basis for prosecution under the federal money laundering statutes, unlicensed money transmitter
statute and the Bank Secrecy Act. Previous guidance issued by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a division of the U.S. Department
of the Treasury FinCEN ), clarifies how financial institutions can provide services to marijuana-related businesses consistent
with their obligations under the Bank Secrecy Act. Prior to the DOJ s announcement in 2018 of the rescission of the Cole Memo and
related memoranda, supplemental guidance from the DOJ directed federal prosecutors to consider the federal enforcement priorities enumerated
in the Cole Memo when determining whether to charge institutions or individuals with any of the financial crimes described above based
upon marijuana-related activity. 

Consequently, those businesses involved in the
marijuana industry continue to encounter difficulty establishing banking relationships, which may increase over time. Our inability to
maintain our current bank accounts would make it difficult for us to operate our business, increase our operating costs, and pose additional
operational, logistical and security challenges and could result in our inability to implement our business plan. 

The inability of our current and potential tenants
to open accounts and continue using the services of banks will limit their ability to enter into triple-net lease arrangements with us
or may result in their default under our lease agreements, either of which could materially harm our business and the trading price of
our securities. 

Local, state and federal marijuana laws and regulations
are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance
or alter our business plan. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and
result in a material adverse effect on its operations. In addition, it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that
will be directly applicable to our proposed business. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or
applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and
if promulgated, could have on our business. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had nine full-time
employees, including our chief executive officer, chief operating officer, and chief legal officer, and multiple part-time employees who
operate as independent contractors of the Company. We have established a national network of external partners, contractors, and consultants
to which we outsource various operational tasks in an effort to minimize administrative overhead and maximize efficiency. 

We believe that a diverse workforce is important
to our success. We will continue to focus on the hiring, retention and advancement of women and underrepresented populations, and to cultivate
an inclusive and diverse corporate culture. In the future, we intend to continue to evaluate our use of human capital measures or objectives
in managing our business such as the factors we employ or seek to employ in the development, attraction and retention of personnel and
maintenance of diversity in our workforce. 

The success of our business is fundamentally connected
to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees
and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs, including benefits that
provide protection and security so they can have peace of mind concerning events that may require time away from work or that impact their
financial well-being; that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain
their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors; and that offer choice where possible so they can customize their benefits
to meet their needs and the needs of their families. 

We also provide robust compensation and benefits
programs to help meet the needs of our employees. We believe that we maintain a satisfactory working relationship with our employees and
have not experienced any labor disputes. 

13 

ITEM 1A.
RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. You should not invest in our stock unless you are able to bear the complete loss of your investment. You should carefully
consider the risks described below, as well as other information provided to you in this annual report on Form 10-K, including information
in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones facing Zoned Properties. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we
currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business,
financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the value of our common stock could decline, and
you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 

Because we have limited operating history
in the real estate industry, we may not succeed. 

We have limited operating history or experience
in procuring, building out or leasing real estate for agricultural purposes, specifically legalized marijuana grow facilities, or with
respect to any other activity in the cannabis industry. Moreover, we are subject to all risks inherent in developing a new business enterprise.
Our likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered
in connection with establishing a new business and the competitive and regulatory environment in which we operate. For example, the regulated
cannabis industry is new and may not succeed, particularly should the federal government change course and decide to prosecute those dealing
in medical marijuana. If that happens there may not be an adequate market for our properties or other activities we propose to engage
in. 

You should further consider, among other factors,
our prospects for success in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies that, like us, are in their early stages.
For example, unanticipated expenses, delays and or complications with build outs, zoning issues, legal disputes with neighbors, local
governments, communities and or tenants. We may not successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully implement our
operating strategies. If we fail to do so, it could materially harm our business to the point of having to cease operations and could
impair the value of our common stock to the point investors may lose their entire investment. 

We may be unable to continue as a going
concern if we do not successfully raise additional capital. 

We may need to raise additional funds through
public or private debt or equity financings, as well as obtain credit from vendors to be able to fully execute our business plan. If
we cannot raise additional capital, we may be otherwise unable to achieve our goals or continue our property development. While we believe
that we will be able to raise the capital we need to continue our operations, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in
these efforts or will be able to resolve any liquidity issues or eliminate our operating losses. In addition, any additional capital
raised through the sale of equity may dilute your ownership interest. We may not be able to raise additional funds on favorable terms,
or at all. If we are unable to obtain additional funds or credit from our vendors, we may be unable to execute our business plan and
you could lose your investment. 

Because we may be unable to identify and
or successfully acquire properties which are suitable for our business, our financial condition may be negatively affected. 

Our business plan involves the identification
and the successful acquisition of properties, which are zoned for legalized cannabis businesses, including cultivation and retail. The
properties we acquire will be leased to regulated cannabis operators. Local governments must approve and adopt zoning ordinances for
medical cannabis facilities and retail dispensaries. A lack of properly zoned real estate may reduce our prospects and limit our opportunity
for growth and or increase the cost at which suitable properties are available to us. Conversely a surplus of real estate zoned for medical
cannabis establishments may reduce demand and prices we are able to charge for properties we may have previously acquired. 

In addition, some jurisdictions, such as Arizona,
impose limits on the number of medical cannabis dispensaries that will be permitted to operate within designated geographic areas. Such
limitations inherently place constraints on the number of properties we acquire for lease to operators in the cannabis industry. 

14 

If we fail to diversify our property portfolio
or advisory and real estate services offered, downturns relating to certain industries or business sectors or the financial stability
of our significant tenants may have a significant adverse impact on our assets and our ability to pay our operating expenses or pay dividends
than if we had a diversified property portfolio and service offerings. 

While we intend to diversify our portfolio of
properties, we are not required to observe specific diversification criteria. Therefore, our total assets are concentrated into a limited
number of tenants who were considered significant tenants. To the extent that our total assets are concentrated in a limited number of
tenants that are in the regulated cannabis industry, downturns relating generally to such industry or business sector, or a decline in
the financial stability of our Significant Tenants may result in defaults on all of our leases within a short time period, which may reduce
our net income and the value of our common stock and accordingly, limit our ability to pay or operating expenses or pay dividends to our
stockholders. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an asset concentration related to our Significant Tenant leases at our Tempe, Chino
Valley, Green Valley and Kingman, Arizona properties and our property located in Pleasant Ridge, Michigan. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, these Significant Tenants represented approximately 59.8 and 79.2 of total assets, respectively. If our tenants are prohibited
from operating or cannot pay their rent, we may not have enough working capital to support our operations and we would have to seek out
new tenants at rental rates per square foot that may be less than our current rate per square foot. 

Any adverse economic or real estate developments
in the medical cannabis industry could adversely affect our operating results and our ability to collect rent from out tenants, pay our
operating expenses or pay dividends to our stockholders. 

Because our business is dependent upon
continued market acceptance by our tenants consumers, any negative trends will adversely affect our business operations. 

Out tenants are substantially dependent on continued
market acceptance and proliferation of consumers of regulated cannabis. We believe that as cannabis becomes more accepted, the stigma
associated with cannabis use will diminish and as a result, consumer demand will continue to grow. And while we believe that the market
and opportunity in the cannabis space continues to grow, we cannot predict the future growth rate and size of the market. Any negative
outlook on the cannabis industry will adversely affect our tenants business operations and their ability to pay rent to us. 

In addition, it is believed by many that large
well-funded businesses may have a strong economic opposition to the cannabis industry. We believe that the pharmaceutical industry clearly
does not want to cede control of any product that could generate significant revenue. For example, medical cannabis will likely adversely
impact the existing market for the current marijuana pill sold by the mainstream pharmaceutical industry, should cannabis
displace other drugs or encroach upon the pharmaceutical industry s products. The pharmaceutical industry is well funded with a
strong and experienced lobby that eclipses the funding of the medical cannabis movement. Any inroads the pharmaceutical could make in
halting the impending cannabis industry could have a detrimental impact on our proposed business. 

Because we buy and lease property, we will
be subject to general real estate risks. 

We will be subject to risks generally incident
to the ownership of real estate, including: (a) changes in general economic or local conditions; (b) changes in supply of, or demand
for, similar or competing properties in the area; (c) bankruptcies, financial difficulties or defaults by tenants or other parties; (d)
increases in operating costs, such as taxes and insurance; (e) the inability to achieve full stabilized occupancy at rental rates adequate
to produce targeted returns; (f) periods of high interest rates and tight money supply; (g) excess supply of rental properties in the
market area; (h) liability for uninsured losses resulting from natural disasters or other perils; (i) liability for environmental hazards;
and (j) changes in tax, real estate, environmental, zoning or other laws or regulations. For these and other reasons, no assurance can
be given that we will be profitable. 

Our growth depends on external sources
of capital, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. In addition, banks and other financial institutions may be reluctant
to enter into lending transactions with us, including secured lending, because our properties are used in the cannabis industry. If this
source of funding is unavailable to us, our growth may be limited and our business may be materially adversely affected. 

Our ability to acquire, operate and sell properties,
engage in the business activities that we have planned and achieve positive financial performance depends, in large measure, on our ability
to obtain financing in amounts and on terms that are favorable. The capital markets in the United States in general, and in the cannabis
sector in particular, have undergone a turbulent period in which lending was severely restricted. Although there appear to be signs that
financial institutions are resuming lending, the market has not yet returned to its pre-2008 state. The cannabis sector experienced significant
volatility in 2019 and 2020 and such volatility is expected to continue in 2023. Obtaining favorable financing in the current environment
remains challenging. 

15 

In order to grow our business, we may seek financing
through newly issued equity or debt. We may not be in a position to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities for growth
if we are unable, due to global or regional economic uncertainty, changes in the state or federal regulatory environment relating to
the medical-use cannabis industry, changes in market conditions for the regulated cannabis industry, our own operating or financial performance
or otherwise, to access capital markets on a timely basis and on favorable terms, or at all. 

Our access to capital will depend upon a number
of factors over which we have little or no control, including general market conditions and the market s perception of our current
and potential future earnings. If general economic instability or downturn, or volatility within the cannabis sector, leads to an inability
to borrow at attractive rates or at all, our ability to obtain capital could be negatively impacted. In addition, banks and other financial
institutions may be reluctant to enter into lending transactions with us, particularly secured lending, because our properties are used
in the cultivation, production or dispensing of medical-use cannabis. If this source of funding is unavailable to us, our growth may
be limited and our business may be materially adversely affected. 

If we are unable to obtain capital on terms and
conditions that we find acceptable, we likely will have to curtail operations and reduce the number of properties we purchase in the
future. In addition, our ability to refinance all or any debt we may incur in the future, on acceptable terms or at all, is subject to
all of the above factors, and will also be affected by our future financial position, results of operations and cash flows, which additional
factors are also subject to significant uncertainties, and therefore we may be unable to refinance any debt we may incur in the future,
as it matures, on acceptable terms or at all. All of these events would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
liquidity and results of operations. 

In addition, securities clearing firms may refuse
to accept deposits of our securities, which may negatively impact the trading of our securities and have a material adverse impact on
our ability to obtain capital. 

Because we will compete with others for
suitable properties, competition will result in higher costs that could materially affect our financial condition. 

We will experience competition for real estate
investments from individuals, corporations and other entities engaged in real estate investment activities, many of whom have greater
financial resources than us. Competition for investments may have the effect of increasing costs and reducing returns to our investors. 

Because we are liable for hazardous substances
on our properties, environmental liabilities are possible and can be costly. 

Federal, state and local laws impose liability
on a landowner for releases or the otherwise improper presence on the premises of hazardous substances. This liability is without regard
to fault for, or knowledge of, the presence of such substances. A landowner may be held liable for hazardous materials brought onto a
property before it acquired title and for hazardous materials that are not discovered until after it sells the property. Similar liability
may occur under applicable state law. Sellers of properties may make only limited representations as to the absence of hazardous substances.
If any hazardous materials are found within our properties in violation of law at any time, we may be liable for all cleanup costs, fines,
penalties and other costs. This potential liability will continue after we sell the properties and may apply to hazardous materials present
within the properties before we acquire the properties. If losses arise from hazardous substance contamination, which cannot be recovered
from a responsible party, the financial viability of the properties may be adversely affected. It is possible that we will purchase properties
with known or unknown environmental problems, which may require material expenditures for remediation. 

Because we may not be adequately insured,
we could experience significant liability for uninsured events. 

While our tenants currently carry comprehensive
insurance on our properties, including fire, liability and extended coverage insurance, there are certain risks that may be uninsurable
or not insurable on terms that management believes to be economical. For example, management may not obtain insurance against floods,
terrorism, mold-related claims, or earthquake insurance. If such an event occurs to, or causes the damage or destruction of, a property,
we could suffer financial losses. 

If we are found non-compliance with the
Americans with Disabilities Act, we will be subject to significant liabilities. 

If any of our properties are not in compliance
with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended (the ADA ), we may be required to pay for any required improvements.
Under the ADA, public accommodations must meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The ADA requirements
could require significant expenditures and could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. We cannot
assure that ADA violations do not or will not exist at any of our properties. 

16 

Our inability to effectively manage our
growth could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition . 

Our strategy envisions growing our business.
Any growth in or expansion of our business is likely to continue to place a strain on our management and administrative resources, infrastructure
and systems. As with other growing businesses, we expect that we will need to further refine and expand our business development capabilities,
our systems and processes and our access to financing sources. We also will need to hire, train, supervise and manage new employees.
These processes are time consuming and expensive, will increase management responsibilities and will divert management attention. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to: 

expand
our business effectively or efficiently or in a timely manner; 

allocate
our human resources optimally; 

meet
our capital needs; 

identify
and hire qualified employees or retain valued employees; or 

effectively
incorporate the components of any business or product line that we may acquire in our effort to achieve growth. 

Our inability or failure to manage our growth
and expansion effectively could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Unfavorable global economic, business or
political conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our results of operations could be adversely
affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets, including conditions that are outside of our
control, including the impact of health and safety concerns, such as those relating to the current COVID-19 outbreak. The most recent
global financial crisis caused extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn
could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our properties and our ability to raise additional
capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could strain our tenants, possibly resulting in delays
in tenant payments. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all the ways in which the current economic
climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 

We hold our cash and cash equivalents that
we use to meet our working capital and operating expense needs in deposit accounts that could be adversely affected if the financial institution
holding such funds fail. 

We hold our cash and cash equivalents that we
use to meet our working capital and operating expense needs in deposit accounts at one financial institution. The balance held in these
accounts exceeds the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, standard deposit insurance limit of 250,000. If the financial institution
in which we hold such funds fails or is subject to significant adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, we could be subject
to a risk of loss of all or a portion of such uninsured funds or be subject to a delay in accessing all or a portion of such uninsured
funds. Any such loss or lack of access to these funds could adversely impact our short-term liquidity and ability to meet our operating
expense obligations, including payroll obligations. 

For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, and Signature
Bank, were closed by state regulators and the FDIC was appointed receiver for each bank. The FDIC created successor bridge banks and all
deposits of SVB and Signature Bank were transferred to the bridge banks under a systemic risk exception approved by the United States
Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. If the financial institution in which we hold funds for working capital
and operating expenses were to fail, we cannot provide any assurances that such governmental agencies would take action to protect our
uninsured deposits or investments in a similar manner. 

We will be required to attract and retain
top quality talent to compete in the marketplace. 

We believe our future growth and success will
depend in part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, sales and marketing, and finance personnel. There can
be no assurance of success in attracting and retaining such personnel. Shortages in qualified personnel could limit our ability to compete
in the marketplace. 

We are dependent on Bryan McLaren, our
Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board, and the loss of this officer could harm our business
and prevent us from implementing our business plan in a timely manner. 

In view of his direct relationships with industry
partners that directly contribute to our business development strategy, our success depends substantially upon the continued services
of Mr. McLaren. We previously purchased a one-year key person life insurance policy on Mr. McLaren with a base coverage amount of 8,000,000
renewable annually at a 10-year fixed guaranteed premium. The policy was renewed in January 2023. The loss of Mr. McLaren s services
could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

17 

Risks Related to Government Regulation 

Marijuana remains illegal under federal
law, and therefore, strict enforcement of federal laws regarding marijuana would likely result in our inability and the inability of
our tenants to execute our respective business plans. 

Marijuana is a Schedule I controlled substance
under the CSA. Even in those jurisdictions in which the manufacture and use of medical marijuana has been legalized at the state level,
the possession, use and cultivation all remain violations of federal law that are punishable by imprisonment and substantial fines, and
the prescription of marijuana is a violation of federal law. Moreover, individuals and entities may violate federal law if they intentionally
aid and abet another in violating these federal controlled substance laws or conspire with another to violate them. The U.S. Supreme
Court has ruled in United States v. Oakland Cannabis Buyers Coop. and Gonzales v. Raich that it is the
federal government that has the right to regulate and criminalize marijuana, even for medical purposes. We would likely be unable to
execute our business plan if the federal government were to strictly enforce federal law regarding marijuana. 

On January 4, 2018, former U.S. Attorney
General Jeff Sessions issued which rescinded the Cole Memo. The Sessions Memo stated, in part, that current law reflects Congress 
determination that cannabis is a dangerous drug and cannabis activity is a serious crime, and Mr. Sessions directed all U.S.
Attorneys to enforce the laws enacted by Congress by following well-established principles when pursuing prosecutions related to cannabis
activities. The Company is not aware of any prosecutions of investment companies doing routine business with licensed marijuana related
businesses in light of the DOJ position following issuance of the Sessions Memo. However, there can be no assurance that the federal government
will not enforce federal laws relating to cannabis in the future. As a result of the Sessions Memo, federal prosecutors are now free to
utilize their prosecutorial discretion to decide whether to prosecute cannabis activities, despite the existence of state-level laws that
may be inconsistent with federal prohibitions. No direction was given to federal prosecutors in the Sessions Memo as to the priority they
should ascribe to such cannabis activities, and thus it is uncertain how active U.S. federal prosecutors will be in relation to such activities. 

Federal prosecutors appear to continue to use
the Cole Memo s priorities as an enforcement guide. Merrick Garland, who became Attorney General on March 10, 2021, has indicated
that he would deprioritize enforcement of low-level cannabis crimes such as possession, and has shared his view that the government
should focus on large-scale criminal enterprises that circumvent state legalization laws instead of going after people who abide by local
cannabis policies. The Company believes it is too soon to determine what prosecutorial effects will be created by the rescission of the
Cole Memo or any replacement thereof and when or if the Sessions Memo will be rescinded. To date, there has been no new federal cannabis
memoranda issued by the Biden Administration or any published change in federal enforcement policy. Regardless, U.S. federal government
has always reserved the right to enforce federal law regarding the sale and disbursement of medical or recreational marijuana, even if
state law sanctioned such sale and disbursement. Although the rescission of the Cole Memo does not necessarily indicate that marijuana
industry prosecutions are now affirmatively a priority for the DOJ, there can be no assurance that the U.S. federal government will not
enforce such laws in the future. The sheer size of the cannabis industry, however, in addition to participation by state and local governments
and investors, suggests that a large-scale federal enforcement operation would more than likely create unwanted political backlash for
the DOJ and the current administration. Regardless, at this time, cannabis remains a Schedule I controlled substance at the federal level.
It is unclear whether the risk of enforcement has been altered. 

One legislative safeguard for the medical cannabis
industry, appended to the federal budget bill, remains in place following the rescission of the Cole Memo. For several years, Congress
has adopted a so-called rider provision to the Consolidated Appropriations Act (formerly referred to as the Rohrabacher-Farr
Amendment and currently referred to as the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer Amendment) to prevent the federal government from using congressionally
appropriated funds to enforce federal cannabis laws against regulated medical cannabis actors operating in compliance with state and
local law. Despite the rescission of the Cole Memo, the DOJ appears to continue to adhere to the enforcement priorities set forth in
the Cole Memo. 

The Cole Memo and the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer
Amendment gave licensed cannabis operators (particularly medical cannabis operators) and investors in states with legal regimes greater
certainty regarding the DOJ s enforcement priorities and the risk of operating cannabis businesses. While the Sessions Memo has
introduced some uncertainty regarding federal enforcement, the cannabis industry continues to experience growth in legal medical and
adult use markets across the United States. When she was a U.S. Senator, Vice President Kamala Harris was the lead sponsor of the Marijuana
Opportunity, Reinvestment, and Expungement (MORE) Act, which seeks to end the federal prohibition of marijuana, among other things, but
in March 2020, it was reported that Vice President Harris has adopted the same position as President Biden, who opposes legalization.
Currently, there is no guarantee that state laws legalizing and regulating the sale and use of cannabis will remain in place or that
local governmental authorities will not limit the applicability of state laws within their respective jurisdictions. Unless and until
the U.S. Congress amends the CSA with respect to cannabis (and as to the timing or scope of any such potential amendments there can be
no assurance), there is a risk that federal authorities may enforce current U.S. federal law criminalizing cannabis. 

18 

Although the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that
it is the federal government that has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, and federal law criminalizing the use of marijuana
preempts state laws that legalize its use, cannabis is largely regulated at the state level. 

State laws that permit and regulate the production,
distribution and use of cannabis for adult use or medical purposes are in direct conflict with the CSA, which makes cannabis use and
possession federally illegal. Although certain states and territories of the U.S. authorize medical and/or adult use cannabis production
and distribution by licensed or registered entities, under U.S. federal law, the possession, use, cultivation and transfer of cannabis
and any related drug paraphernalia is illegal, and any such acts are criminal acts under federal law under any and all circumstances
under the CSA. Although the Company s activities are believed to be compliant with applicable state and local laws, strict compliance
with state and local laws with respect to cannabis may neither absolve the Company of liability under U.S. federal law, nor may it provide
a defense to any federal proceeding which may be brought against the Company. 

Many states and U.S. territories have legalized the medical and/or
adult use of cannabis. We will continue to monitor compliance on an ongoing basis in accordance with our compliance program and standard
operating procedures. While our operations are in full compliance with all applicable state laws, regulations and licensing requirements,
such activities remain illegal under federal law. Accordingly, there are significant risks associated with our business. 

Owners of properties located in close proximity
to our properties may assert claims against us regarding the use of the property as a marijuana dispensary or marijuana cultivation and
processing facility, which if successful, could materially and adversely affect our business. 

Owners of properties located in close proximity
to our properties may assert claims against us regarding the use of our properties as cannabis dispensaries or for cannabis cultivation
and processing, including assertions that the use of the property constitutes a nuisance that diminishes the market value of such owner s
nearby property. Such property owners may also attempt to assert such a claim in federal court as a civil matter under the Racketeer
Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. If a property owner were to assert such a claim against us, we may be required to devote significant
resources and costs to defending ourselves against such a claim, and if a property owner were to be successful on such a claim, our tenants
may be unable to continue to operate their business in its current form at the property, which could materially adversely impact the
tenant s business and the value of our property, our business and financial results and the trading price of our securities. 

We and our tenants may have difficulty
accessing the services of banks, which may make it difficult to contract for real estate needs. 

Financial transactions involving proceeds generated
by marijuana-related conduct can form the basis for prosecution under the federal money laundering statutes, unlicensed money transmitter
statute and the Bank Secrecy Act. Previous guidance issued by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a division of the U.S. Department
of the Treasury FinCEN ), clarifies how financial institutions can provide services to marijuana-related businesses consistent
with their obligations under the Bank Secrecy Act. Prior to the DOJ s announcement in 2018 of the rescission of the Cole Memo and
related memoranda, supplemental guidance from the DOJ directed federal prosecutors to consider the federal enforcement priorities enumerated
in the Cole Memo when determining whether to charge institutions or individuals with any of the financial crimes described above based
upon marijuana-related activity. 

Consequently, those businesses involved in the
marijuana industry continue to encounter difficulty establishing banking relationships, which may increase over time. Our inability to
maintain our current bank accounts would make it difficult for us to operate our business, increase our operating costs, and pose additional
operational, logistical and security challenges and could result in our inability to implement our business plan. 

The inability of our current and potential tenants
to open accounts and continue using the services of banks will limit their ability to enter into triple-net lease arrangements with us
or may result in their default under our lease agreements, either of which could materially harm our business and the trading price of
our securities. 

19 

Laws and regulations affecting the regulated
cannabis and marijuana industry are constantly changing, which could materially adversely affect our operations, and we cannot predict
the impact that future regulations may have on us. 

Local, state and federal marijuana laws and regulations
are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance
or alter our business plan. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and
result in a material adverse effect on its operations. In addition, it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that
will be directly applicable to our proposed business. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or
applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and
if promulgated, could have on our business. 

FDA regulation of marijuana and the possible
registration of facilities where medical marijuana is grown could negatively affect the marijuana industry, which would directly affect
our financial condition. 

Should the federal government legalize marijuana
for medical use, it is possible that the FDA would seek to regulate it under the Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of 1938. Additionally,
the FDA may issue rules and regulations including cGMPs (certified good manufacturing practices) related to the growth, cultivation,
harvesting and processing of medical marijuana. Clinical trials may be needed to verify efficacy and safety. It is also possible that
the FDA would require that facilities where medical marijuana is grown be registered with the FDA and comply with certain federally prescribed
regulations. In the event that some or all of these regulations are imposed, we do not know what the impact would be on the medical marijuana
industry, what costs, requirements and possible prohibitions may be enforced. If we or our tenants are unable to comply with the regulations
and or registration as prescribed by the FDA, we and or our tenants may be unable to continue to operate their and our business in its
current form or at all. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB,
which may limit the liquidity and price of our common stock more than if our common stock were listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market or another
national exchange. 

Our securities are currently quoted on the OTCQB,
an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities. Quotation of our securities on the OTCQB may limit the liquidity and
price of our securities more than if our securities were listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market NASDAQ or another national
exchange. As an OTCQB company, we do not attract the extensive analyst coverage that accompanies companies listed on national securities
exchanges. Further, institutional and other investors may have investment guidelines that restrict or prohibit investing in securities
traded on the OTCQB. These factors may have an adverse impact on the trading and price of our common stock. 

The trading price of our common stock may
decrease due to factors beyond our control. 

The stock market from time to time has experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations, which have particularly affected the market prices for smaller reporting companies and which often
have been unrelated to the operating performance of the companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price
of our common stock. If our shareholders sell substantial amounts of their common stock in the public market, the price of our common
stock could fall. These sales also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity, or equity-related securities, in the future at
a price we deem appropriate. 

20 

The market price of our common stock may also
fluctuate significantly in response to the following factors, most of which are beyond our control: 

variations
in our quarterly operating results, 

changes
in general economic conditions and in the real estate industry, 

changes
in market valuations of similar companies, 

announcements
by us or our competitors of significant new contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures, or capital commitments, 

loss
of a major customer, partner or joint venture participant and 

the
addition or loss of key managerial and collaborative personnel. 

Any such fluctuations may adversely affect the
market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. As a result, stockholders may be unable to sell their
shares, or may be forced to sell them at a loss. 

The market price for our common shares
is particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly traded public float, limited operating
history and lack of profits which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable to sell your common shares at
or above your purchase price, which may result in substantial losses to you. 

The market for our common shares is characterized
by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile
than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The volatility in our share price is attributable to a number of factors. First, as
noted above, our common shares are sporadically and thinly traded. As a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively
small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price
for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously in the event that a large number of our common shares are sold on the market
without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer which could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share
price. Secondly, we are a speculative or risky investment due to our limited operating history and lack of profits to date.
As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in
the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts
than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market
price of our common shares, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing
market price for our common shares will be at any time, including as to whether our common shares will sustain their current market prices,
or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability of common shares for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market
price. 

Our preferred stockholders together have
voting control, which will limit your ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 

Each of our preferred stockholders beneficially
owns 1,000,000 shares of our preferred stock. Each share of preferred stock entitles the holder to 50 votes per share. In contrast, each
share of our common stock has one vote per share. Each of our two preferred stockholders holds approximately 45.5 and 45.8 of the voting
power of our outstanding capital stock, respectively. Because of the 50-to-1 voting ratio between our preferred stock and our common
stock, our preferred stockholders together control a majority of the combined voting power of our capital stock and therefore are able
to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. The preferred stockholders may also have interests that differ from
yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interests. This concentrated control may have the
effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of our company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our common stock. 

21 

We may face continuing challenges in complying
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and any failure to comply or any adverse result from management s evaluation of our internal control
over financial reporting may have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

As a smaller reporting company as defined in
Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we are required to evaluate our internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Section 404 requires
us to include an internal control report with our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The report must include management s assessment of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year. This report must also include disclosure
of any material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that we have identified. 

Failure to comply, or any adverse results from such evaluation, could
result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on the trading price of our equity securities.
Management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 were not effective. Management realizes
there are deficiencies in the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely affect our internal
controls, and management considers such deficiencies to be material weaknesses. As of the end of our 2022 fiscal year, management identified
the following material weaknesses: 

we
had not implemented comprehensive entity-level internal controls; 

we
had not implemented adequate system and manual controls; and 

we
did not have sufficient segregation of duties. 

Achieving continued compliance with Section 404
may require us to incur significant costs and expend significant time and management resources. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to fully comply with Section 404 or that we will be able to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective
at fiscal year-end. As a result, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have an adverse effect
on the trading price of our securities. 

We have never paid dividends on our common
stock and cannot guarantee that we will pay dividends to our stockholders in the future. 

We have never paid dividends on our common stock.
For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain our future earnings, if any, in order to reinvest in the development and growth of our
business and, therefore, do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. However, in the future, our board of directors may declare
dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will
depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and such other factors as our board of directors deems
relevant. Accordingly, investors may need to sell their shares of our common stock to realize a return on their investment, and they
may not be able to sell such shares at or above the price paid for them. We cannot guarantee that we will pay dividends to our stockholders
in the future. 

Our common stock is a penny stock 
under SEC rules. It may be more difficult to resell securities classified as penny stock. 

Our common stock is considered a penny
stock under applicable SEC rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded stock with a per-share price below 5.00). Unless we
maintain a per-share price above 5.00, these rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the
purchase or sale of penny stocks to persons other than those who qualify as established customers or accredited
investors. For example, broker-dealers must determine the appropriateness for non-qualifying persons of investments in penny stocks.
Broker-dealers must also provide, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized risk disclosure
document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the
customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, disclose the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
in the transaction, furnish monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account,
provide a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s
written agreement to the transaction. 

22 

Legal remedies available to an investor in penny
stocks may include the following: 

If
a penny stock is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above, or other federal or states securities
laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. 

If
a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms that
committed the fraud for damages. 

However, investors who have signed arbitration
agreements may have to pursue their claims through arbitration. 

These requirements may have the effect of reducing
the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that is or becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The
additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our
securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability
of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect your ability to resell our common stock. 

Many brokerage firms will discourage or refrain
from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most institutional investors will not invest in penny stocks. In addition, many individual
investors will not invest in penny stocks due, among other reasons, to the increased financial risk generally associated with these investments. 

For these reasons, penny stocks may have a limited
market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no assurance that our common stock will not be classified as a penny
stock in the future. 

Rule 144 Related Risks 

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially
owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months is entitled to sell his or her securities provided that: (i) such
person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, (ii)
we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least 90 days before the sale and (iii) if the sale occurs
prior to satisfaction of a one-year holding period, we provide current information at the time of sale. 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted
shares of our common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months
preceding a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month
period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: 

1 
of the total number of securities of the same class then outstanding; or 

the
average weekly trading volume of such securities during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect
to the sale; 

provided , in each case that we are subject
to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Such sales by affiliates must also comply
with the manner of sale, current public information and notice provisions of Rule 144. 

In addition, as a former shell company, we are
subject to additional restrictions. Historically, the SEC staff has taken the position that Rule 144 is not available for the resale
of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, shell companies, such as Zoned Properties. Rule 144 is not
available for resale of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer
that has been at any time previously a shell company. The SEC has provided an exception to this prohibition, however, if the following
conditions are met: 

The
issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company, 

The
issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, 

The
issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12
months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than current reports on Form 8-K,
and 

At
least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting its status as
an entity that is not a shell company. 

23 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

This Item 1B is not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive office is currently located
at 8360 E. Raintree Drive, #230, Scottsdale, AZ 85260. On March 15, 2022, we entered to an Assumption of Lease and Consent Agreement
with a landlord, whereby the landlord consented to the assignment of an office lease, as amended, from the original tenant to the Company.
The lease term shall begin on March 15, 2022 and expire on November 30, 2024, provided the Company has the option to extend the lease
for an additional five years. The monthly base rent is 2,932 per month through November 30, 2022, 3,005 from December 1, 2022 through
November 30, 2023, and 3,078 from December 1, 2023 through November 30, 2024. 

We are in the business of property acquisition,
development, and commercial leasing and intend to primarily structure lease agreements with prospective tenants using a triple-net lease
model. The property portfolio currently includes (i) land and real property constructed in Green Valley, Arizona, (ii) land and real
property in Kingman, Arizona, (iii) land and real property in Tempe Arizona, (iv) land and real property of approximately 47 acres in
Chino Valley, Arizona, and (v) land and real property in Pleasant Ridge, Michigan. The properties in Tempe, Green Valley, Kingman, and
Chino Valley, Arizona, and Pleasant Ridge, Michigan are currently leasing space to tenants that operate licensed cannabis facilities.
On June 1, 2021, we closed on the sale of our vacant land located in Gilbert, AZ for an aggregate purchase price of 335,000. In connection
with the sale, we received net proceeds of 322,332 and recorded a gain on sale of rental property of 51,944. As of December 31, 2022,
each of our leased properties was generating revenue. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no pending or threatened legal or administrative
actions pending or threatened against us that we believe would have a material effect on our business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

24 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB, operated
by the OTC Markets Group, under the symbol ZDPY. Trading in OTCQB stocks can be volatile, sporadic and risky, as thinly
traded stocks tend to move more rapidly in price than more liquid securities. Such trading may also depress the market price of our common
stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their common stock. 

The following table reflects the high and low
closing price for our common stock for the period indicated. The bid information was obtained from the OTC Markets Group, Inc. and reflects
inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.85 
 0.57 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.77 
 0.57 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.84 
 0.53 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.83 
 0.50 

December 31, 2021 
 0.94 
 0.71 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.95 
 0.47 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.70 
 0.47 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 1.00 
 0.29 

On March 27, 2023, the closing price of our common stock on the OTCQB
was [ ] per share. 

25 

Holders of Common Stock 

As of March 28, 2023, there were approximately 103 record holders of
our common stock. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of
banks, brokers, nominees or other fiduciaries. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

On August 9, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized
the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan and reserved 10,000,000 shares of common stock for issuance thereunder.
The 2016 Plan s purpose is to encourage ownership in the Company by employees, officers, directors and consultants whose long-term
service the Company considers essential to its continued progress and, thereby, encourage recipients to act in the stockholders 
interest and share in the Company s success. The 2016 Plan authorizes the grant of awards in the form of options intended to qualify
as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), options that do not qualify (non-statutory
stock options) and grants of restricted shares of common stock. Restricted shares granted pursuant to the 2016 Plan are amortized to
expense over the three-year vesting period. Options vest and expire over a period not to exceed seven years. If any share of common stock
underlying a stock option that has been granted ceases to be subject to a stock option, or if any shares of common stock that are subject
to any other stock-based award granted are forfeited or terminate, such shares shall again be available for distribution in connection
with future grants and awards under the 2016 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, 1,102,500 stock option awards have been granted under the
2016 Plan. On December 31, 2022, 8,897,500 shares are available for future issuance. 

The Company also continues to maintain its 2014
Equity Compensation Plan (the 2014 Plan ), pursuant to which 1,250,000 previously awarded stock options are outstanding.
The 2014 Plan has been superseded by the 2016 Plan. Accordingly, no additional shares subject to the existing 2014 Plan will be issued
and the 1,250,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options will be issued pursuant to the 2014 Plan, if exercised. As of December
31, 2022, options to purchase 1,250,000 shares of common stock are outstanding pursuant to the 2014 Plan. 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

General 

Outstanding Shares and Holders 

As of March 28, 2023, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000
shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, 12,201,548 of which were issued and outstanding, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, 0.001 par value per share, 2,000,000 of which were issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock 

Holders of the Company s common stock are
entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting
rights. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that our board of directors, in its discretion,
declares from legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its
holder to participate pro rata in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if
any, having preference over the common stock. The Company s common stock has no pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights and there
are no redemption provisions applicable to the Company s common stock. 

26 

Preferred Stock 

Our articles of incorporation, as amended, authorizes
our board of directors, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder approval, to establish and to issue
from time to time one or more classes or series of preferred stock. Each class or series of preferred stock will cover the number of
shares and will have the powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions determined by the board of directors,
which may include, among others, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, voting rights, conversion rights, preemptive rights and redemption
rights. Except as provided by law or in a preferred stock designation, the holders of preferred stock will not be entitled to vote at
or receive notice of any meeting of stockholders. 

The certificate of designation for the preferred
stock provides that the shares are not convertible into any other class or series of stock. Holders of preferred shares are entitled
to 50 votes for each share held. Voting rights are not subject to adjustment for splits that increase or decrease the common shares outstanding.
Upon liquidation, holders of preferred stock will be entitled to receive 1.00 per share plus redemption provision before assets are
distributed to other stockholders. Holders of preferred shares are entitled to dividends equal to common share dividends. Once any shares
of preferred stock are outstanding, at least 51 of the total number of shares of preferred stock outstanding must approve the following
transactions: 

alteration
 of the rights, preferences of privileges of the preferred stock, 

creation
 of any new class of stock having preferences over the preferred stock, 

repurchase
 of any of our common stock, 

merger
 of consolidation with any other company, other than one of our wholly owned subsidiaries, 

sale,
 conveyance or other disposal of, or creation or incurrence of any mortgage, lien, or charge or encumbrance or security interest in
 or pledge of, or sale and leaseback of, all or substantially all of our property or business, or 

incurrence,
 assumption or guarantee of any indebtedness maturing more than 18 months after the date on which it is incurred, assumed or guaranteed
 by us, except for operating leases and obligations assumed as part of the purchase price of property. 

Holders of a majority of the voting power of
our capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at
any meeting of stockholders. A vote by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental
corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or an amendment to our articles of incorporation. 

Holders of preferred shares vote along with common
stockholders on each matter submitted to a vote of security holders. As a result of the multiple votes accorded to holders of the preferred
stock, Greg Johnston and Alex McLaren have the ability to control the outcome of all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including
the election of directors. On those matters that require the approval of at least 51 of the preferred stock, both Mr. Johnston and Mr.
McLaren must provide their approval inasmuch as each of them owns 50 of the outstanding preferred stock. 

Dividends 

Historically, we have not paid any cash dividends
on our common stock. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest cash
flow and earnings, if any, in our business operations. However, in the future, our board of directors may declare dividends on our common
stock. Payment of future dividends on our common stock, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on,
among other things, our results of operations, cash requirements and surplus, financial condition, contractual restrictions and other
factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, the agreements into which we may enter in the future, including indebtedness,
may impose limitations on our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions on our capital stock. We cannot guarantee that we
will pay dividends to our stockholders in the future. Holders of preferred shares are entitled to dividends equal to common share dividends. 

27 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of Our Articles of
Incorporation, as Amended, and Our Bylaws 

These provisions, summarized below, are expected
to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking
to acquire control of us to first negotiate with us. We believe that the benefits of increased protection and our potential ability to
negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging
these proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Preferred Stock. Our articles of incorporation,
as amended, authorize our board of directors to issue from time to time any series of preferred stock and fix the voting powers, designation,
powers, preferences and rights of the shares of such series of preferred stock. 

Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders.
 Our bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board or the chief executive
officer, and shall be called by the chairman of the board or the secretary (i) when so directed by the board, or (ii) at the written
request of stockholders owning shares representing at least 25 of voting power in the election of directors. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder
Proposals and Director Nominations. Our bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before
a meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to the board of directors. 

Removal of Directors; Vacancies. Our bylaws
provide that a director may be removed from office by stockholders for cause, or without cause by a majority vote of the stockholders.
A vacancy on the board of directors may be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results 

This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC encourages companies to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand a company s
future prospects and make informed investment decisions. This annual report on Form 10-K and other written and oral statements that we
make from time to time contain such forward-looking statements that set out anticipated results based on management s plans and
assumptions regarding future events or performance. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such
as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, 
 believe, will and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial
performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated
sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results. Factors that could cause our
actual results of operations and financial condition to differ materially are set forth in the Risk Factors section of
this annual report on Form 10-K. 

We caution that these factors could cause our
actual results of operations and financial condition to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements we make
and that investors should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks
only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect
events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events
or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of such factors. Further, we cannot
assess the impact of each such factor on our results of operations or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

28 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

Zoned Properties, Inc. Zoned Properties 
or the Company ), was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 25, 2003. In October 2013, the Company changed its
name to Zoned Properties, Inc. and in April 2014, the Company shifted its business model to address commercial real estate in the regulated
cannabis industry. The Company is a real estate development firm for emerging and highly regulated industries, including legalized cannabis.
The Company is redefining the approach to commercial real estate investment through its integrated growth services. Headquartered in
Scottsdale, Arizona, Zoned Properties has developed a full spectrum of integrated growth services to support its real estate development
model; the Company s Property Technology, Advisory Services, Commercial Brokerage, and Investment Portfolio collectively cross-pollinate
within the model to drive project value associated with complex real estate projects. With national experience and a team of experts
devoted to the emerging cannabis industry, Zoned Properties is addressing the specific needs of a modern market in highly regulated industries.
Zoned Properties is an accredited member of the Better Business Bureau, the U.S. Green Building Council, and the Forbes Business Council.
The Company does not grow, harvest, sell or distribute cannabis or any substances regulated under United States law such as the Controlled
Substance Act of 1970, as amended (the CSA ). 

We operate our business in two reportable segments
consisting of (i) the operations, leasing and management of its leased commercial properties (the Property Investment Portfolio 
segment), and (ii) advisory and brokerage services related to commercial properties (the Real Estate Services segment).
We are in the process of developing and expanding multiple business divisions, including a property technology division, a property advisory
division, a commercial brokerage division, and a property investment portfolio division focused on acquisitions to expand our property
holdings. Each of these operating divisions is an important element of the overall business development strategy for long-term growth.
We believe in the value of building relationships with clients and local communities to position the Company for long-term portfolio
and revenue growth backed by sophisticated, safe, and sustainable assets and clients. 

The core of our business involves identifying
and developing commercial properties that intend to operate within highly regulated industries, including the regulated and legalized
cannabis industry. Within highly regulated industries, local municipalities typically develop strict regulations, including zoning and
permitting requirements related to commercial real estate, that dictate the specific locations and parameters under which regulated properties
can operate. These regulations often include complex permitting processes and can include non-standard codes governing each location;
for example, restricting a regulated property or facility from operating within a certain distance of any parks, schools, churches, or
residential districts, or restricting a regulated property from operating outside a defined set of hours of operation. When an organization
can collaborate with local representatives, a proactive set of rules and regulations can be established and followed to meet the needs
of both the regulated operators and the local community. 

The Company currently maintains a portfolio of
properties that we own, develop, and lease. We lease land and/or building space at all five of the properties in our portfolio. All of
the properties are leased to licensed and regulated cannabis tenants and are located in areas with established zoning and permitting
procedures. Three of the leased properties are zoned and permitted as licensed and regulated cannabis dispensaries, and two of the leased
properties are zoned and permitted as licensed and regulated cannabis cultivation and processing facilities. Each regulated property
may undergo a non-standard development process. Various development requirements in this process may include initial property identification,
zoning authorization, and permitting guidance in order to qualify a commercial property for subsequent architectural design, utility
installation, construction and development, property management, facilities management systems, and security system installation. 

29 

As of March 28, 2023, a summary of rental properties owned by us consisted
of the following: 

Location 
 Tempe, 
AZ 
 Chino Valley, 
 AZ 
 Green Valley, 
 AZ 
 Kingman, 
 AZ 
 Pleasant Ridge, 
 MI 

Description 
 Industrial 
 /Office 
 Greenhouse/ 
 Nursery 
 Retail 
 (special use) 
 Retail 
 (special use) 
 Retail 
 (special use) 

Current Use 
 Cannabis 
 Facility 
 Cannabis 
 Facility 
 Cannabis 
 Dispensary 
 Cannabis 
 Dispensary 
 Cannabis 
 Dispensary 

Date Acquired 
 March 2014 
 August 2015 
 October 2014 
 May 2014 
 Dec 2022/ Feb 2023 

Lease Start Date 
 May 2018 
 May 2018 
 May 2018 
 May 2018 
 December 2022 

Lease End Date 
 April 2040 
 April 2040 
 April 2040 
 April 2040 
 March 2037 

Total No. of Tenants 
 1 
 1 
 1 
 1 
 1 

Portfolio 
Total 
 
 Land Area (Acres) 
 3.65 
 47.60 
 1.33 
 0.32 
 0.56 
 53.66 

Land Area (Sq. Feet) 
 158,772 
 2,072,149 
 57,769 
 13,939 
 24,306 
 2,326,935 

Undeveloped Land Area (Sq. Feet) 
 - 
 1,782,563 
 - 
 6,878 
 - 
 1,789,441 

Developed Land Area (Sq. Feet) 
 158,772 
 289,586 
 57,769 
 7,061 
 24,306 
 537,494 

Total Rentable Building Sq. Ft. 
 60,000 
 97,312 
 1,440 
 1,497 
 17,192 
 177,441 

Vacant Rentable Sq. Ft. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Sq. Ft. rented as of March 28, 2023 
 60,000 
 97,312 
 1,440 
 1,497 
 17,192 
 177,441 

Annual Base Rent , 

2023 
 610,053 
 1,050,970 
 42,000 
 48,000 
 403,188 
 2,154,211 
 
 2024 
 610,053 
 1,050,970 
 42,000 
 48,000 
 494,712 
 2,245,735 
 
 2025 
 610,053 
 1,050,970 
 42,000 
 48,000 
 509,553 
 2,260,576 
 
 2026 
 598,589 
 1,050,970 
 42,000 
 48,000 
 524,840 
 2,264,399 
 
 2027 
 590,400 
 1,050,970 
 42,000 
 48,000 
 540,585 
 2,271,955 
 
 Thereafter 
 7,281,600 
 12,961,958 
 518,000 
 592,000 
 5,834,246 
 27,187,804 
 
 Total 
 10,300,748 
 18,216,808 
 728,000 
 832,000 
 8,307,124 
 38,384,680 

Annual
 base rent represents amount of cash payments due from tenants. 

For
 Tempe, AZ, table includes rental income generated from the lease of parking lot space used by a third party as an antenna location. 

Annualized per Rented Sq. Ft. (Base Rent) 

Year 
 Tempe, 
AZ 
 Chino Valley, 
AZ 
 Green Valley, 
AZ 
 Kingman, 
AZ 
 Pleasant Ridge, 
MI 
 
 2023 
 9.8 
 10.8 
 29.2 
 32.1 
 23.5 
 
 2024 
 9.8 
 10.8 
 29.2 
 32.1 
 28.8 
 
 2025 
 9.8 
 10.8 
 29.2 
 32.1 
 29.6 
 
 2026 
 9.8 
 10.8 
 29.2 
 32.1 
 30.5 
 
 2027 
 9.8 
 10.8 
 29.2 
 32.1 
 31.4 

The Company focused heavily on the growth of
a diversified revenue stream in 2022 and is moving to take advantage of new opportunities in 2023 and beyond. We intend to accomplish
this by prospecting new real estate services across the country for private, public, and municipal clients. We believe that strategic
real estate services are likely to emerge as the growth engine for Zoned Properties. 

30 

Pursuant to lease agreements with a Significant
Tenant, from the period from May 31, 2020 through September 30, 2022, a Significant Tenant invested a combined total of at least 8,000,000
improvements in and to the properties in Chino Valley. The increase in the rentable area of the leased premises resulted in an increase
in all amounts calculated based on the same, including, without limitation, base rent. 

Results of Operations 

The following comparative analysis on results
of operations was based primarily on the comparative financial statements, footnotes and related information for the periods identified
below and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, which are included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. The results discussed below are for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the Years Ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
revenues by reportable business segments were as follows: 

Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Property investment portfolio: 

Rental revenues 
 1,795,719 
 1,261,059 

Real estate services: 

Advisory revenues 
 244,750 
 146,031 
 
 Brokerage revenues 
 619,621 
 413,395 
 
 Total real estate services revenues 
 864,371 
 559,426 
 
 Total revenues 
 2,660,090 
 1,820,485 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, total revenues
amounted to 2,660,090, including Significant Tenants revenues of 1,776,284, as compared to 1,820,485, including Significant Tenant
revenues of 1,255,130, for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 839,605, or 46.1 . 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the increase
in revenues was attributable to an increase in rental revenue from our tenant of 534,660, an increase in brokerage revenue of 206,226
related to commission earned on real estate listings, and an increase in advisory revenues of 98,719. For the year ended December 31,
2022, the increase in rental revenues as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable to an increase in rental revenue
from our Chino Valley property related to a fourth amendment to our lease agreement in connection with an increase in rentable square
footage, and due to the signing of a new lease with our new tenant at our recently acquired property located in Pleasant Ridge, Michigan
which began on December 1, 2022. All of the Company s real estate properties are leased under triple-net leases to the Significant
Tenants. 

Operating expenses 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating
expenses amounted to 2,769,041 as compared to 1,775,785 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 993,256, or 55.9 . For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, operating expenses consisted of the following: 

Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Compensation and benefits 
 1,232,414 
 488,607 
 
 Professional fees 
 352,643 
 397,877 
 
 Brokerage fees 
 431,029 
 265,208 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 275,862 
 201,625 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 360,493 
 386,643 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 116,912 
 87,769 
 
 Gain on sale of rental property 
 (312 
 (51,944 
 
 Total 
 2,769,041 
 1,775,785 

31 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2022, compensation and benefit expense increased by 743,807, or 152.2 , as compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2021. The increase was attributable to an increase in compensation and benefits of 515,232 and an increase in stock-based
 compensation of 228,575, related to the addition of multiple new full-time and part-time team members. The increase in stock-based
 compensation was from the accretion of stock option expense offset by a decrease in the value of common shares issued for services.
 During the second quarter of 2022, we began to hire additional staff related to the diversification of our real estate services for
 the expansion of both advisory services and brokerage services. 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2022, professional fees decreased by 45,234, or 11.4 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021.
 This decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in consulting fees of 87,366 due to the hiring of certain consultants that
 are now employees, offset by an increase in accounting fees of 5,763, an increase in legal fees of 13,942, and an increase in public
 relations fees of 22,255. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded brokerage
fees amounting to 431,029 and 265,208, respectively, representing an increase of 165,821, or 62.5 , from 2021 to 2022. Brokerage fees
occur as the result of various percentage-based commission splits we pay to our licensed brokerage team members who participate in various
real estate listing transactions. 

General
 and administrative expenses consist of expenses such as rent expense, insurance expense, insurance expense, travel expenses, office
 expenses, telephone and internet expenses, advertising and marketing expense, and other general operating expenses. For the year
 ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses increased by 74,237, or 36.8 , as compared to the year ended December
 31, 2021. These increases were primarily attributable to an increase in operating activities related to our real estate services
 segment. 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2022, depreciation expense decreased by 26,150, or 6.8 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021.
 This decrease was related to the decrease in amortization of intangible assets which were fully amortized. 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2022, real estate taxes increased by 29,143, or 33.2 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021.
 This increase was attributable to an increase in assessed real taxes associated with improvements made on our Chino Valley property, 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain from sale of property and equipment of 312. For the year ended December 31,
 2021, we recorded a gain from sale of our Gilbert property of 51,944. 

(Loss) income from operations 

As a result of the factors described above, for
the year ended December 31, 2022, loss from operations amounted to (108,951) as compared to income from operations of 44,700 for the
year ended December 31, 2021, a negative change of 153,651, or 343.7 . 

Other (expenses) income 

Other (expense) income primarily includes interest expense incurred
on debt with third parties and a related party and also includes other income (expense). For the year ended December 31, 2022, total other
expenses, net amounted to 465,404 as compared to total other expenses, net of 210,519, respectively, representing an increase of 254,885,
or 121.1 . This increase was attributable to the recording of a loss on note receivable investment of 210,756 that was deemed uncollectible,
the recording of a change in fair value loss from an interest rate swap of 90,237 in connection with our bank note payable, and an increase
in interest expense of 39,950 primarily related to an increase in notes payable. These increases were offset by a decrease in loss from
unconsolidated joint ventures of 11,215 and a decrease in impairment loss from unconsolidated joint venture of 73,970 which was recorded
in 2021. 

Net loss 

As a result of the foregoing, for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, net loss amounted to 574,355, or 0.05 per common share (basic and diluted), and 165,819, or 0.01 per
common share (basic and diluted), respectively. 

32 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts
of cash to meet its needs for cash requirements. We had cash of 4,335,840 and 1,191,940 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Our primary uses of cash have been for compensation
and benefits, fees paid to third parties for professional services, real estate taxes, general and administrative expenses, and the development
of rental properties and other lines of business. All funds received have been expended in the furtherance of growing the business. We
receive funds from the collection of rental income and advisory fees. The following trends are reasonably likely to result in changes
in our liquidity over the near to long term: 

An
 increase in working capital requirements to finance our current business, 

Addition
 of administrative and sales personnel as the business grows, 

The
 cost of being a public company, 

An
 increase in investments in joint ventures and other projects, and 

An
 increase in investments in rental property. 

We may need to raise additional funds, particularly
if we are unable to continue to generate positive cash flows from our operations. We estimate that based on current plans and assumptions,
that our available cash will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements under our present operating expectations for the next 12
months from the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. Other than revenue received from the lease of our rental properties, from advisory
fees, and from brokerage revenues, and from a bank note, we presently have no other significant alternative source of working capital. 

We have used these funds to fund our operating
expenses, pay our obligations, acquire and develop rental properties, invest in joint ventures and notes receivable, and to grow our
company. We may need to raise significant additional capital or debt financing to acquire new properties, to develop existing properties,
to assure we have sufficient working capital for our ongoing operations and debt obligations, and to invest in new joint venture and
other projects. 

As discussed elsewhere, during the year ended
December 31, 2021, we contributed 86,000 to the Beakon joint venture and we contributed 90,000 to the Zoneomics Green joint venture.
Additionally, on December 31, 2021, we recorded an other-than-temporary impairment loss of 73,970 because it was determined that the
fair value of our equity method investment in Beakon was less than its carrying value. Based on management s evaluation, it was
determined that due to market conditions and lack of committed funding, our ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment
in Beakon was impaired as of December 31, 2021. 

East West Bank Swap and Amended Note 

On July 11, 2022, Zoned Arizona entered into
a Loan Agreement (the Loan Agreement ), dated as of July 11, 2022, by and between Zoned Arizona and East West Bank (the
 Bank ). Pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, subject to and upon the satisfaction of the terms and conditions of
the Loan Agreement, Zoned Arizona could request advances under a multiple access loan MAL during the MAL. On July 11,
2022, in connection with the Loan Agreement, Zoned Arizona paid loan and other fees of 176,472, and in connection with the First Amendment
to the Loan Agreement discussed below, paid additional fees of 8,124. These loan and other fees aggregating 184,596 are reflected as
a debt discount and are being amortized ratably and charged to interest expense over the term of the related debt. 

The proceeds of each advance under the MAL may
be used by Zoned Arizona to refinance the real property at 410 S. Madison Drive, Tempe, AZ 85251 (the Property or to conduct
certain acts related to the acquisition, improvement and maintenance of real property. On termination of the MAL, all unpaid principal,
unpaid and accrued interest, and all other amounts due under the MAL will be immediately due and payable. 

33 

The Loan Agreement contains representations,
warranties and covenants customary for a transaction of this type. Among other things, the Loan Agreement provides as follows: (a) upon
the occurrence of an event of default, the outstanding principal balance of the MAL will not at any time exceed 65 of the Property s
most recent appraised value; (b) upon the occurrence of an event of default, Zoned Arizona will maintain a minimum Non-Cannabis Debt
Service Coverage Ratio (as hereinafter defined) of 1.40 to 1.00; (c) Zoned Arizona will at all times maintain a minimum debt service
coverage ratio of 1.50 to 1.0; and (d) Zoned Arizona and the Company, collectively, will maintain at all times, liquid assets of at least
the sum of all tenant securities deposits under leases, plus 350,000 in operating reserves. 

All advances under the MAL bear interest at a
variable rate equal to the greater of (a) the prime rate plus 2 , or (b) a floor rate equal to the sum of the prime rate as of July 11,
2022 plus 2.25 . From July 11, 2022 to July 11, 2023, Zoned Arizona agreed to make interest payments on the outstanding principal balance
of the MAL. From and after July 11, 2023 and continuing until July 11, 2028 (the Maturity Date ), Zoned Arizona will pay
principal together with interest on the MAL in 60 monthly installments based on the interest rate set forth in the Note and a principal
amortization schedule of 25 years from July 11, 2023 (or if Zoned Arizona makes the Early Amortization Election, from the date such election
is made). 

Zoned Arizona may prepay the outstanding principal
under the Note, at any time, subject to the provisions of the Note. If Zoned Arizona prepays all, but not less than all, of the outstanding
principal balance of the MAL at any time until July 11, 2023, then Zoned Arizona will also pay a premium equal to 1 of the amount prepaid. 

On December 7, 2022, Zoned Arizona and the Bank
entered into a First Amendment to Loan Agreement (the First Amendment ). Pursuant to the terms of the First Amendment, Zoned
Arizona has elected to make its Early Amortization Election (defined in the First Amendment and Loan Agreement), which election requires
Zoned Arizona to commence paying principal and interest on the MAL as set forth in the Swap Note (defined below). Except as provided
in the First Amendment, the terms of the Loan Agreement remain in full force and effect. Pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement
and First Amendment, on December 7, 2022, Zoned Arizona issued an Amended and Restated Promissory Note (the Swap Note to the Bank. The Swap Note has an original principal amount of 4,500,000, a 50 loan-to-value as determined by the bank-ordered appraisal
completed on the Tempe Property. The Swap Note requires Zoned Arizona to pay monthly principal and interest payments to the Bank at an
interest rate equal to the prime rate plus 0.75 . The Swap Note matures 10 years after its effective date and payments are calculated
based on a 30-year amortization schedule. In connection with the Swap Note, Zoned Arizona received net proceeds of 4,315,404 which is
net of fees of 184,596. 

Zoned Arizona may prepay the outstanding principal
under the Swap Note, at any time, subject to the provisions of the Swap Note. 

Also as previously disclosed, on July 11, 2022
and pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Company executed a Guaranty (the Guaranty in favor of the Bank, pursuant
to which the Company agreed to guarantee all indebtedness of Zoned Arizona to the Bank arising under or in connection with the MAL or
any of the loan documents. On December 7, 2022, the Company executed an Acknowledgement of Amendment and Reaffirmation of Guaranty (the
 Reaffirmation in favor of the Bank. The Reaffirmation reaffirms the Guaranty and provides the Company s consent
to the First Amendment and Swap Note. 

On December 7, 2022, Zoned Arizona and the Bank
entered into an Interest Rate Swap Transaction Confirmation (the Confirmation ). The Confirmation incorporates by reference
the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as if the parties to the Confirmation
executed such agreement in such form. The Confirmation provides the terms and conditions governing the interest rate swap transaction
afforded to Zoned Arizona, including a fixed interest rate of 7.65 . The Company recorded the swap at fair value in the consolidated
balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. The Company has entered into an interest rate swap
to mitigate variability in interest payments on its variable-rate debt. 

On December 31, 2022, principal and interest
due on the East West Bank Swap Note amounted to 4,485,808 and 28,324, respectively. 

34 

Woodward Property Note Payable 

On December 5, 2022, in connection with the acquisition
of the Woodward Property located in Pleasant Ridge, Michigan, the Company entered into a land contact note in the amount of 1,425,000
(the Woodward Property Note Payable ). The Woodward Property Note Payable bears interest at 9 per annum and is due in
full as follows: 

1) 60 monthly payments of principal and interest
 of 12,821 beginning on January 1, 2023, and 

2) A balloon payment of 1,274,117 including
 the remaining principal and interest on or before December 1, 2028. 

On December 31, 2022, principal and interest
due on the Woodward Property Note Payable amounted to 1,425,000 and 10,687, respectively. 

Our future operations are dependent on our ability
to manage our current cash balance, on the collection of rental and advisory revenues and the attainment of new advisory clients. Our
real estate properties are leased to Significant Tenants under triple-net leases for which terms vary. We monitor the credit of these
tenants to stay abreast of any material changes in credit quality. We monitor tenant credit by (1) reviewing financial statements and
related metrics and information that are publicly available or that are provided to us upon request, and (2) monitoring the timeliness
of rent collections. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an asset concentration related to our Significant Tenant leases. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, these Significant Tenants represented approximately 59.8 and 79.2 of total assets, respectively. If
our Significant Tenants are prohibited from operating due to federal or state regulations or due to COVID-19, or cannot pay their rent,
we may not have enough working capital to support our operations and we would have to seek out new tenants at rental rates per square
less than our current rate per square foot. 

We may secure additional financing to acquire
and develop additional and existing properties. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining
credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. Even if we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur
unexpected costs and expenses or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore,
if we issue additional equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have
rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of our common stock. The inability to obtain additional capital
may restrict our ability to grow our business operations. 

Cash Flow 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 

Net cash flow provided by operating activities
was 871,901 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash flow provided by operating activities of 489,257 for the
year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 382,644. 

Net
 cash flow provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily reflected a net loss of 574,355 adjusted
 for the add-back of non-cash items consisting of depreciation of 351,043, amortization expense of 9,450, accretion of stock-based
 stock option expense of 336,755, a loss on note receivable investments of 210,756 attributable to the recording of an allowance
 for uncollectible amounts, a loss from unconsolidated joint ventures of 16,261, and a loss from the changes in fair value from an
 interest rate swap of 90,237, offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily consisting of an increase in contract
 liabilities of 298,565 attributable to the receipt of cash of a 300,000 assignment fee which was reflected in contract liabilities
 on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and will be amortized into rental revenue on a straight-line basis over the remaining
 term of the lease, and an increase in security deposits payable of 147,600 attributable to the collection of additional security
 deposit on our Tempe property. 

Net
 cash flow provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily reflected a net loss of 165,819 adjusted
 for the add-back of non-cash items consisting of depreciation of 358,294, amortization expense of 28,350, stock-based compensation
 expense of 52,000, accretion of stock-based stock option expense of 56,180, a gain on sale of rental property of (51,944), and
 a loss and impairment loss from unconsolidated joint ventures of 101,446, offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities
 primarily consisting of an increase in accounts receivable of 2,921, a decrease in prepaid expenses of 71,712, an increase in accounts
 payable of 11,244, an increase in accrued expenses of 16,278, and a decrease in deferred rent receivable of 8,987. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net
cash flow used in investing activities amounted to 2,009,213 as compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 3,348, a change
of 2,012,561. During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was attributable to an increase in lease
incentive receivables related to the disbursement of 500,000 to a Significant Tenant to be used for leasehold improvements, the purchase
of rental property of 867,549 in connection with the acquisition of property in Pleasant Ridge, Michigan, the purchase of property and
equipment of 3,764, an increase in escrow deposits of 590,000 in connection with the acquisition of additional property in Pleasant
Ridge, Michigan which closed in February 2023, and cash used to invest in equity securities of 50,000. These uses of cash in investing
activities were offset by proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of 2,100. During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided
by investing activities was attributable to proceeds from the sale of rental property of 322,332, offset by cash used for an investment
in a convertible note receivable of 100,000, cash used in the improvement of rental properties of 40,360, cash used for the purchase
of property and equipment of 2,624, and cash used for investment in joint ventures of 176,000. 

35 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net
cash provided by financing activities amounted to 4,281,212 and consisted of net proceeds from notes payable of 4,315,404, offset by
the repayment of notes payable of 14,192 and the repayment of notes payable related party of 20,000. We did not have any cash
flows from financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

Contractual Obligations 

We have certain fixed contractual obligations
and commitments that include future estimated payments. Changes in our business needs, cancellation provisions, changing interest rates,
and other factors may result in actual payments differing from the estimates. We cannot provide certainty regarding the timing and amounts
of payments. We have presented below a summary of the most significant assumptions used in our determination of amounts presented in
the tables, in order to assist in the review of this information within the context of our consolidated financial position, results of
operations, and cash flows. 

The following tables summarize our contractual
obligations as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands), and the effect these obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and
cash flows in future periods. 

Payments Due by Period 
 
 Contractual obligations: 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 3-5 years 
 5 + years 
 
 Convertible notes 
 2,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,000 
 
 Interest on convertible notes 
 880 
 150 
 240 
 240 
 250 
 
 Notes payable 
 5,911 
 63 
 145 
 172 
 5,531 
 
 Total 
 8,791 
 213 
 385 
 412 
 7,781 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

Other than discussed below, we have not entered
into any other financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We have not entered
into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as shareholders equity. Furthermore, we do not have
any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk
support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market
risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. Our off-balance sheet arrangement
includes the notional amount of our interest rate swaps which we use to hedge a portion of our exposure to interest rate fluctuations.
Currently, our interest rate swap fixes the variable rate interest on our bank swap note payable. We intend to fund our interest rate
swap payments utilizing cash flows from operations. As of December 31, 2022, the notional amount of our interest rate swaps was
 4,500,000. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based upon our audited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. We continually evaluate our estimates, including those related to income taxes, and the valuation
of equity transactions. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Any future changes to these estimates and assumptions could cause a material change
to our reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates
used in the preparation of the audited consolidated financial statements. 

36 

Fair value of financial instruments 

The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated
balance sheets for cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other payables
approximate their fair market value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ), requires companies to determine
fair value based on the price that would be received to sell the asset or paid to transfer the liability to a market participant. ASC
820 emphasizes that fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. 

The guidance requires that assets and liabilities carried at fair
value be classified and disclosed in one of the following categories: 

Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data. 

Other than the interest rate swap, the Company did not identify any
other assets or liabilities that are required to be presented on the balance sheets at fair value, on a recurring basis, in accordance
with ASC Topic 820. 

Interest rate swap 

In connection with a bank loan executed in 2022,
the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement to management interest rate risk related to debt that accrues interest at variable
rates The Company accounts for its interest rate swap agreement in accordance with the guidance related to derivatives and hedging activities.
The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates. The Company agrees to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference
between fixed and variable interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed upon notional principal amount. Interest payments receivable
and payable under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement are accrued over the period to which the payment relates and the net
difference is treated as an adjustment of interest expense related to the underlying liability. Because the variable interest rates used
to calculate payments under the terms of the swap agreement are calculated using different benchmarks than those included in the Company s
variable rate debt agreement, the swap agreement is not considered an effective cash flow hedge. 

Accordingly, changes in the underlying market
value of the remaining swap payments are recognized into income as an increase or decrease to other income (expense) each reporting period.
In accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , the Company believes values provided by its counterparty
represent the fair value of its swap agreement. The Company believes that the quality of the counterparty to its swap agreement mitigates
the counterparty credit risk. 

The estimated fair value of the interest rate swap agreement is reflected
as a derivative liability on the accompanying balance sheet with changes in the fair value reflected in interest expense in the accompanying
statements of operations. The Company uses derivative financial instruments only to manage interest rate risks and not as investment
vehicles. 

Information regarding the interest rate swap is as follows: 

Description 
 Notional 
Amount 
 Interest 
Rate 
 Maturity 
 Fair Value of 
Liability on 
 December 31, 
2022 
 Fair Value of 
 Liability on 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 December 7, 2022 interest rate swap 
 4,500,000 
 7.65 
 December 10, 2032 
 90,237 
 - 

37 

Rental properties 

Rental properties are carried at cost less accumulated
depreciation and amortization. Betterments, major renovations and certain costs directly related to the improvement of rental properties
are capitalized. Maintenance and repair expenses are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is recognized on a straight-line basis
over estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from 5 to 39 years. Tenant improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis
over the lives of the related leases, which approximate the useful lives of the assets. 

Upon the acquisition of real estate, we assess
the fair value of acquired assets (including land, buildings and improvements, identified intangibles, such as acquired above-market
leases and acquired in-place leases) and acquired liabilities (such as acquired below-market leases) and allocate the purchase price
based on these assessments. The Company assesses fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize appropriate discount
and capitalization rates and available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including
historical operating results, known trends, and market/economic conditions. 

Our properties are individually reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment
exists when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the aggregate projected future cash flows over the anticipated holding period on
an undiscounted basis. An impairment loss is measured based on the excess of the property s carrying amount over its estimated
fair value. Impairment analyses are based on our current plans, intended holding periods and available market information at the time
the analyses are prepared. If our estimates of the projected future cash flows, anticipated holding periods, or market conditions change,
our evaluation of impairment losses may be different and such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements.
The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is subjective and is based, in part, on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates
and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results. 

We have capitalized land, which is not subject
to depreciation. 

Lease accounting 

The FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation
and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e., lessees and lessors). The standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach,
classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed
purchase by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method
or on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. A lessee is also required to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability
for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less will
be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. The new standard requires lessors to account for leases using
an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases, direct financing leases and operating leases. 

For leases entered into on or after the effective
date, where the Company is the lessor, at the inception of the contract, the Company assesses whether the contract is a sales-type, direct
financing or operating lease by reviewing the terms of the lease and determining if the lessee obtains control of the underlying asset
implicitly or explicitly. If a change to a pre-existing lease occurs, the Company evaluates if the modification results in a separate
new lease or a modified lease. A new lease results when a modification provides additional right of use. The new lease or modified lease
is then reassessed to determine its classification based on the modified terms. As disclosed in Note 3, on January 1, 2019, the Chino
Valley lease was modified to increase the monthly base rent from 35,000 to 40,000. On May 31, 2020, the Chino Valley lease was modified
to decrease the monthly base rent from 40,000 to 32,800 and the Tempe lease was modified to increase the monthly base rent from 33,500
to 49,200. On August 23, 2021 and effective September 1, 2021, the Chino Valley lease was amended, and the monthly base rent was increased
to 55,195 due to additional space of 27,312 square feet being leased to the lessee. On January 24, 2022 and effective on March 1, 2022,
the Chino Valley lease was amended and the monthly base rent was increased to 87,581 due to additional space of 30,000 square feet being
leased to the lessee, increasing the premises to a total of 97,312 square feet of operational space. In connection with this lease amendment,
the Company paid 500,000 to the tenant as a tenant improvement allowance or lease incentive for investment into the premises, which
was capitalized as a lease incentive receivable and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term as a reduction
to the lease income. The increase in monthly rent was commensurate with the additional space being leased; therefore, this modification
qualifies as a separate contract under ASC 842 which does not require lease classification reassessment. 

38 

The Company records revenues from rental properties
for its operating leases where it is the lessor on a straight-line basis. Any revenue on the straight-line basis exceeding the monthly
payment amount required on the operating lease is reflected as a deferred rent receivable. Effective May 31, 2020, the Company amended
its leases for which it is the lessor on its Chino Valley, Tempe, Kingman and Green Valley properties. The amendments resulted in an abatement
of rent for the months of June and July 2020. Additionally, in connection with an operating lease on the Company s Michigan property
acquired in December 2022, the Company abated certain lease payments for the period from December 2022 to March 2023. These rent abatements
resulted in an aggregate deferred rent receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 204,079 and 164,770, respectively (see Note 3).
Additionally, if the lease provides for tenant improvements, the Company determines whether the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes,
are owned by the tenant or the Company. When the Company is the owner of the tenant improvements, the tenant is not considered to have
taken physical possession or have control of the physical use of the leased asset until the tenant improvements are substantially completed.
When the tenant is the owner of the tenant improvements, any tenant improvement allowance (including amounts that can be taken in the
form of cash or a credit against the tenant s rent) that is funded is treated as a lease incentive receivable and amortized as a
reduction of revenue over the lease term. 

For contracts entered into on or after the effective
date, where the Company is the lessee, at the inception of a contract, the Company assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease.
The Company s assessment is based on: (1) whether the contract involves the use of a distinct identified asset, (2) whether we obtain
the right to substantially all the economic benefit from the use of the asset throughout the period, and (3) whether we have the right
to direct the use of the asset. The Company allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component based on its relative
stand-alone price to determine the lease payments. For leases where the Company is a lessee, primarily for the Company s administrative
office lease, the Company analyzed if it would be required to record a lease liability and a right of use asset on its consolidated balance
sheets at fair value upon adoption of ASU 2016-02. 

Operating lease right of use asset represents
the right to use the leased asset for the lease term and operating lease liability is recognized based on the present value of the future
minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. As most leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company used its
incremental borrowing rate of 6 based on the information available at the adoption date or execution of a lease agreement in determining
the present value of future payments. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term
and is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Investment in joint ventures 

We have equity investments in various privately
held entities. We account for these investments either under the equity method or cost method of accounting depending on our ownership
interest and level of influence. Investments accounted for under the equity method are recorded based upon the amount of our investment
and adjusted each period for our share of the investee s income or loss. Investments are reviewed for changes in circumstance or
the occurrence of events that suggest an other than temporary event where our investment may not be recoverable. We evaluate our investments
in these entities for consolidation. We consider our percentage interest in the joint venture, evaluation of control and whether a variable
interest entity exists when determining whether or not the investment qualifies for consolidation or if it should be accounted for as
an unconsolidated investment under either the equity method of accounting. If an investment qualifies for the equity method of accounting,
our investment is recorded initially at cost, and subsequently adjusted for equity in net income (loss) and cash contributions and distributions.
The net income or loss of an unconsolidated investment is allocated to its investors in accordance with the provisions of the operating
agreement of the entity. The allocation provisions in these agreements may differ from the ownership interest held by each investor.
Differences, if any, between the carrying amount of our investment in the respective joint venture and our share of the underlying equity
of such unconsolidated entity are amortized over the respective lives of the underlying assets as applicable. These items are reported
as a single line item in the statements of operations as income or loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities. 

39 

Revenue recognition 

We follow ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers ASC 606 ). This standard establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for
revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most of the existing revenue recognition guidance. ASC 606 requires an entity
to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to
which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services and also requires certain additional disclosures. 

Rental income includes base rents that each tenant
pays in accordance with the terms of its respective lease and is reported on a straight-line basis over the non-cancellable term of the
lease, which includes the effects of rent abatements under the leases. The Company commences rental revenue recognition when the tenant
takes possession of the leased space or controls the physical use of the leased space and the leased space is substantially ready for
its intended use. 

Currently, the Company s leases provide
for payments with fixed monthly base rents over the term of the leases. The leases also require the tenant to remit estimated monthly
payments to the Company for property taxes. These payments are recorded as rental income and the related property tax expense reflected
separately on the statements of operations. 

Revenues from advisory services is recognized
when the Company performs services pursuant to its agreements with clients and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Brokerage revenues primarily consists of real
estate sales commissions and are recognized upon the successful completion of all required services have been performed which is when
escrow closes. In accordance with the guidelines established for Reporting Revenue Gross as a Principal versus Net as an Agent in the
ASC Topic 606, the Company records commission revenues and expenses on a gross basis. Of the criteria listed in ASC Topic 606, the Company
is the primary obligor in the transaction, does not have inventory risk, performs all or part of the service, has credit risk, and has
wide latitude in establishing the price of services rendered and discretion in selection of agents and determination of service specifications.
Brokerage revenue that are payable upon payment of rent or other events beyond the Company s control are recognized upon the occurrence
of such events. 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation is accounted for based
on the requirements of ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation , which requires recognition in the
financial statements of the cost of employee, director, and non-employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
over the period the employee, director, or non-employee is required to perform the services in exchange for the award (presumptively,
the vesting period). The ASC also requires measurement of the cost of employee, director, and non-employee services received in exchange
for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur as permitted
under ASU 2016-09 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ).
ASU 2016-13 requires financial assets measured at amortized cost to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement
of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and
reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amounts. An entity must use judgment in determining
the relevant information and estimation methods that are appropriate in its circumstances. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and a modified retrospective approach
is required, with a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the
guidance is effective. In November of 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10, which delayed the implementation of ASU 2016-13 to fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2022 for smaller reporting companies which applies to the Company. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of ASU 2016-13 on its future consolidated financial statements. 

40 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules appearing on pages F-1 to F-40 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure controls and procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, 
as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e), promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our company s reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the
participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated our company s disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective.
The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures was due to material weaknesses, which we identified in our report on internal
control over financial reporting. 

Internal control over financial reporting 

Management s annual report on internal
control over financial reporting 

Our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Our
management s evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting was based on the 2013 framework in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded
that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

41 

The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures was due to the following material weaknesses which we identified in our internal control over financial reporting: (1)
the lack of multiples levels of management review on complex accounting and financial reporting issues, (2) we had not implemented adequate
system and manual controls, and (3) a lack of adequate segregation of duties and necessary corporate accounting resources in our financial
reporting process and accounting function as a result of our limited financial resources to support hiring of personnel and implementation
of accounting systems. Until such time as we expand our staff to include additional accounting personnel and hire a full-time chief financial
officer, it is likely we will continue to report material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination
of control deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors
and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have
been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns
can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additional controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion
of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

42 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

On January 21, 2022, pursuant to the power granted
to the Board in the Company s articles of incorporation, as amended, and the Company s bylaws, the Board increased the size
of the Board by two persons, to be a total of seven persons. Our Board of Directors currently has six members and there is one vacancy. 

The following table sets forth the names, positions
and ages of our directors and executive officers as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. All of the current directors 
terms expire as of the Annual Meeting and will serve until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 

Set forth below is certain information regarding our executive officers
and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Bryan
 McLaren 
 
 35 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 
 
 Berekk
 Blackwell 
 
 33 
 
 President
 and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Daniel
 Gauthier 
 
 30 
 
 Chief
 Legal Officer, Chief Compliance officer, and Corporate Secretary 
 
 Art
 Friedman 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Alex
 McLaren, MD 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 David
 G. Honaman 
 
 71 
 
 Director 
 
 Derek
 Overstreet, PhD. 
 
 36 
 
 Director 
 
 Jody
 Kane 
 
 43 
 
 Director 

Bryan McLaren is the son of Dr. Alex McLaren. 

Background Information about our Officers and Directors 

Biographical information concerning the directors
and executive officers listed above is set forth below. The information presented includes information each individual has given us about
all positions they hold and their principal occupation and business experience for the past five years. In addition to the information
presented below regarding each director s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led our board to conclude
that he should serve as a director, we also believe that each of our directors has a reputation for integrity, honesty and adherence
to high ethical standards. Each has demonstrated business acumen and an ability to exercise sound judgment, as well as a commitment of
service to our company and our board of directors. 

Bryan McLaren, MBA. Mr. McLaren has served
as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since 2014 and as Chief Financial Officer of the Company since 2018. Mr. McLaren
has a dedicated history of work in the sustainability industry and in business development. Prior to joining the Company, McLaren worked
as a sustainable development expert for both large corporations such as Waste Management, Inc., and for institutions of higher education
such as Northern Arizona University. Mr. McLaren has a Masters of Business Administration Degree with an emphasis on Sustainable Development,
a Master s Degree in Sustainable Community Development, and an Executive Master s Degree in Sustainability Leadership. As
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. McLaren is able to provide our Board with valuable insight regarding the Company s
operations, its management team and associates as a result of his day-to-day involvement with the Company. 

Berekk Blackwell. Mr. Blackwell has served
as our Chief Operating Officer since July 1, 2021, and as our President since July 1, 2022. Prior to his appointment to these positions
and since September 2020, Mr. Blackwell served as our Director of Business Development. From December 2018 until June 2021, Mr. Blackwell
also served as President of Daily Jam Holdings LLC. From January 2016 to December 2018, he served as Vice President of Due North Holdings
LLC. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Blackwell developed domestic and international markets for Kahala Brands, a global franchise organization
with more than 3,000 retail locations in over a dozen countries. He also led emerging brand and portfolio operations for several private
equity groups investing in the restaurant franchise space. Mr. Blackwell earned his B.A. in Finance from Fort Lewis College. Mr. Blackwell
and his spouse filed for bankruptcy in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, District of Arizona on November 13, 2020. 

43 

Daniel Gauthier, JD. Mr. Gauthier has
served as our Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, and Corporate Secretary since July 1, 2022. Mr. Gauthier has an extensive
background in a range of real estate transactions, including acquisition, development, financing, leasing, and syndication, and business
transactions, including mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, corporate governance, general counsel and regulated cannabis. Prior
to joining the Company, Mr. Gauthier s private practice included representation of a broad range of real estate developers, private
and public homebuilders, businesses of all sizes, banks and lending institutions, and more. Gauthier holds a Juris Doctor degree from
the Sandra Day O Connor College of Law, Arizona State University, where he was a Pedrick Scholar and an articles editor of Jurimetrics:
The Journal of Law, Science, and Technology. Mr. Gauthier is the founder and former president of the American Constitution Society, ASU
Chapter and the former president of the ASU Disability Law Project. Mr. Gauthier also holds a bachelor s degree in psychology from
the University of Arizona. 

Art Friedman. Mr. Friedman, who has served
as a director since 2014, is the Owner/Principal of Triple J Management Services, which specializes in consulting and professional services
for the alcoholic beverage industry. Mr. Friedman was most recently President and CEO of Gold Coast Beverage Distributors, a position
he held for the last 10 years of his 23 years with the company. During his tenure as President/CEO, Gold Coast more than tripled sales
revenue and increased EBITDA by more than five-fold. Over the same period, Mr. Friedman led significant market share gains through organic
growth as well as consolidating wholesaler acquisitions. Mr. Friedman began his career with General Foods Corporation, now part of Kraft
Foods. He has served on the distributor advisory councils of Diageo-Guinness, Heineken USA, InBev and Miller-Coors. Mr. Friedman graduation
Cum Laude with a Bachelor of Science in Business Management from the University of Florida, Warrington School of Business. We believe
that Mr. Friedman s background as an advisor in the area of business management and his experience in operating, growing and advising
companies provides us with the requisite skills and qualifications to serve on our board. Mr. Friedman s service as a director at
the Company since 2014 together with his business background, provides business, governance, organizational and strategic planning expertise
to our Board and makes him a valued member of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, which he chairs, and the Strategic Committee. 

Alex McLaren, MD. Dr. McLaren, who has
served as a director since 2014, is an accomplished and well-known orthopedic surgeon, professor and researcher. Alex was most recently
Vice President of Clinical Outcomes for Shared Clarity, LLC from 2016-2019. From 2006 until 2016, Dr. McLaren served as program director
of the Banner University Medical Center-Phoenix (Ariz.) Residency Program in Orthopaedic Surgery. He is the former director of Orthopaedic
Education for Banner Good Samaritan Medical Center in Phoenix. He was also the program director of the Phoenix Orthopedic Residency Program
at Maricopa County Medical Center between 1998 and 2000. He has been in private orthopedic surgery practice twice during his career in
Phoenix. After graduating from Queen s University School of Medicine, Kingston, Ontario, Canada in 1977, Dr. McLaren completed
an orthopedic residency at the University of Western Ontario in 1982 and a fellowship at the University of Southern California in 1983.
Dr. McLaren is first and foremost an orthopedic educator and researcher whose career has included teaching, research and administration
of educational programs. His clinical interest includes orthopedic infections, revision arthroplasty and complex musculoskeletal trauma.
With hundreds of publications, numerous grand-funded projects, and medical association postings, Dr. McLaren has established a prized
reputation in his field. We believe that Dr. McLaren s services provided to numerous organizations provides us with the requisite
skills and qualifications to serve on our board and as a member of the Compensation Committee and the Strategic Committee, which he chairs. 

David G. Honaman. Mr. Honaman, who has
served as a director since 2016, is the Principal and CFO of Advanced Benefit Solutions, Inc. (d/b/a 44 North), an insurance agent and
consultant, since 2010. From 2008 to 2009, Mr. Honaman served as an independent financial consultant. Prior to that time, Mr. Honaman
spent seven years at Wilcox Associates, Inc., a civil engineering firm, most recently as CFO and Treasurer. Mr. Honaman also served in
several capacities at Wolohan Lumber Co. for over 20 years, including as Vice President of Merchandising, Senior Vice President of Finance
and CFO. Mr. Honaman began his career as a CPA on the audit staff at Ernst Young LLP. Mr. Honaman brings to the Board extensive
experience dealing with and overseeing the implementation of accounting principles and financial reporting rules and regulations. With
his substantial business and management experience for five years as a certified public accountant and an auditor at Ernst Young
LLP serving numerous public companies in various business sectors, including insurance agencies, Mr. Honaman provides relevant expertise
on accounting, investment and financial matters. His service as a chief financial officer at Advanced Benefit Solutions, Inc. (d/b/a
44 North), Wilcox Associates, Inc. and Wolohan Lumber Co., together with his accounting and management experience, make him a valued
member of our Board, Compensation Committee and Strategic Committee, and an effective Non-Executive Chair of the Audit Committee. Mr.
Honaman meets the definition of an audit committee financial expert as established by the SEC. 

44 

Derek Overstreet, PhD. Dr. Overstreet,
who has served as a director since 2017, is the co-founder and CEO of Sonoran Biosciences, Inc. Sonoran Biosciences, Inc. develops new
sustained-release pharmaceutical formulations for applications including orthopedic infection and postoperative pain management. Dr.
Overstreet holds a Bachelor s degree in Biomedical Engineering from Case Western Reserve University and a Doctoral degree in Biomedical
Engineering from Arizona State University. His expertise is in the development of novel polymer-based materials for medical applications
including drug delivery. He has authored 11 peer-reviewed scientific publications and two patent applications. We believe that Dr. Overstreet s
experience navigating the scientific field of pharmaceuticals and drug delivery can be instrumental in assisting the strategic development
and implementation of the Zoned Properties business model. Prior to 2012, Dr. Overstreet was a post-doctoral fellow at the Laboratory
for Nanomedicine at the Barrow Neurological Institute. 

Jody Kane. Mr. Kane, who has served as a director since January
21, 2022, is the co-founder and Managing Partner of Diamond Bridge Capital, an investment firm, where he has managed a portfolio of public
and private investments primarily focused on the small cap sector since 2008. In addition, since May 2021, Mr. Kane has served as an
advisor to Harbor Access LLC, a U.S. and Canadian based investor relations firm. In this role, he advises companies on corporate strategy
and investor awareness. In addition, Mr. Kane owns and manages a real estate portfolio in the New York and Connecticut regions. From
August 2014 to July 2020, he served as a research analyst for Wooster Capital Management, LLC, a hedge fund. Mr. Kane has a long history
in the investment management business, previously working at the multi-billion dollar Schonfeld Group hedge fund, serving as a published
analyst at Sidoti Co. and working for the billion dollar Michael Steinhardt family office. Mr. Kane was one of the first investors
in GrowGeneration Corp. (Nasdaq: GRWG) and served on its board of directors from May 2014 to January 2018. He graduated from Troy University,
with a B.S. in Finance. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except as noted above, our directors and executive
officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past 10 years: 

1. 
 any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
 time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

3. 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; 

4. 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation;
 or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary
 or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease- and-desist order,
 or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 

6. 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of business conduct and
ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those employees responsible for financial reporting. The
code of business conduct and ethics is available on our corporate website, www.zonedproperties.com. We intend to disclose any amendments
to our code of business conduct and ethics, or waivers of its requirements, on our website or in filings under the Exchange Act to the
extent required by applicable rules and exchange requirements. 

45 

Director Independence 

Four of our six board members are independent.
The Board has determined that each of Messrs. Friedman, Honaman, Kane, and Dr. Overstreet is an independent director pursuant to the
NASDAQ listing standards. Under the NASDAQ rules, no director qualifies as independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that
the director has no material relationship with us (directly, or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship
with us). 

In assessing the independence of our directors,
the Board considers all of the business relationships between the Company and our directors and their respective affiliated companies.
This review is based primarily on the Company s review of its own records and on responses of the directors to questions in a questionnaire
regarding employment, business, familial, compensation and other relationships with the Company and our management. Where relationships
exist, the Board determines whether the relationship between the Company and the directors or the directors affiliated companies
impairs the directors independence. After consideration of the directors relationships with the Company, the Board has
affirmatively determined that none of the individuals serving as non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
had a material relationship with us and that each of such non-employee directors is independent. 

Bryan McLaren was not considered an independent
director during his service on the Board during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 because of his employment as our CEO, President,
Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board. Alex McLaren, MD was not considered an independent director during his service on the
Board during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 because Bryan McLaren is the son of Dr. McLaren. 

Board of Directors and Board Committees 

All of our directors and director nominees are
encouraged to attend the annual meetings of our stockholders. 

The Board of Directors held two meetings during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Each of our current directors attended 100 of the aggregate number of the meetings of the Board
and meetings of the committees on which he or she served. 

Our Board currently has four committees: the Audit Committee, the Strategic
Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Governance Committee. As of March 28, 2023, the members and Chairs of our
standing Board committees were: 

Audit 
 Compensation 
 Strategic 
 Nom. Gov 
 
 Independent Directors 

Art Friedman 
 X 
 Chair 
 X 
 X 
 
 David G. Honaman 
 Chair 
 X 
 X 
 X 
 
 Derek Overstreet 
 X 
 X 
 X 
 X 
 
 Jody Kane 
 X 
 X 
 X 
 Chair 

Non-Independent Director 

Alex McLaren, MD 
 
 X 
 Chair 
 X 

46 

Audit Committee 

All Audit Committee members are independent 
under the NASDAQ listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Our Board of Directors has determined that one of the members of the
Audit Committee, Mr. Honaman, meets the definition of an audit committee financial expert as established by the SEC, and
that Mr. Friedman and Dr. Overstreet, the two other members of the Audit Committee, meet the definition of financially literate 
as established by the SEC. The Audit Committee provides assistance to the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating
to the quality and integrity of the financial reports of the Company. The Audit Committee has the sole authority to appoint, review and
discharge our independent accountants, and has established procedures for the receipt, retention, response to and treatment of complaints
regarding accounting, internal controls and audit matters. In addition, the Audit Committee is responsible for: 

reviewing
 the scope, results, timing and costs of the audit with our independent accountants and reviewing the results of the annual audit
 examination and any accompanying management letters; 

assessing
 the independence of the outside accountants on an annual basis, including receipt and review of a written report from the independent
 accountants regarding their independence consistent with the independence standards of the board; 

reviewing
 and approving the services provided by the independent accountants; 

overseeing
 the internal audit function; and 

reviewing
 our significant accounting policies, financial results and earnings releases, and the adequacy of our internal controls. 

The responsibilities of the Audit Committee are
more fully described in the Audit Committee s charter. 

The Audit Committee held four meetings during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Compensation Committee 

All Compensation Committee members other than
Dr. McLaren are independent under applicable NASDAQ listing standards. The Compensation Committee assists the Board in fulfilling
its oversight responsibilities relating to executive compensation, employee compensation and benefit programs and plans, and leadership
development and succession planning. In addition, the Compensation Committee is responsible for: 

reviewing
 the performance of our Chief Executive Officer; 

determining
 the compensation and benefits for our Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers; 

establishing
 our compensation policies and practices; 

administering
 our incentive compensation and stock plans (except for the issuance of securities to non-employee directors for services which is
 administered by the Board); and 

approving
 the adoption of material changes to or the termination of our benefit plans. 

The Compensation Committee reviews and discusses
with management the disclosures regarding executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement. The responsibilities of
the Compensation Committee are more fully described in the Compensation Committee s charter. 

The Compensation Committee held two meetings
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

47 

Strategic Committee 

All Strategic Committee members other than Dr.
McLaren are independent under the applicable NASDAQ listing standards. The Strategic Committee assists the Board in developing
and maintaining the Company s business strategies and any related matters required by federal securities laws. In addition, the
Strategic Committee is responsible for: 

Review
 the Company s current business strategies. 

Explore
 new business strategies for the Company. 

Report
 business strategy analyses to the Board. 

The Strategic Committee held two meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022, there were no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the Board. 

Nominating and Governance Committee 

All Nominating and Governance members (except
for Dr. McLaren) are independent under applicable NASDAQ listing standards. The Nominating and Governance Committee assists
the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to Company and Board policies, and in relation to the nomination and
election of Board Members. In addition, the Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for: 

establishing
 and reviewing the Nominating and Governance Committee Charter; and 

establishing and reviewing various Company policies, such as the Company s
Insider Trading Policy and Code of Ethics. 

The responsibilities of the Nominating and Governance
Committee are more fully described in the Nominating and Governance Committee s charter. 

The Nominating and Governance Committee held
two meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Officer and Director Indemnification Agreements 

The Company entered into an Indemnification Agreement
(each, an Indemnification Agreement and collectively, the Indemnification Agreements with each of the Company s
officers and directors. The Indemnification Agreements supplement the indemnification provisions provided in the Company s articles
of incorporation and bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto and generally provide that the Company shall indemnify the indemnitees
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions, against expenses, judgments, fines and other amounts
actually and reasonably incurred in connection with their service as a director or officer and also provide for rights to advancement
of expenses and contribution. 

48 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation 

The following 2022 Summary Compensation Table
(the SCT summarizes all compensation recorded by us for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for our named
executive officers as such term is defined in Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K (each, an NEO and collectively, the
 NEOs ). 

2022 Summary Compensation Table 

Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 
 Bonus 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Option 
Awards 
 (3) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan 
Compensation 
 
 Nonqualified 
Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings 
 
 All
Other 
Compensation 
 
 Total 

Bryan McLaren, 
 2022 
 246,758 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 246,758 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 225,225 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 225,225 

Berekk Blackwell, 
 2022 
 148,269 
 22,450 
 - 
 55,334 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 226,053 
 
 President and Chief Operating Officer (1) 
 2021 
 68,833 
 - 
 - 
 48,677 
 - 
 - 
 48,845 
 166,355 

Daniel Gauthier 
 2022 
 83,077 
 - 
 - 
 82,420 
 - 
 - 
 15,011 
 180,508 
 
 Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer (2) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Mr. Blackwell
 was appointed as our Chief Operating Officer on July 1, 2021. On January 1, 2021, we granted Mr. Blackwell an option, pursuant to
 our 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, to purchase 125,000 of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share.
 The grant date of the Option was January 1, 2021 and the Options expire on January 1, 2031. The options vest as to 25,000 of such
 shares on January 1, 2021, 10,000 options vest on January 1, 2022 and for each year thereafter through January 1, 2031. In connection
 with these options, the Company valued these options at a fair value of 48,677 and will record stock-based compensation expense
 over the vesting period. On January 21, 2022, we granted Mr. Blackwell a stock option pursuant to our 2016 Equity Compensation Plan
 to purchase 75,000 of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share. The grant date of the stock option
 was January 21, 2022 and the options expire on January 21, 2032. The option vests as to (i) 15,000 of such shares on January 21,
 2022; and (ii) as to 7,500 of such shares on January 21, 2023 and each year thereafter through January 21, 2030. The fair value of
 this option grant was 55,334 and will record stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period. Amounts reflected under All
 Other Compensation related to consulting fees paid to Mr. Blackwell prior to him becoming our Chief Operating Officer. 
 
 (2) 
 On July 1, 2022, we granted
 Mr. Gauthier a stock option, pursuant to our 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, to purchase 125,000 of the Company s common stock
 at an exercise price of 1.00 per share. The grant date of the stock option was July 1, 2022 and the option expires on July 1, 2032.
 The option vests as to (i) 25,000 of such shares on July 1, 2022; and (ii) as to 10,000 of such shares on July 1, 2023 and each year
 thereafter through July 1, 2032. We valued this stock option at a fair value of 82,420 and will record stock-based compensation
 expense over the vesting period. 
 
 (3) 
 As required by SEC rules,
 the amounts in this column reflect the grant date or modification date fair value as required by FASB ASC Topic 718. A discussion
 of the assumptions and methodologies used to calculate these amounts, are contained in the notes to our financial statements under
 Note 11 Shareholders Equity . 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Except as otherwise described below, there are
no compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company with respect to any executive officer, that
would result in payments to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of employment with the Company,
or our subsidiaries, any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities following a change in control of the Company. 

McLaren Employment Agreement Golden Parachute
Agreement 

On May 23, 2018, we entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. McLaren (the 2018 Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the 2018 Employment Agreement, the
Company agreed to continue to pay Mr. McLaren a base annual salary of 214,500, and to award Mr. McLaren with an annual and/or quarterly
bonus payable in either cash and/or equity of no less than 2.5 of the Company s net income for the associated period. 

49 

The 2018 Employment Agreement has a term of 10
years. The term and Mr. McLaren s employment will terminate (a Termination in any of the following circumstances: 

(i) 
 immediately,
 if Mr. McLaren dies; 

(ii) 
 immediately,
 if Mr. McLaren receives benefits under the long-term disability insurance coverage then 

(iii) 
 provided
 by the Company or, if no such insurance is in effect, upon Mr. McLaren s disability; 

(iv) 
 on
 the expiration date, as the same may be extended by the parties by written amendment to the 2018 Employment Agreement prior to the
 occasion thereof; 

(v) 
 at
 the option of the Company for Cause (as hereinafter defined) upon the Company s provision of written notice to Mr. McLaren
 of the basis for such Termination; 

(vi) 
 at
 the option of the Company, without Cause; 

(vii) 
 by
 Mr. McLaren at any time with Good Reason (as hereinafter defined), upon 30 days prior written notice to the Company delivered
 not later than within 90 days of the existence of the condition therefor; or 

(viii) 
 by
 Mr. McLaren at any time without Good Reason, upon not less than three months prior written notice to the Company. 

In the event of a Termination for any reason
or for no reason whatsoever, or upon the expiration date of the 2018 Employment Agreement, whichever comes first, all rights and obligations
under the 2018 Employment Agreement shall cease (i) as to the Company, except for the Company s obligations for the payment of
applicable severance benefits thereunder, and for indemnification thereunder, and (ii) as to Mr. McLaren, except for his obligation under
the restrictive covenants in the 2018 Employment Agreement. 

The Company and Mr. McLaren also entered into
a Golden Parachute Agreement (the Golden Parachute Agreement on May 23, 2018. No benefits shall be payable under the Golden
Parachute Agreement unless there shall have been a change in control of the Company, as set forth below. For purposes of the Golden Parachute
Agreement, a change in control of the Company shall mean a change of control of a nature that would be required to be reported
in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), whether or not the Company is in fact required to comply with that regulation, provided that, without limitation, such a
change in control shall be deemed to have occurred if (A) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
of the Exchange Act), other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of
the Company, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly,
of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities;
or (B) during any period of two consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of the Golden Parachute Agreement),
individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a person
who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in clauses (A) or (D) of this paragraph) whose election
by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors
then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously
so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority; (C) the Company enters into an agreement, the consummation of which would
result in the occurrence of a change in control of the Company; or (D) the shareholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation
of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company
outstanding immediately prior to it continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities
of the surviving entity) of more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity
outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or the shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation
of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all the Company s assets. 

For purposes of the Golden Parachute Agreement,
 Cause means termination upon (a) the willful and continued failure to substantially perform duties with the Company after
a written demand for substantial performance is delivered by the Board, which demand specifically identifies the manner in which the
Board believes that duties have not substantially been performed, or (b) the willful engaging in conduct which is demonstrably and materially
injurious to the Company, monetarily or otherwise. 

50 

For purposes of the Golden Parachute Agreement,
 Good Reason means, without express written consent, the occurrence after a change in control of the Company of any of the
following circumstances unless, such circumstances are fully corrected prior to the date of Termination specified in the notice of Termination: 

(a) 
 a
 material diminution in Mr. McLaren s authority, duties or responsibility from those in effect immediately prior to the change
 in control of the Company; 

(b) 
 a
 material diminution in Mr. McLaren s base compensation; 

(c) 
 a
 material change in the geographic location at which Mr. McLaren performs his duties; 

(d) 
 a
 material diminution in the authority, duties, or responsibilities of the supervisor to whom Mr. McLaren is required to report, including
 a requirement that McLaren report to a corporate officer or employee instead of reporting directly to the Board; 

(e) 
 a
 material diminution in the budget over which Mr. McLaren retains authority; 

(f) 
 a
 material breach under any agreement with the Company to continue in effect any bonus to which Mr. McLaren was entitled, or any compensation
 plan in which Mr. McLaren participates immediately prior to the change in control of the Company which is material to Mr. McLaren s
 total compensation; 

(g) 
 a
 material breach under any agreement with the Company to provide Mr. McLaren benefits substantially similar to those enjoyed by Mr.
 McLaren under any of the Company s life insurance, medical, health and accident, or disability plans in which he was participating
 at the time of the change in control of the Company, the failure to continue to provide Mr. McLaren with a Company automobile or
 allowance in lieu of it, if Mr. McLaren was provided with such an automobile or allowance in lieu of it at the time of the change
 of control of the Company, the taking of any action by the Company which would directly or indirectly materially reduce any of such
 benefits or deprive Mr. McLaren of any material fringe benefit enjoyed by Mr. McLaren at the time of the change in control of the
 Company, or the failure by the Company to provide him with the number of paid vacation days to which he is entitled on the basis
 of years of service with the Company in accordance with the Company s normal vacation policy in effect at the time of the change
 in control of the Company; 

Following a change in control of the Company,
upon termination of Mr. McLaren s employment or during a period of disability, Mr. McLaren will be entitled to the following benefits: 

(i) 
 During
 any period that Mr. McLaren fails to perform his full-time duties with the Company as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental
 illness, Mr. McLaren will continue to receive his base salary at the rate in effect at the commencement of any such period, together
 with all amounts payable to Mr. McLaren under any compensation plan of the Company during such period, until the Golden Parachute
 Agreement is terminated. 

(ii) 
 If
 Mr. McLaren s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or by Mr. McLaren other than for Good Reason, disability, death
 or retirement, the Company will pay Mr. McLaren his full base salary through the date of Termination at the rate in effect at the
 time notice of Termination is given, plus all other amounts and benefits to which Mr. McLaren is entitled under any compensation
 plan of the Company at the time such payments are due. 

(iii) 
 If
 employment by the Company shall be terminated (a) by the Company other than for Cause, death or disability or (b) by Mr. McLaren
 for Good Reason, Mr. McLaren will be entitled to benefits provided below: 

a. 
 The
 Company will pay Mr. McLaren his full base salary through the date of Termination at the rate in effect at the time notice of Termination
 is given, plus all other amounts and benefits to which Mr. McLaren is entitled under any compensation plan of the Company. 

51 

b. 
 In
 lieu of any further salary payments to Mr. McLaren for periods subsequent to the date of Termination, the Company will pay as severance
 pay to Mr. McLaren a lump sum severance payment (together with the payments provided in clauses (c) and (d) below) equal to five
 times the sum of Mr. McLaren s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of the circumstance giving
 rise to the notice of Termination given in respect of them. 

c. 
 The
 Company will pay to Mr. McLaren any deferred compensation allocated or credited to Mr. McLaren or his account as of the date of Termination. 

d. 
 In
 lieu of shares of common stock of the Company issuable upon exercise of outstanding options, if any, granted to Mr. McLaren under
 the Company s stock option plans (which options shall be cancelled upon the making of the payment referred to below), Mr. McLaren
 will receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) the excess of the closing price of the Company s common stock as
 reported on or nearest the date of Termination (or, if not so reported, on the basis of the average of the lowest asked and highest
 bid prices on or nearest the date of Termination), over the per share exercise price of each option held by Mr. McLaren (whether
 or not then fully exercisable) plus the amount of any applicable cash appreciation rights, times (ii) the number of the Company s
 common stock covered by each such option. 

e. 
 The
 Company will also pay to Mr. McLaren all legal fees and expenses incurred by Mr. McLaren as a result of such Termination. 

(iv) 
 In
 the event that Mr. McLaren is a disqualified individual within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, the parties
 expressly agree that the payments described herein and all other payments to Mr. McLaren under any other agreements or arrangements
 with any persons which constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code are collectively
 subject to an overall maximum limit. Such maximum limit shall be 1 less than the aggregate amount which would otherwise cause any
 such payments to be considered a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, as determined by
 the Company. 

Blackwell Employment Agreement 

On July 26, 2022, the Company entered into an
employment agreement, effective July 1, 2022, with Mr. Blackwell (the Blackwell Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms
of the Blackwell Employment Agreement, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Blackwell a base annual salary of 150,000 for his services as President
and Chief Operating Officer. The Company may also award Mr. Blackwell discretionary cash and/or equity bonuses. 

The Blackwell Employment Agreement has a term
of one year, expiring on July 1, 2023. During the initial term, neither party may terminate the Blackwell Employment Agreement except
for Cause (as hereinafter defined). For purposes of the Blackwell Employment Agreement, Cause, with respect to Mr. Blackwell, means: 

(i) a material violation of any material written rule or policy of the Company applicable to Mr. Blackwell and which Mr. Blackwell fails
to correct within 10 days after notice; 

(ii) misconduct by Mr. Blackwell to the material and demonstrable detriment of the Company; 

(iii) Mr. Blackwell s conviction of, or pleading guilty to, a felony; or 

(iv) Mr. Blackwell s material failure to perform his obligations and fulfill the covenants and agreements in the Blackwell Employment
Agreement, after notice and failure to cure, as provided in the Blackwell Employment Agreement. 

With respect to the Company, Cause 
means the Company s material failure to perform the Company s obligations and fulfill the covenants and agreements in the
Blackwell Employment Agreement, after notice and failure to cure, as provided in the Blackwell Employment Agreement. 

The Blackwell Employment Agreement will continue
to be in full force and effect after July 1, 2023, except that either party may terminate the Blackwell Employment Agreement for any reason
upon 30 days written notice. 

The Blackwell Employment Agreement contains representations,
warranties and covenants customary for an agreement of this type. 

Gauthier Employment
Agreement 

On May 27, 2022, the
Company entered into the Employment Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2022, by and between the Company and Mr. Gauthier (the Gauthier
Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Gauthier Employment Agreement, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Gauthier a base
annual salary of 135,000 for his services. The Company may also award Mr. Gauthier with cash and/or equity bonuses, determined at the
discretion of the Company s executive management. 

52 

The Gauthier Employment
Agreement has a term of one year, unless sooner terminated or extended pursuant to the terms of the Gauthier Employment Agreement. 

During the initial one-year
term, the Gauthier Employment Agreement may only be terminated for Cause. For purposes of the Gauthier Employment Agreement, Cause, 
with respect to Mr. Gauthier, means: 

(i) a material violation of any material written rule or policy
of the Company applicable to Mr. Gauthier and which Mr. Gauthier fails to correct within 10 days after Mr. Gauthier receives written
notice from the Company; 

(ii) misconduct by Mr. Gauthier to the material and demonstrable
detriment of the Company; 

(iii) Mr. Gauthier s conviction (by a court of competent
jurisdiction, not subject to further appeal) of, or pleading guilty to, a felony; or 

(iv) Mr. Gauthier s material failure to perform his obligations
and fulfill his covenants and agreements as described in the Gauthier Employment Agreement, after written notice from the Company and
failure to cure such material failure within 10 days following receipt of such notice. 

After expiration of the
initial one-year term, the Gauthier Employment Agreement will continue to be in full force and effect, except that either party may terminate
the Gauthier Employment Agreement for any reason upon 30 days written notice to the other party. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth information as options outstanding
on December 31, 2022. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2022 FISCAL YEAR-END 
 
 OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
options (#) 
Exercisable 
 Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Awards: 
Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Unearned 
Options (#) 
Unexercisable 
 Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Awards: 
Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Unearned 
Options (#) 
 Option 
Exercise 
Price ) 
 Option 
Expiration 
Date 
 Number 
of Shares 
or Units 
of Stock 
that have 
not 
Vested 
(#) 
 Market 
Value of 
Shares or 
Units of 
Stock 
that 
Have not 
Vested ) 
 Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Awards: 
Number of 
Unearned 
Shares, 
Units or 
Other Rights 
that have 
not 
Vested 
(#) 
 Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Market or 
Payout 
Value of 
Unearned 
Shares, 
Units or 
other Rights 
that have not 
Vested ) 
 
 Bryan McLaren 
 200,000 
 50,000 (a) 
 
 1.00 
 12/26/2026 

Berekk Blackwell 
 35,000 
 90,000 (b) 
 
 1.00 
 1/1/2031 

Berekk Blackwell 
 15,000 
 60,000 (c) 
 
 1.00 
 1/21/2032 

Daniel Gauthier 
 25,000 
 100,000 (d) 
 
 1.00 
 7/1/2032 

(a) 
 Vest
 annually at 25,000 options per year through December 2024. 
 
 (b) 
 Vest
 annually at 10,000 options per year through January 1, 2031. 
 
 (c) 
 Vest
 annually at 7,500 options per year through January 21, 2030. 
 
 (d) 
 Vest
 annually at 10,000 options per year through July 1, 2032. 

Pay Versus Performance (PVP) 

In accordance with the SEC s disclosure requirements regarding
pay versus performance PVP ), this section presents the SEC-defined Compensation Actually Paid, or CAP .
Also required by the SEC, this section compares CAP to various measures used to gauge performance at Company. 

53 

Pay versus Performance Table - Compensation
Definitions 

Salary, Bonus, Stock Awards, and All Other Compensation
are each calculated in the same manner for purposes of both CAP and SCT values. The primary difference between the calculation of CAP
and SCT total compensation is Stock Awards. 

SCT Total 
 
 CAP 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Grant date fair value of stock and option awards granted during the year 
 
 Year over year change in the fair value of stock and option awards that are unvested as of the end of the year, or vested or were forfeited during the year 

2022 Pay Versus Performance Table 

In accordance with the SEC s new PVP rules,
the following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our NEOs for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, and our financial performance for each such fiscal year: 

Year (1) 
 Summary 
Compensation 
Table Total 
for PEO 
 Compensation 
 Actually Paid 
 to PEO 
 (2)(3) 
 Average 
 Summary 
 Compensation 
 Table Total 
 for Non-PEO 
 NEOs 
 Average 
 Compensation 
 Actually Paid 
 to Non-PEO 
 NEOs 
 Value of Initial Fixed 100 Investment 
Based On Total Shareholder Return 
 
 Net Loss 
 
 2022 
 246,758 
 228,999 
 203,280 
 194,180 
 
 174.78 
 
 (574,355 
 
 2021 
 225,225 
 250,283 
 166,355 
 196,358 
 
 180.65 
 
 (165,819 

(1) The principal executive officer PEO in 2022 and 2021
is Bryan McLaren, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The non-PEO NEOs in the 2022 reporting year are Berekk Blackwell
and Dan Gauthier. The non-PEO NEO in the 2021 reporting year was Berekk Blackwell. 

(2) The CAP was calculated beginning with the PEO s SCT total. The
following amounts were deducted from and added to the applicable SCT total compensation: 

SCT Total 
 Stock Awards Deducted from SCT 
 Stock Awards Added to CAP 
 Stock Option Awards Deducted from SCT 
 Stock Option Awards Added to CAP 
 Total CAP A - (B + D) 

(A) 
 (B) 
 (C) 
 (D) 
 (E) 
 + (C + E) 
 
 PEO 
 
 2022 
 246,758 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (17,759 
 228,999 
 
 2021 
 225,225 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,058 
 250,283 

Average Non-PEO NEO 

2022 
 203,280 
 - 
 - 
 (137,754 
 128,654 
 194,180 
 
 2021 
 166,355 
 - 
 - 
 (48,677 
 78,680 
 196,358 

(3) The fair value of stock options reported for CAP purposes in columns
(C) and (E) above was estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model for the purposes of this PVP calculation in accordance with
the SEC rules. This model uses both historical data and current market data to estimate the fair value of options and requires several
assumptions. The assumptions used in estimating fair value for awards granted during 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Grant Year 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Volatility 
 106.66 112.26 
 108.73 117.03 
 
 Expected life (in years) 
 4 10 years 
 5 10 years 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 1.75 3.94 
 0.93 1.26 

54 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

On August 9, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized
the 2016 Plan and reserved 10,000,000 shares of common stock for issuance thereunder. The 2016 Plan was approved by shareholders on November
21, 2016. The 2016 Plan s purpose is to encourage ownership in the Company by employees, officers, directors and consultants whose
long-term service the Company considers essential to its continued progress and, thereby, encourage recipients to act in the stockholders 
interest and share in the Company s success. The 2016 Plan authorizes the grant of awards in the form of options intended to qualify
as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code, options that do not qualify (non-statutory stock options) and grants of restricted
shares of common stock. Restricted shares granted pursuant to the 2016 Plan are amortized to expense over the three-year vesting period.
Options vest and expire over a period not to exceed seven years. If any share of common stock underlying a stock option that has been
granted ceases to be subject to a stock option, or if any shares of common stock that are subject to any other stock-based award granted
are forfeited or terminate, such shares shall again be available for distribution in connection with future grants and awards under the
2016 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, 1,102,500 stock option awards have been granted under the 2016 Plan. On December 31, 2022, 8,897,500
shares are available for future issuance. 

The Company also continues to maintain its 2014
Plan, pursuant to which 1,250,000 previously awarded stock options are outstanding. The 2014 Plan has been superseded by the 2016 Plan.
Accordingly, no additional shares subject to the existing 2014 Plan will be issued and the 1,250,000 shares issuable upon exercise of
stock options will be issued pursuant to the 2014 Plan, if exercised. As of December 31, 2022, options to purchase 1,250,000 shares of
common stock are outstanding pursuant to the 2014 Plan. 

The table below sets forth information as of
December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
securities to 
be issued upon 
exercise of 
outstanding 
options, 
warrants and 
rights 
 Weighted-average 
exercise price of 
outstanding 
options, 
warrants and 
rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation 
 plans 
(excluding 
securities 
reflected in 
column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,102,500 
 0.77 
 8,897,500 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 1,250,000 
 1.00 
 0 
 
 Total 
 2,352,500 
 0.95 
 9,675,000 

Director Compensation 

The following table sets forth compensation paid,
earned or awarded during 2022 to each of our directors, other than Bryan McLaren, whose compensation is described above in the 2022
Summary Compensation Table . 

2022 Director Compensation 

Name 
 Fees Earned 
or Paid in 
Cash ) 
 Stock 
Awards ) (1) 
 All Other 
Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Art Friedman 
 - 
 69,035 
 - 
 69,035 
 
 David G. Honaman 
 - 
 69,035 
 - 
 69,035 
 
 Alex McLaren, MD 
 - 
 69,035 
 - 
 69,035 
 
 Derek Overstreet 
 - 
 69,035 
 - 
 69,035 
 
 Jody Kane 
 - 
 69,035 
 - 
 69,035 

(1) 
 As
 required by SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect the grant date or modification date fair value as required by FASB ASC
 Topic 718. A discussion of the assumptions and methodologies used to calculate these amounts is contained in the notes to our financial
 statements under Shareholders Deficit . In January 2022, each director listed above received 105,000 stock options
 to purchase 105,000 shares of restricted stock at 0.78 per share. 

55 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial
ownership of our common stock and preferred stock as of March 28, 2023, by: 

Each
 director and each of our Named Executive Officers, 

All
 executive officers and directors as a group, and 

Each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock. 

As of March 28, 2023, there were 12,201,548 shares of our common stock
outstanding and 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. 

The number of shares of common stock beneficially
owned by each person is determined under the rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership
for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which such person has sole or shared voting power
or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days after the date hereof, through the
exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Unless otherwise indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power (or
shares such power with his or her spouse) with respect to the shares set forth in the following table. The inclusion herein of any shares
deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares. 

Common Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and 
Nature of 
Beneficial 
Ownership 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors: 

Bryan McLaren 
 250,000 (1) 
 2.0 
 
 Berekk Blackwell 
 60,879 (2) 

Daniel Gauthier 
 34,750 (8) 

Art Friedman 
 179,725 (3) 
 1.2 
 
 Alex McLaren, MD 
 1,711,667 (4) 
 14.0 
 
 David G. Honaman 
 150,000 (5) 
 1.2 
 
 Derek Overstreet, PhD 
 130,000 (6) 
 1.1 
 
 Jody Kane 
 101,521 (7) 

All executive officers and directors as a group (eight persons) 
 2,618,542 (9) 
 20.6 

Other 5 Stockholders: 

Greg Johnston c/o Zoned Properties, Inc. 8360 E. Raintree Drive #230 Scottsdale, AZ 85260 
 1,262,500 
 10.4 

Melinda Jay Johnston c/o Zoned Properties, Inc. 8360 E. Raintree Drive #230 Scottsdale, AZ 85260 
 1,250,000 
 10.3 

Joseph Bartonek c/o Zoned Properties, Inc. 8360 E. Raintree Drive #230 Scottsdale, AZ 85260 
 756,250 
 6.2 

Less
 than 1 . 
 
 (1) 
 Includes
 200,000 vested stock options. 
 
 (2) 
 Consists
 of 50,000 vested stock options. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes
 35,000 vested stock options. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes
 1,501,667 shares held by McLaren Family LLLP. Dr. McLaren is the general partner of McLaren Family LLLP and has voting and dispositive
 power over such shares and includes 50,000 vested stock options. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes
 50,000 vested stock options. 
 
 (6) 
 Includes
 45,000 vested stock options. 
 
 (7) 
 Includes
 35,000 vested stock options and 13,175 shares owned by Diamond Bridge Capital, LP, which is 50 owned by Mr. Kane. Mr. Kane s
 shares voting and dispositive power over these shares with the other 50 owner of Diamond Bridge Capital, LP. 
 
 (8) 
 Includes
 25,000 vested stock options. 
 
 (9) 
 Includes
 490,000 vested stock options. 

56 

Preferred Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares of 
Preferred Stock 
Beneficially 
Owned 
 Percent of 
Class 
Beneficially 
Owned 
 Percent of 
Voting 
Power (1) 
 
 Greg Johnston c/o Zoned Properties, Inc. 8360 E. Raintree Drive #230 Scottsdale, AZ 85260 
 1,000,000 
 50.0 
 45.5 (2) 

Alex McLaren c/o Zoned Properties, Inc. 8360 E. Raintree Drive #230 Scottsdale, AZ 85260 
 1,000,000 (3) 
 50.0 
 45.8 (4) 

(1) 
 As
 a result of the multiple votes accorded to holders of the preferred stock (50 votes per share), Mr. Johnston and Dr. McLaren have
 the ability to control the outcome of all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. The percent
 of voting power in the table gives effect to the holder s beneficial ownership of common stock and preferred stock. 
 
 (2) 
 Combined
 with Mr. Johnston s common stockholdings, Mr. Johnston holds 45.5 of the voting power of the Company. 
 
 (3) 
 Shares
 are held by McLaren Family LLLP. Dr. McLaren is the general partner of McLaren Family LLLP and has voting and dispositive power over
 such shares. 
 
 (4) 
 Combined
 with Dr. McLaren s common stockholdings, Dr. McLaren holds 45.8 of the voting power of the Company. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

We do not have a written policy for the review,
approval or ratification of transactions with related parties or conflicted transactions. When such transactions arise, they are referred
to the audit committee for consideration for referral to our board of directors for its consideration. 

Convertible Notes Payable 

On January 9, 2017, the Company issued a convertible
debenture (the McLaren Debenture in the principal amount of 20,000 in favor of Bryan McLaren, the Company s Chief
Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, and a member of the Company s Board of Directors, in exchange for cash from
Mr. McLaren of 20,000. The McLaren Debenture accrued interest at the rate of 6 per annum payable quarterly by the 1 st of
each quarter and matured on January 9, 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the McLaren Debenture, Mr. McLaren was entitled to convert all
or a portion of the principal balance and all accrued and unpaid interest due under this McLaren Debenture into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price of 5.00 per share. On January 7, 2022, the Company repaid this debt and all accrued and unpaid interest
due. 

As of December 31, 2021, the principal balance
due under the McLaren Debenture was 20,000. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest
payable due under the McLaren Debenture was 0 and 5,400, respectively, which is included in accrued expenses related party
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
interest expense related party amounted to 600 and 1,200, respectively. 

Director Independence 

Four of our six board members are independent.
The Board has determined that each of Messrs. Friedman, Honaman, Kane and Dr. Overstreet is an independent director pursuant to the NASDAQ
listing standards. Under the NASDAQ rules, no director qualifies as independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that the director
has no material relationship with us (directly, or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with
us). 

57 

In assessing the independence of our directors,
the Board considers all of the business relationships between the Company and our directors and their respective affiliated companies.
This review is based primarily on the Company s review of its own records and on responses of the directors to questions in a questionnaire
regarding employment, business, familial, compensation and other relationships with the Company and our management. Where relationships
exist, the Board determines whether the relationship between the Company and the directors or the directors affiliated companies
impairs the directors independence. After consideration of the directors relationships with the Company, the Board has
affirmatively determined that none of the individuals serving as non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
had a material relationship with us and that each of such non-employee directors is independent. 

Bryan McLaren was not considered an independent
director during his service on the Board during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 because of his employment as our Chairman of
the Board, CEO, CFO, and Treasurer. Alex McLaren, MD was not considered an independent director during his service on the Board during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 because Dr. McLaren is the father of Bryan . 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table sets forth the fees that
were billed or that will be billed to our company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for professional services rendered by
D. Brooks and Associates CPAs, P.A.: 

Fees 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 49,500 
 46,500 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Tax Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Other Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Total Fees 
 49,500 
 46,500 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees were for professional services rendered
for the audits of our financial statements and for review of our quarterly financial statements. 

Audit-Related Fees 

During 2022 and 2021, our independent registered
public accountants did not provide any assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
review or our financial statements that are not reported under the caption Audit Fees above. 

Tax Fees 

As our independent registered public accountants
did not provide any services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning during 2022 and 2021, no tax fees were billed or paid
during those fiscal years. 

All Other Fees 

Our independent registered public accountants
did not provide any products and services not disclosed in the table above during 2022 and 2021. As a result, there were no other fees
billed or paid during 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Our Audit Committee pre-approves all services
provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by our Audit Committee before the
respective services were rendered. 

Our board of directors has considered the nature
and amount of fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firm and believe that the provision of services for activities
unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining their respective independence. 

58 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended, of Zoned Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-208226) filed by the
Company on November 25, 2015). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Zoned Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-208226) filed by the
Company on November 25, 2015). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of registrant's securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 Board
 Member Agreement dated as of October 1, 2014 by and between the registrant and Alex McLaren (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-208226) filed by the
Company on November 25, 2015) . 
 
 10.2+ 
 
 Board Member Agreement dated as of October 1, 2014 by and between the registrant and Art Friedman (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-208226) filed by the
Company on November 25, 2015). 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 Board Member Agreement dated as of September 26, 2016 by and between the registrant and David G, Honaman (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC by the Company on March 27, 2017). 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Board
 Member Agreement effective April 1, 2017 by and between Zoned Properties, Inc. and Derek Overstreet (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on April
4, 2017) . 
 
 10.5 
 
 Stock
 Option Grant Notice and Agreement between registrant and Newbridge Financial, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-208226) filed by the
Company on November 25, 2015). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Deed
 of Trust dated March 7, 2015 in favor of Investment Property Exchange Services, Inc. covering Tempe, AZ property (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-208226) filed by the
Company on November 25, 2015). 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Stock
 Option Grant Notice and Agreement dated December 20, 2015 between Zoned Properties, Inc. and Bryan McLaren (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on January
7, 2016). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Commercial Lease by and between Zoned Properties, Inc., C3C3 Group, LLC and Alan Abrams (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on August
25, 2016). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Third
 Amendment to Commercial Lease by and between Chino Valley Properties, LLC, C3C3 Group, LLC and Alan Abrams (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on October
13, 2016). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Convertible
 Debenture dated January 9, 2017 Issued by Zoned Properties, Inc. in Favor of Alan Abrams (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on January
12, 2017). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Convertible
 Debenture dated January 9, 2017 Issued by Zoned Properties, Inc. in Favor of Bryan McLaren (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on January
12, 2017). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Fourth
 Amendment to Commercial Lease by and between Chino Valley Properties, LLC, C3C3 Group, LLC and Alan Abrams (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on April
4, 2017). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Third
 Amendment to Commercial Lease by and between Zoned Properties, Inc., C3C3 Group, LLC and Alan Abrams, and Zoned Arizona Properties,
 LLC, dated as of October 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on October
3, 2017) . 
 
 10.14 
 
 Licensed
 Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated May 1, 2018 by and between Chino Valley Properties, LLC and Broken
 Arrow Herbal Center, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on May
3, 2018). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Licensed
 Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated May 1, 2018 by and between Green Valley Group, LLC and Broken Arrow
 Herbal Center, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on May
3, 2018). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Licensed
 Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated May 1, 2018 by and between Zoned Arizona Properties, LLC and CJK,
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on May
3, 2018). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Licensed
 Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated May 1, 2018 by and between Kingman Property Group, LLC and CJK,
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the SEC by the Company on May 3, 2018). 
 
 10.18+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between the registrant and Bryan McLaren dated May 23, 2018 (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on May
24, 2018). 
 
 10.19+ 
 
 Golden
 Parachute Agreement by and between the registrant and Bryan McLaren dated May 23, 2018 (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on May
24, 2018). 

59 

10.20 
 
 Amendment to Convertible Debenture entered into as of January 2, 2019 by and between Zoned Properties, Inc. and Alan Abrams (i ncorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on January 3, 2019). 
 
 10.21 
 
 First Amendment to Licensed Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated January 1, 2019 by and between Chino Valley Properties, LLC and Broken Arrow Herbal Center, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on January 3, 2019). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Convertible Debenture issued March 19, 2020 from KCB Jade Holdings, LLC (i ncorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on March 23, 2020). 
 
 10.23 
 
 First Amendment to Licensed Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated as of May 31, 2020, by and between Zoned Arizona Properties, LLC and CJK, Inc. (i ncorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on June 4, 2020). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Second Amendment to Licensed Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated as of May 31, 2020, by and between Chino Valley Properties, LLC and Broken Arrow Herbal Center, Inc. (i ncorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on June 4, 2020). 
 
 10.25 
 
 First Amendment to Licensed Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated as of May 31, 2020, by and between Green Valley Properties, LLC and Broken Arrow Herbal Center, Inc. (i ncorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on June 4, 2020). 
 
 10.26 
 
 First Amendment to Licensed Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated as of May 31, 2020, by and between Kingman Property Group, LLC and CJK, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on June 4, 2020). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Amended and Restated Convertible Debenture issued February 19, 2021 from KCB Jade Holdings, LLC (i ncorporated by reference to exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on February 19, 2021). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Vacant Land/Lot Purchase Contract between AZ2CAL Enterprises, LLC (as Buyer) and Gilbert Property Management, LLC (as Seller) dated April 15, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 99.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on June 9, 2021). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Amendment to Vacant Land/Lot Purchase Contract between AZ2CAL Enterprises, LLC (as Buyer) and Gilbert Property Management, LLC (as Seller) dated May 17, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 99.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on June 9, 2021). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Convertible Debenture issued by KCB Jade Holdings, LLC in favor of the registrant (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on August 4, 2021). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Third Amendment to the Licensed Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated May 1, 2018, between Chino Valley and CJK, Inc. CJK ), as amended, entered into on August 23, 2021 and effective September 1, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on August 24, 2021). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on August 24, 2021). 
 
 10.33 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Regulated Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated May 1, 2018, between Chino Valley and CJK, Inc., as amended, entered into on January 24, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on January 25, 2022). 
 
 10.34 
 
 Second Amendment to the Licensed Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated November 30, 2022 between Zoned Arizona Properties, LLC and VSM AZ LLC (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on December 2, 2022). 
 
 10.35 
 
 Guaranty of Payment and Performance, dated November 30, 2022, by GDL Inc. in favor of Zoned Arizona Properties, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on December 2, 2022). 
 
 10.36 
 
 Second Amendment to the Licensed Medical Marijuana Facility Triple Net (NNN) Lease Agreement dated November 30, 2022 between Kingman Property Group, LLC and CJK, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on December 2, 2022). 
 
 10.37 
 
 Option Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2022, by and between ZP RE MI Woodward, LLC and FL MI RE 22, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on December 5, 2022). 
 
 10.38 
 
 Master Agreement for Purchase and Sale, dated as of November 29, 2022, by and among ZP RE MI Woodward, LLC, FL MI RE 22, LLC, Thomas Nafso and Ammar Kattoula (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on December 5, 2022). 
 
 10.39 
 
 Licensed Cannabis Facility Absolute Net Lease Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2022, by and between ZP RE MI Woodward, LLC and Rapid Fish 2 LLC. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on December 5, 2022). 
 
 10.40 
 
 Real Estate Repurchase Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2022, by and among ZP RE MI Woodward, LLC, FL MI RE 22, LLC, Thomas Nafso and Ammar Kattoula (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on December 5, 2022). 
 
 10.41 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2022, by and between Zoned Arizona Properties, LLC and East West Bank. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on July 12, 2022). 

60 

10.42 
 
 Variable Rate Note, dated as of July 11, 2022, issued by Zoned Arizona Properties, LLC in favor of East West Bank. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on July 12, 2022). 
 
 10.43 
 
 Guaranty, dated as of July 11, 2022, executed by Zoned Arizona Properties, LLC in favor of East West Bank. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on July 12, 2022). 
 
 10.44+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, entered into on July 26, 2022 and effective as of July 1, 2022, by and between the registrant and Berekk Blackwell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on July 27, 2022). 
 
 10.45 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions, dated October 5, 2022, by and between ZP RE Holdings, LLC a wholly owned subsidiary of the registrant, and Neal Bradley Starr (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on October 12, 2022). 
 
 10.46+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, entered into on May 27, 2022 and dated as of June 1, 2022, by and between the registrant and Daniel Gauthier (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on May 31, 2022). 
 
 10.47+ 
 
 Stock Option Agreement, entered into on May 27, 2022 and dated as of July 1, 2022, by and between the registrant and Mr. Gauthier (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on May 31, 2022). 
 
 10.48 
 
 First Amendment Loan Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2022, by and between Zoned Arizona Properties, LLC and East West Bank (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on December 9, 2022). 
 
 10.49 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of December 7, 2022, issued by Zoned Arizona Properties, LLC in favor of East West Bank (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on December 9, 2022). 
 
 10.50 
 
 Acknowledgement of Amendment and Reaffirmation of Guaranty, dated as of December 7, 2022, executed by Zoned Arizona Properties, LLC in favor of East West Bank (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on December 9, 2022). 
 
 10.51 
 
 Interest Rate Swap Transaction Confirmation, dated as of December 7, 2022, by and between Zoned Arizona Properties, LLC and East West Bank (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on December 9, 2022). 
 
 10.52 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of December 2, 2022, by and between FL MI RE 22, LLC and ZP RE MI Woodward, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on March 2, 2023). 
 
 10.53 
 
 Land Contract, dated as of November 30, 2022, by and between The Thomas A. Pearlman Revocable Trust U/A/D 6/13/2005 and FL MI RE 22, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on March 2, 2023). 
 
 10.54 
 
 Land Contract, dated as of February 24, 2023, by and between Gangnier Investments LLC and ZP RE MI Woodward, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on March 2, 2023). 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm D, Brooks and Associates CPA s P.A. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 INLINE XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

+ 
 Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

ITEM 16. 10-K SUMMARY 

As permitted, the registrant has elected not
to supply a summary of information required by Form 10-K. 

61 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Zoned Properties,
 Inc. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Bryan McLaren 

Bryan McLaren 

Chief Executive Officer and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

Each person whose signature
appears below hereby appoints Bryan McLaren as attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to execute in the name and on behalf
of the registrant and each such person, individually and in each capacity stated below, one or more amendments to the annual report on
Form 10-K, which amendments may make such changes in the report as the attorney-in-fact acting deems appropriate and to file any such
amendment to the annual report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Bryan McLaren 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, And Treasurer 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Bryan McLaren 
 
 (principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

/s/ Derek Overstreet 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Derek Overstreet 

/s/ Art Friedman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Art Friedman 

/s/ Alex McLaren 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Alex McLaren 

/s/ David G. Honaman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 David G. Honaman 

/s/ Jody Kame 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Jody Kane 

62 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 to F-40 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Zoned Properties, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Zoned Properties, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and related notes (collectively referred to
as the consolidated financial statements) 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2018. 

March 28, 2023 

F- 2 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Deferred rent receivable 

Lease incentive receivable 
 
 -

Rental properties, net 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Escrow deposits 
 
 -

Convertible note receivable 
 -

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use asset, net 
 
 -

Intangible asset, net 
 -

Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 

Investment in equity securities 
 
 -

Security deposits 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

LIABILITIES: 

Convertible note payable 

Convertible note payable - related party 
 -

Notes payable, net 
 
 -

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liability 
 
 -

Accrued interest - related party 
 -

Contract liabilities 

Derivative liability - interest rate swap, at fair value 
 
 -

Security deposits payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 per share liquidation preference or 

Common stock: par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

REVENUES: 

Property investment portfolio revenues: 

Rental revenues 

Real estate services revenues: 

Advisory revenues 

Brokerage revenues 

Total real estate services revenues 

Total revenues 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Compensation and benefits 

Professional fees 

Brokerage fees 

General and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Real estate taxes 

Gain on sale of property and equipment 

Total operating expenses, net 

(LOSS) INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER (EXPENSES) INCOME: 

Interest expenses 

Interest expenses - related party 

Interest income 

Change in fair value of interest rate swap 
 
 -

Loss on note receivable investment 
 
 -

Impairment loss from unconsolidated joint ventures 
 -

Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures 

Total other expenses, net 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 -
 
 -

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: 

Basic and diluted

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic and diluted

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 -

-

Common stock issued for intangible asset 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of stock-based compensation related to stock options issued 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Accretion of stock-based compensation related to stock options issued 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization expense 

Amortization of debt discount 
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 -

Stock option expense 

Loss on note receivable investment 
 
 -

Lease costs 
 
 -

Impairment loss from unconsolidated joint ventures 
 -

Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures 

Gain on sale of rental property and equipment 

Change in fair value of interest rate swap 
 
 -

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Deferred rent receivable 

Lease incentive receivable 
 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Security deposit 
 
 -

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related parties 

Contract liabilities 

Security deposits payable 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of convertible note receivable 
 -

Lease incentive provided to tenant 
 
 -

Purchases of rental properties and improvements 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net proceeds from sale of rental property 
 -

Increase in escrow deposits 
 
 -

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 
 
 -

Investment in joint ventures and equity securities 

NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 
 -

Payment of deferred financing fees 

Repayment of notes payable 
 
 -

Repayment of note payable - related party 
 
 -

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
 -

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH, beginning of year 

CASH, end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest paid 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Common stock issued for intangible asset 
 -

Increase in right of use asset and lease liability 
 
 -

Acquisition of rental properties financed through note payable 
 
 -

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

equity interest in two joint ventures
(see Note 7). 

F- 7 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively, which represents
 and of the Company s total revenues, respectively (see Note 3). 

F- 8 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

-

-

F- 9 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively, of cash in excess of FDIC limits of . Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds above the
FDIC limit could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

which is included in other income
(expenses) on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and consisting of convertible notes receivable and interest receivable
amounting to and , respectively. In connection with management s analysis, the Company considered the current financial
position of KCB Jade Holdings, LLC KCB ), cash on hand, probability of obtaining additional capital or cash flows from working
capital in the near term and industry headwinds from macro-industry factors. Based on this analysis, the Company concluded that deriving
any future benefit more this investment was highly uncertain. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not record any
allowances for doubtful accounts. 

F- 10 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

to years. Tenant improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis
over the lives of the related leases, which approximate the useful lives of the assets. 

for furniture and fixtures, and to for vehicles.
Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Upon sale or retirement of property and equipment, the related
cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in statements of operations. 

F- 11 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

F- 12 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

to . On May 31, 2020, the Chino Valley lease was modified
to decrease the monthly base rent from to and the Tempe lease was modified to increase the monthly base rent from 
to . On August 23, 2021 and effective September 1, 2021, the Chino Valley lease was amended, and the monthly base rent was increased
to due to additional space of square feet being leased to the lessee. On January 24, 2022 and effective on March 1, 2022,
the Chino Valley lease was amended and the monthly base rent was increased to due to additional space of square feet being
leased to the lessee, increasing the premises to a total of square feet of operational space. In connection with this lease amendment,
the Company paid to the tenant as a tenant improvement allowance or lease incentive for investment into the premises, which was
capitalized as a lease incentive receivable and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term as a reduction to
the lease income. The increase in monthly rent was commensurate with the additional space being leased; therefore, this modification qualifies
as a separate contract under ASC 842 which does not require lease classification reassessment. The Company excludes short-term leases having initial terms of 12-months or less as an accounting policy election
and recognizes rent expense on a straight-lines basis over the lease term. 

and , respectively (see Note 3).
Additionally, if the lease provides for tenant improvements, the Company determines whether the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes,
are owned by the tenant or the Company. When the Company is the owner of the tenant improvements, the tenant is not considered to have
taken physical possession or have control of the physical use of the leased asset until the tenant improvements are substantially completed.

based on the information available at the adoption date or execution of a lease agreement in determining
the present value of future payments. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term
and is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 13 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Stock options 

F- 14 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

F- 15 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

years, expiring , and (ii) abatement of rent that would otherwise have been due for the
month of April 2018 under the prior Chino Valley Lease. The 2018 Chino Valley Lease provided for payment by Broken Arrow of a fixed monthly
base rent of , as well as real property taxes, personal property taxes, privilege, sales, rental, excise, use and/or other taxes
(excluding income or estate taxes) levied upon or assessed against Chino Valley. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the 2018 Chino
Valley Lease, Broken Arrow agreed to maintain insurance in full force during the term of the 2018 Chino Valley Lease and any other period
of occupancy of the premises by Broken Arrow. On January 1, 2019, Chino Valley and Broken Arrow entered into that the First Amendment
to the 2018 Chino Valley Lease (the 2019 Chino Valley Lease Amendment ), pursuant to which the monthly base rent was increased
from to . Except for the increase in base rent, the terms of the 2018 Chino Valley Lease remain in full force and effect. 

per month, and the base rent was abated from June 1, 2020 to July 31, 2020. Any increase in the rentable area
of the leased premises will result in an increase in all amounts calculated based on the same, including, without limitation, base rent.
 In addition, the parties agreed that from the period
from the Effective Date to June 30, 2022 (the Improvement Period ), Broken Arrow will and/or Broken Arrow will cause its
affiliate, CJK, to invest a combined total of at least of improvements Investment by Tenants in and to the
property that is the subject of the Chino Valley Lease and the property that is the subject of the Tempe Lease (discussed below, and collectively
referred to as the Facilities ). The Company s Significant Tenants have completed the Investment by Tenants to the
Facilities totaling in excess of and have satisfied the contractual obligations related to the same. 

per square foot per month by the new operational square footage. Accordingly, in the Third Chino Valley Amendment, the parties
agreed that, as of September 1, 2021, the rental payment is increased to per month base rental payment, plus additional rental
payments, as a result of the increase in the square footage to square feet of operational space. This lease modification qualifies
as a separate contract as the modification grants the tenant additional right of use not included in the original lease, as amended, and
the increase in monthly rent payments is commensurate with the standalone price for the additional square footage being leased. 

square
feet have become operational, increasing the premises to a total of square feet of operational space. In connection with the Fourth
Chino Valley Amendment, the Company paid to Tenant as a tenant improvement allowance or lease incentive for investment into the
premises, which was capitalized as a lease incentive receivable and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term
as a reduction to the lease income. Pursuant to the terms of the Fourth Chino Valley Amendment, effective March 1, 2022, the monthly base
rent was increased to , representing an increase from per square foot to per square foot, for all current and future
operational square footage that may be developed as the premises continues to expand. 

F- 16 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

years, expiring , and (ii) abatement of rent that would otherwise have been due for the month of April
2018 under the prior Green Valley Lease. The Green Valley Lease provided for payment by Broken Arrow of a fixed monthly base rent of ,
as well as real property taxes, personal property taxes, privilege, sales, rental, excise, use and/or other taxes (excluding income or
estate taxes) levied upon or assessed against Chino Valley. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Green Valley Lease, Broken Arrow
agreed to maintain insurance in full force during the term of the Green Valley Lease and any other period of occupancy of the premises
by Broken Arrow. 

from June 1,
2020 to July 31, 2020. In addition, the Green Valley Amendment provides that any increase in the rentable area of the leases premises
will result in an increase in all amounts calculated based on the same, including, without limitation, base rent. 

years, expiring
 , and (ii) abatement of rent that would otherwise have been due for the month of April 2018 under the prior Tempe Leases.
The Tempe Lease provided for payment by CJK of a fixed monthly base rent of , as well as real property taxes, personal property
taxes, privilege, sales, rental, excise, use and/or other taxes (excluding income or estate taxes) levied upon or assessed against Zoned
Arizona. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Tempe Lease, CJK agreed to maintain insurance in full force during the term of the
Tempe Lease and any other period of occupancy of the premises by CJK. 

per month, and the base rent was abated from June 1, 2020
to July 31, 2020. Any increase in the rentable area of the leased premises will result in an increase in all amounts calculated based
on the same, including, without limitation, base rent. 

on or before June 30, 2022, Broken
Arrow and CJK will be in default under the Chino Valley Lease and Tempe Lease, as amended. The Company s Significant Tenants have
completed the Investment by Tenants to the Facilities totaling in excess of and have satisfied the contractual obligations
related to the same. 

F- 17 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

The Guaranty of Payment and Performance was entered into on November 30, 2022. If VSM fails to deliver to Zoned Arizona invoices
or other documentation acceptable to Zoned Arizona showing the Capital Commitment has been satisfied in a timely manner, VSM will be in
default under the Tempe Lease. No other terms of the Tempe Lease were modified. Therefore, the Company s accounting for the lease
remained unchanged subsequent to the Tempe Second Amendment and Assignment. 

assignment fees into rental revenue on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of the lease through April 2040. On December 31,
2022, contract liability related to this lease modification amount to which has been presented on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. 

years, expiring
 , and (ii) abatement of rent that would otherwise have been due for the month of April 2018 under the Prior Kingman Lease.
The Kingman Lease provides for payment by CJK of a fixed monthly base rent of , as well as real property taxes, personal property
taxes, privilege, sales, rental, excise, use and/or other taxes (excluding income or estate taxes) levied upon or assessed against Kingman.
In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Kingman Lease, CJK agreed to maintain insurance in full force during the term of the Kingman
Lease and any other period of occupancy of the premises by CJK. 

base rent from June 1, 2020 to July 31, 2020. In addition, the Kingman
Amendment provides that any increase in the rentable area of the leases premises will result in an increase in all amounts calculated
based on the same, including, without limitation, base rent. 

F- 18 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

-year
options to extend the term, exercisable by the Woodward Tenant pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Woodward Lease. The Woodward
Lease contains customary obligations of the Woodward Tenant consistent with an absolute triple net lease agreement, including (i) the
payment of real property taxes, personal property taxes, privilege, sales, rental, excise, use and/or other taxes (excluding income or
estate taxes), (ii) payment of insurance premiums and operating costs of ZP Woodward related to the operation of the Woodward Property,
and (iii) maintenance and repair obligations to maintain the Woodward Property in first-class retail condition. The Woodward Lease includes
a Guaranty of Payment and Performance by Ammar Kattoula and Thomas Nafso. The Woodward Lease contains an abatement of the full or partial
rent that would otherwise have been due for the months from December 2022 to March 2023. Subsequent to the abatement period, the Woodward
Lease provides for payment by the tenant of monthly base rent beginning at per month and increasing by per year over the term
of the lease, as well as real property taxes, personal property taxes, privilege, sales, rental, excise, use and/or other taxes (excluding
income or estate taxes) levied upon or assessed against the Company. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Woodward Lease, the Woodward
Tenant agreed to maintain insurance in full force during the term of the Woodward Lease and any other period of occupancy of the premises
by the tenant. The tenant shall have the option, exercisable by written notice to ZP Woodward given not later than 180 days prior to the
expiration of the then current term, to extend the term for two further terms of five years each on the same terms and conditions as provided
in this Lease. 

and , respectively. Future minimum lease payments primarily
consist of minimum base rent payments from the collective Significant Tenants. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

F- 19 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Broken Arrow 

VSM 

-
 
 -

Woodward Tenant 

-
 
 -

Total 

of the Company s rental revenue in future periods. 

and is due collectively from the Significant Tenants due to the abatement of rent under the lease
agreements discussed above, respectively, and as of December 31, 2022, a lease incentive receivable of is due from one of the
Significant Tenants, in connection with the tenant improvement allowance provided to tenant pursuant to the Chino Valley amendment
executed during the year ended December 31, 2022 (see above). Additionally, as discussed above, VSM paid Zoned Arizona the Assignment
Price. The Company considers the assignment fee paid as a part of the lease payments for the modified lease and shall amortize the 
assignment fees into rental revenue on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of the modified lease through April 2040. On December
31, 2022, deferred revenue related to this lease modification amounted to and is included in contract liabilities on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet. 

The Company monitors
the credit of all tenants to stay abreast of any material changes in credit quality. The Company monitors tenant credit by (1) reviewing
financial statements and related metrics and information that are publicly available or that are provided to us upon request, and (2)
monitoring the timeliness of rent collections. 

and of the Company s total assets, respectively. Through December 31, 2022, all rental payments
have been made on a timely basis. 

F- 20 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

- 

Land 
 - 

Rental properties, at cost 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Rental properties, net 

. In connection with the sale,
the Company received net proceeds of and recorded a gain on sale of rental property of . 

including cash of , and
a land contract promissory note of (see Note 8). The properties consist of approximately square feet of land with approximately
 square feet of rentable buildings space. Simultaneously, the Company paid cash of to the Woodward Assignor in assignment
fees and deposits for the rights to acquire two adjacent properties (the Parking Lots ), which is reflected as escrow deposits
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. Subsequent to year-end 2022, in February 2023, ZP Woodward exercised
its rights and acquired the adjacent Parking Lots (See Note 16). On November 29, 2022, the Woodward Properties and the Parking Lots were
leased to the Woodward Tenant pursuant to the Woodward Lease (See Note 3). 

and , respectively. 

F- 21 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

into KCB Jade Holdings, LLC KCB ), an entity founded by an individual related to the Company s
President and Chief Operating Officer. KCB, doing business as Open D r Dispensaries, is committed to guiding retailers through
the chaos of cannabis. KCB is interested in cannabis dispensary license holders who want to elevate the experience of regulated cannabis
utilizing the Open D r Dispensaries retail model as franchisee partners. In exchange for the investment, KCB issued to the Company
a convertible debenture (the KCB Debenture dated March 19, 2020 (the Issuance Date in the original principal
amount of . The KCB Debenture bears interest at the rate of per annum and matures on (the Maturity
Date ). Interest on the outstanding principal sum of the KCB Debenture commences accruing on the Issuance Date and is computed on
the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed and shall be payable annually due by the first day of each calendar
anniversary following the Issuance Date. KCB may prepay the KCB Debenture at any point after 18 months following the Issuance Date, in
whole or in part. However, if KCB elects to prepay the KCB Debenture prior to the Maturity Date or prior to any conversion as provided
in the KCB Debenture in whole or in part, the Company will be entitled to receive a number of KCB units, in addition to such prepayment
amount, constituting of the total outstanding units and of the total percentage interest following such issuance and at the time
of such issuance. 

of the total number of units issued and outstanding at the
time of conversion, constituting of the total percentage interest (the Conversion Percentage ). If KCB defaults on payment
of the KCB Debenture, the Company may, at its option, extend all conversion rights, through and including the date KCB tenders or attempts
to tender payment in full of all amounts due under the KCB Debenture. Conversion rights terminate upon acceptance by the Company of payment
in full of principal, accrued interest and any other amounts due under the KCB Debenture. 

of the total outstanding units
and of the total percentage interest following such issuance and at the time of such issuance. 

per annum from the due date thereof until paid. 

F- 22 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

into KCB (the Additional Investment ). In exchange, KCB issued to the
Company an amended and restated convertible debenture (the A R Debenture on the Amendment Date. The A R Debenture
amends and restates in its entirety the KCB Debenture. Pursuant to the A R Debenture, the Company and KCB agreed to certain new terms
that did not exist in the KCB Debenture, which are described below. 

of any Initial Fee received by KCB after the Amendment Date, as well as of any Renewal Fee received by KCB related to any franchise locations sold after the Amendment Date, in each case to be paid within five (5) days of receipt of KCB thereof. 

per year from the date the obligation was due. 

F- 23 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

which consisted of convertible notes receivable and interest
receivable amounted to and , respectively. In connection with management s analysis, the Company considered the
current financial situation of KCB and an assessment of KCB s franchising opportunity in the cannabis industry from a macro-industry
perspective. Based on this analysis, management concluded that realizing any future benefits from this investment was uncertain; therefore,
the loss on the note receivable investment was recorded which has been reflected in other (income) expenses on the consolidated statements
of operations. 

. On December 31, 2021, convertible note receivable and interest receivable amounted to 
and , respectively. 

(the Guaranteed Term ). During the Guaranteed Term, neither party may terminate the engagement letter, except for Cause 
as defined in the engagement letter. In connection with the engagement letter, the Company issued shares of its common stock for
the acquisition of brokerage materials and active real estate listings. In the event of termination of the engagement letter due to cause
with respect to the consultant, the consultant must return to the Company a portion of the stock equal to the remaining portion of the
Guaranteed Term. The shares were valued at their fair value of using the quoted per share price on the date of grant of .
In connection with these shares, on April 1, 2021, the Company recorded an intangible asset of which was amortized over the one-year
term of the engagement letter. 

year 

Less: accumulated amortization 

-

and , respectively. 

F- 24 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively. The entities listed below are partially owned by
the Company. The Company accounts for these investments under the equity method of accounting as the Company exercises significant influence
but does not exercise financial and operating control over these entities. Investments are reviewed for changes in circumstance or the
occurrence of events that suggest an other than temporary event where the Company s investment may not be recoverable. A summary
of the Company s original investments in the unconsolidated affiliated entities and net carrying value amount is as follows: 

-
 
 -

Zoneomics Green, LLC (the Zoneomics Green Joint Venture 

Total investments in unconsolidated joint venture entities 

, which represent of the membership interests of Beakon. Each unit represents, with respect to any member, such member s:
(i) interest in Beakon s capital, (ii) share of Beakon s net profits and net losses (and specially allocated items of income,
gain, and deduction), and the right to receive distributions of net cash flow from Beakon, (iii) right to inspect Beakon s books
and records, and (iv) right to participate in the management of and vote on matters coming before the members as provided in the Beakon
Operating Agreement. The transactions discussed above resulted in a joint venture, in accordance with ASC 323-10 Investments-
Equity and Joint Ventures, between ZP Data 1 and the non-affiliated party. Each of the entities has equity ownership and voting
rights, and joint control in Beakon. ZP Data 1 accounts for its investment in Beakon under the equity method of accounting in accordance
with ASC 323. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company contributed to Beakon. Currently, the licensing company and
Beakon have completed the creation of the foundational design, technology platform, and market positioning for Beakon to launch in the
cannabis industry. However, in order to successfully launch, the technology platform relies upon a required merchant banking component.
This was the primary risk for the Company in its financial investment and for Beakon in moving to a successful launch. While Company management
knew this risk was a major factor going into the investment, it was not foreseen exactly when an appropriate merchant banking solution
would be available given the federal status of regulated cannabis and specifically the federal banking status as it relates to regulated
cannabis, even for ancillary services such as Beakon. During the fourth quarter of 2021, a negative open memo was published and distributed
by Visa regarding merchant banking in regulated industries. The Company believes that this occurrence has unexpectedly and significantly
increased the risk to the Beakon project and must be remedied prior to the launch of Beakon. The uncertainty related to cannabis banking
reform and regulation at the federal level, which the Beakon platform relies upon, is now so uncertain that the Company believes it is
most appropriate to cause an impairment of the Beakon investment at this time, while also understanding that Beakon may still very well
create material value for the Company in the future. The Company has no further financial or investment obligations at this time. Accordingly,
on December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an other-than-temporary impairment loss of because it was determined that the fair
value of its equity method investment in Beakon was less than its carrying value. Based on management s evaluation, it was determined
that due to market and regulatory conditions, implementing the Company s business model was at risk and that the Company s
ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment in Beakon was impaired. Beacon is currently inactive. For the year ended December 31,
2021, the impairment loss is included in impairment loss from unconsolidated joint ventures on the consolidated statement of operations. 

F- 25 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

, which represents of the membership interests of Zoneomics Green and the
other joint venture partner received of the membership interests for no capital contributions. Each unit represents, with respect
to any member, such member s: (i) interest in Zoneomics Green s capital, (ii) share of Zoneomics Green s net profits
and net losses (and specially allocated items of income, gain, and deduction), and the right to receive distributions of net cash flow
from Zoneomics Green, (iii) right to inspect Zoneomics Green s books and records, and (iv) right to participate in the management
of and vote on matters coming before the members as provided in the Zoneomics Green Operating Agreement. The transactions discussed above
resulted in a joint venture, in accordance with ASC 323-10 Investments- Equity and Joint Ventures, between the Company
and the non-affiliated party. Each of the entities has equity ownership and voting rights, and joint control in Zoneomics Green. In
June 2021, the Company contributed to Zoneomics Green. 

Total assets 

Liabilities 
 -
 
 -

Equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

Net loss 

Company s share of loss from unconsolidated joint ventures 
 -

and , respectively, which represents the Company s
proportionate share of losses from its joint ventures. 

F- 26 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

, or per share. The Company s ownership percentage is less than and it does not have the ability
to exercise significant influence as described in ASC 323-10-15-6. This equity instrument does not have a readily determinable fair value.
Accordingly, the Company elected to measure this equity security at its cost minus impairment, if any. If the Company identifies observable
price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer, the Company shall measure the equity
security at fair value as of the date that the observable transaction occurred. If the Company subsequently elects to measure this equity
security at fair value, the Company shall measure all identical or similar investments of the same issuer, including future purchases
of identical or similar investments of the same issuer, at fair value. The election to measure this equity security at fair value shall
be irrevocable. Any resulting gains or losses on the securities for which that election is made shall be recorded in earnings at the time
of the election. On December 31, 2022, investment in equity securities amounted to . 

-

Note payable - Woodward Property 
 
 -

Total principal due on notes payable 
 
 -

Less: debt discount 
 
 -

Notes payable, net 
 
 -

, and in connection with the First Amendment to the Loan Agreement discussed
below, paid additional fees of . These loan and other fees aggregating are reflected as a debt discount and are being amortized
ratably and charged to interest expense over the term of the related debt. 

F- 27 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

, or (b) a floor rate equal to the sum of the prime rate as of
July 11, 2022 plus . From July 11, 2022 to July 11, 2023, Zoned Arizona was to make interest payments on the outstanding
principal balance of the MAL. From and after July 11, 2023 and continuing until July 11, 2028 (the Maturity Date ),
Zoned Arizona would pay principal together with interest on the MAL in 60 monthly installments based on the interest rate set forth
in the Note and a principal amortization schedule of 25 years from July 11, 2023 (or if Zoned Arizona makes the Early Amortization
Election, from the date such election is made). 

of the amount prepaid. 

, a loan-to-value as determined by the bank-ordered appraisal
completed on the Tempe Property. The Amended Note requires Zoned Arizona to pay monthly principal and interest payments to the Bank at
an interest rate equal to the prime rate plus . The Amended Note matures years after its effective date and payments are calculated
based on a 30-year amortization schedule. In connection with the Amended Note, Zoned Arizona received gross proceeds of and
paid fees of . 

. The Company recorded the swap at fair value in the consolidated balance
sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. The Company has entered into an interest rate swap to mitigate
variability in interest payments on its variable-rate debt. 

. 

and , respectively. 

F- 28 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total principal payments due on December 31, 2022 

in favor of Alan Abrams, who was a significant
stockholder of the Company through December 31, 2018, in exchange for cash from Mr. Abrams of . The Abrams Debenture accrues
interest at the rate of per annum payable quarterly by the 1 st of each quarter and was originally due on January 9, 2022.
On January 2, 2019, as part of a Stock Redemption Agreement, the Company and Mr. Abrams entered into an amendment of the Abrams Debenture
(the Debenture Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the maturity date of the Abrams Debenture from
January 9, 2022 to January 9, 2030. Except as set forth herein, the terms of the Abrams Debenture remain in full force and effect. 

per share. 

per annum. Upon an Event of Default (as defined in the Abrams Debenture), Mr. Abrams may (i) declare the entire principal
amount and all accrued and unpaid interest under the Abrams Debenture immediately due and payable, and (ii) exercise any and all rights,
powers and remedies available to Mr. Abrams at law or in equity or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance
of any covenant or agreement contained in the Abrams Debenture and proceed to enforce the payment thereof or any other legal or equitable
right of Mr. Abrams. 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest payable due under the Abrams
Debenture amounted to , which is included in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense related to the Abrams Debenture amounted to . 

F- 29 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

in favor of Bryan McLaren, the Company s Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors, in exchange for cash from Mr. McLaren of .
The McLaren Debenture accrued interest at the rate of per annum payable quarterly by the 1 st of each quarter and matured
on . Pursuant to the terms of the McLaren Debenture, Mr. McLaren was entitled to convert all or a portion of the principal
balance and all accrued and unpaid interest due under this McLaren Debenture into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion
price of per share. 

and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest payable due
under the McLaren Debenture was and , respectively, which is included in accrued expenses related party on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. 

and , respectively. 

F- 30 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares authorized, . par
value. The preferred stock is not convertible into any other class or series of stock. Voting rights are not subject to adjustment for splits that increase or decrease the common shares
outstanding. Upon liquidation, the holders of the shares will be entitled to receive per share plus redemption provision before
assets distributed to other shareholders. The holders of the shares are entitled to dividends equal to common share dividends. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

shares of common stock to members of the Company s board of directors for services rendered. The shares were valued at
their aggregate fair value of using the quoted per share price on the date of grant of . In connection with these grants,
in January 2021, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of which is included in compensation and benefits on the
consolidated statements of operations. 

shares of its common stock for
the acquisition of brokerage materials and active real estate listings. In the event of termination of the engagement letter due to Cause
with respect to the consultant, the consultant must return to the Company a portion of the stock equal to the remaining portion of the
Guaranteed Term. The shares were valued at their fair value of using the quoted per share price on the date of grant of .
In connection with these shares, on April 1, 2021, the Company recorded an intangible asset of which was amortized over the one-year
term of the engagement letter. 

shares of common stock for issuance
thereunder. The 2016 Plan was approved by shareholders on November 21, 2016. The 2016 Plan s purpose is to encourage ownership in
the Company by employees, officers, directors and consultants whose long-term service the Company considers essential to its continued
progress and, thereby, encourage recipients to act in the stockholders interest and share in the Company s success. The 2016
Plan authorizes the grant of awards in the form of options intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, options that do not qualify (non-statutory stock options) and grants of restricted shares of common
stock. Restricted shares granted pursuant to the 2016 Plan are amortized to expense over the vesting period. Options vest and expire over
a period not to exceed seven years. If any share of common stock underlying a stock option that has been granted ceases to be subject
to a stock option, or if any shares of common stock that are subject to any other stock-based award granted are forfeited or terminate,
such shares shall again be available for distribution in connection with future grants and awards under the 2016 Plan. As of December
31, 2022, stock option awards are outstanding and options are exercisable under the 2016 Plan. As of December 31, 2021,
 stock option awards are outstanding and options are exercisable under the 2016 Plan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 and shares, respectively, were available for future issuance. 

F- 31 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

As of December
31, 2022, options to purchase shares of common stock are outstanding and options are exercisable pursuant to the 2014
Plan. 

of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. 

of the Company s common stock
at an exercise price of per share. 

of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share to members of the Company s
board of directors pursuant to the 2016 Plan. 

of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share to the Company s President
and Chief Operating Officer pursuant to the 2016 Plan. 

F- 32 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share to an employee of the Company pursuant
to the 2016 Plan. 

of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share to the Company s Chief Legal Officer
and Chief Compliance Officer pursuant to the 2016 Plan. 

and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were options outstanding and options vested and exercisable.
As of December 31, 2022, there was of unvested stock-based compensation expense to be recognized through September 2031. The
aggregate intrinsic value on December 31, 2022 was and was calculated based on the difference between the quoted share price on December
31, 2022 of and the exercise price of the underlying options. 

-

Granted 

Balance Outstanding December 31, 2021 

Granted 

-

Balance Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

Balance non-vested on December 31, 2021 

-
 
 -

Granted 

-
 
 -

Vested during the period 

-
 
 -

Balance non-vested on December 31, 2022 

-

F- 33 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

,
and to award Mr. McLaren with an annual and/or quarterly bonus payable in either cash and/or equity of no less than of the Company s
net income for the associated period. 

years. The term and Mr. McLaren s employment will terminate (a Termination in any of the following circumstances: 

F- 34 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

F- 35 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

for his services as President and Chief Operating Officer. The Company may also award Mr. Blackwell discretionary cash
and/or equity bonuses. The Blackwell Employment Agreement has a term of , expiring on July 1, 2023. During the initial term, neither
party may terminate the Blackwell Employment Agreement except for Cause (as defined in the Blackwell Employment Agreement). 

of the matched employee contributions that are not in excess of
 of the employee s plan compensation. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company contributed and 
to the Plan, respectively. 

F- 36 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

year following the
closing of the Master Agreement, the Woodward Assignor or an entity controlled by its principals may acquire membership interest in
ZP Woodward for the price, in cash, of plus interest at a rate of per annum starting on the closing date of the Master Agreement
and ending on the date of closing of the discretionary purchase; and (ii) if at any time following the closing date of the Master Agreement,
ZP RE Holdings, LLC or another entity controlled by the Company acquires certain real property located in Grand Rapids, Michigan owned
by the Woodward Assignor s affiliate, more particularly described in the Master Agreement, for a purchase price of not more than
 , then following such closing ZP Woodward will grant the Woodward Assignor (or its permitted designee) membership interest
in ZP Woodward. 

Real estate services 

Depreciation and amortization: 

Property investment portfolio 

Real estate services 

Interest expense: 

Property investment portfolio 

Real estate services 
 -
 
 -

Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures: 

Property investment portfolio 

Real estate services 
 -
 
 -

Net loss: 

Property investment portfolio (a) 

Real estate services 

F- 37 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Real estate services 
 -
 
 -

, provided the Company
has the option to extend the lease for an additional . The monthly base rent shall be per month through November 30,
2021, from December 1, 2022 through November 30, 2023, and from December 1, 2023 through November 30, 2024. 

and , respectively. which is included in
operating expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

which was based on the Company s incremental borrowing
rate. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Balance of ROU assets 

2024 

Total minimum non-cancelable operating lease payments 

Less: discount to fair value 

Total lease liability on December 31, 2022 

F- 38 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Income tax benefit state 

Non-deductible expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total provision for income tax 
 -
 
 -

Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -

on December 31, 2022. The Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the net deferred income tax asset as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 because it was not known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforward. Additionally,
the future utilization of the net operating loss carryforward to offset future taxable income is subject to an annual limitation as a
result of ownership changes that may occur in the future. The 2017 estimated loss carry forward of approximately expires on
 . Subsequent to 2017, all estimated loss carry forwards may be carried forward indefinitely subject to annual usage limitations.
Based on the Company s analysis to determine the limitation on the utilization of its net operating loss carryforward amounts, in
2018, the deferred tax asset was reduced by any carryforward that cannot be utilized or expires prior to utilization as a result of such
limitations, with a corresponding reduction of the valuation allowance. In 2022, the valuation allowance increased by . The potential
tax benefit arising from certain loss carryforwards will expire in . 

F- 39 

ZONED PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Land Contract, Gangnier agreed to sell to ZP Woodward certain real property
located at 23634 Woodward Avenue, Pleasant Ridge, Michigan 23634 Woodward for the purchase price of , comprised
of of cash, of previously paid escrow deposits and a land contract note payable of (the 23634 Land Contract
Note ). The 23634 Land Contract Note Payable accrues interest at the rate of and is payable in 48 monthly installments of ,
beginning April 1, 2023, until the purchase price and interest are fully paid, provided that such purchase price and all interest will
be fully paid on or before March 31, 2027. 

, comprised
of of cash and of previously paid deposits and assignment fees and, as of such date, ZP Woodward has acquired the property
interests in the Woodward Property contemplated in the Option Agreement and Master Agreement. 

square feet of land with approximately square feet of rentable buildings space and approximately
 square feet of covered parking. 

F-40 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_zoned.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The following discussion summarizes the material
terms of our common stock and preferred stock. This discussion does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to our articles of incorporation, as amended, and our bylaws. 

General 

Authorized Capital Stock 

As of March 28, 2023, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000
shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share. 

Common Stock 

Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote
for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Holders of
the Company s common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that our board of directors, in its discretion, declares from
legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate
pro rata in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference
over the common stock. The Company s common stock has no pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions
applicable to the Company s common stock. 

Preferred Stock 

Our articles of incorporation, as amended, authorizes our board of
directors, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder approval, to establish and to issue from time to
time one or more classes or series of preferred stock. Each class or series of preferred stock will cover the number of shares and will
have the powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions determined by the board of directors, which may include,
among others, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, voting rights, conversion rights, preemptive rights and redemption rights. Except
as provided by law or in a preferred stock designation, the holders of preferred stock will not be entitled to vote at or receive notice
of any meeting of stockholders. 

The certificate of designation for the preferred stock provides that
the shares are not convertible into any other class or series of stock. Holders of preferred shares are entitled to 50 votes for each
share held. Voting rights are not subject to adjustment for splits that increase or decrease the common shares outstanding. Upon liquidation,
holders of preferred stock will be entitled to receive 1.00 per share plus redemption provision before assets are distributed to other
stockholders. Holders of preferred shares are entitled to dividends equal to common share dividends. Once any shares of preferred stock
are outstanding, at least 51 of the total number of shares of preferred stock outstanding must approve the following transactions: 

alteration of the rights, preferences of privileges of the preferred stock, 

creation of any new class of stock having preferences over the preferred
stock, 

repurchase of any of our common stock, 

merger of consolidation with any other company, other than one of our wholly
owned subsidiaries, 

sale, conveyance or other disposal of, or creation or incurrence of any mortgage,
lien, or charge or encumbrance or security interest in or pledge of, or sale and leaseback of, all or substantially all of our property
or business, or 

incurrence, assumption or guarantee of any indebtedness maturing more than
18 months after the date on which it is incurred, assumed or guaranteed by us, except for operating leases and obligations assumed as
part of the purchase price of property. 

Holders of a majority of the voting power of our capital stock issued,
outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of stockholders.
A vote by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such
as liquidation, merger or an amendment to our articles of incorporation. 

Holders of preferred shares vote along with common stockholders on
each matter submitted to a vote of security holders. As a result of the multiple votes accorded to holders of the preferred stock, Greg
Johnston and Alex McLaren have the ability to control the outcome of all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election
of directors. On those matters that require the approval of at least 51 of the preferred stock, both Mr. Johnston and Mr. McLaren must
provide their approval inasmuch as each of them owns 50 of the outstanding preferred stock. 

Dividends 

Historically, we have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock.
It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest cash flow and earnings, if
any, in our business operations. However, in the future, our board of directors may declare dividends on our common stock. Payment of
future dividends on our common stock, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things,
our results of operations, cash requirements and surplus, financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board
of directors may deem relevant. In addition, the agreements into which we may enter in the future, including indebtedness, may impose
limitations on our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions on our capital stock. We cannot guarantee that we will pay dividends
to our stockholders in the future. 

Holders of preferred shares are entitled to dividends equal to common
share dividends. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of Our Articles of Incorporation,
as Amended, and Our Bylaws 

These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive
takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of
us to first negotiate with us. We believe that the benefits of increased protection and our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent
of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because,
among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Preferred Stock. Our articles of incorporation, as amended,
authorize our board of directors to issue from time to time any series of preferred stock and fix the voting powers, designation, powers,
preferences and rights of the shares of such series of preferred stock. 

Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders. Our bylaws provide
that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board or the chief executive officer, and shall be
called by the chairman of the board or the secretary (i) when so directed by the board, or (ii) at the written request of stockholders
owning shares representing at least 25 of voting power in the election of directors. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director
Nominations. Our bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before a meeting of our stockholders,
including proposed nominations of persons for election to the board of directors. 

Removal of Directors; Vacancies. Our bylaws provide that a director
may be removed from office by stockholders for cause, or without cause by a majority vote of the stockholders. A vacancy on the board
of directors may be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_zoned.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiary Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 Green Valley Group, LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 Kingman Property Group, LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 Chino Valley Properties, LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 Zoned Arizona Properties, LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 Zoned Advisory Services, LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 Zoned Properties Brokerage, LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 ZP Data Platform 1, LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 ZP Data Platform 2, LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 ZP RE Holdings, LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 ZP RE AZ Stone, LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 ZP Brokerage MS, LLC 
 
 Mississippi 
 
 ZP Brokerage FL, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 ZP Brokerage AL, LLC 
 
 Alabama 
 
 ZP RE MI Woodward, LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 ZP Brokerage MO, LLC 
 
 Missouri 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_zoned.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM - D, BROOKS AND ASSOCIATES CPA'S P.A

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-213150) of Zoned Properties, Inc. of our report dated March 28, 2023, relating
to the consolidated financial statements of Zoned Properties, Inc. which appear in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ D. Brooks and Associates CPAs, P.A. 

D. Brooks and Associates CPAs, P.A. 

Palm Beach, FL 

March 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_zoned.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certifications 

I, Bryan McLaren, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Zoned Properties, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/ Bryan McLaren 

Bryan McLaren 

(Chief Executive Officer) 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_zoned.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certifications 

I, Bryan McLaren, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Zoned Properties, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/ Bryan McLaren 

Bryan McLaren 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_zoned.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual
report of Zoned Properties, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Bryan McLaren, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Bryan McLaren 

Bryan McLaren 

Chief Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer 
(principal executive officer and 
principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 zdpy-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 zdpy-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 zdpy-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 zdpy-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 zdpy-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

