<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_798941_0000798941-23-000017.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>35518715</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>538294</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4143212</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15098949</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7766297</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7227303</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000798941-23-000017.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224152915
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000798941-23-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		187
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST CITIZENS BANCSHARES INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000798941
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				561528994
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16715
		FILM NUMBER:		23666401

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 SIX FORKS ROAD
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27609
		BUSINESS PHONE:		919 716 7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 SIX FORKS ROAD
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27609

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000798941-23-000017.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 fcnca-20221231.htm
 10-K

fcnca-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 Commission File Number: 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 FIRST CITIZENS BANCSHARES, INC. 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of principle executive offices) (Zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 
 (Title of class) 
 _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past ninety days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant s common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . 
 On February 17, 2023, there were outstanding shares of the Registrant s Class A Common Stock and outstanding shares of the Registrant s Class B Common Stock. 

CONTENTS 
 Page PART I Item 1 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments None Item 2 Properties 
 36 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures N/A PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 Item 6 Reserved 
 38 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 86 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 87 
 Report of Predecessor Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 87 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 88 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 93 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 95 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 96 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 97 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 98 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 99 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 101 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None Item 9A Controls and Procedures 172 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 172 
 Item 9B Other Information None Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection N/A PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11 Executive Compensation Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 173 
 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 174 
 (1) Financial Statements (see Item 8 for reference) (2) All Financial Statement Schedules normally required for Form 10-K are omitted since they are not applicable, except as referred to in Item 8. (3) The Exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index contained in this Form 10-K are filed with or furnished to the Commission or incorporated by reference into this report and are available upon written request. Item 16 Form 10-K Summary None 
 Information required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the information that appears under the headings or captions Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Corporate Governance Service on Other Public Company Boards and Code of Ethics; Committees of our Boards Audit Committee; and Executive Officers and Beneficial Ownership of Our Equity Securities Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports from the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 2023 Proxy Statement ). 
 Information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the information that appears under the headings or captions Committees of our Board Compensation Committee Report; and Effect of Risk Management on Compensation; Compensation Discussion and Analysis; Executive Compensation; and Director Compensation of the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the information that appears under the captions Beneficial Ownership of Our Equity Securities Directors and Executive Officers, Pledging Policy Existing Pledge Arrangements, and Principal Stockholders of the 2023 Proxy Statement. As of December 31, 2022, the Registrant did not have any compensation plans under which equity securities of the Registrant are authorized for issuance to employees or directors to report in the Equity Compensation Plan Information table pursuant to Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K. As of December 31, 2022, the Registrant had restricted stock units RSUs outstanding covering an aggregate of shares of its Class A common stock, which RSUs were assumed in Registrant s merger with CIT Group Inc. 
 Information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the information that appears under the headings or captions Corporate Governance Director Independence and Transactions with Related Persons of the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the information that appears under the caption Proposal 7: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Accountants Services and Fees During 2022 of the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 2 

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS 
 The following is a list of certain abbreviations and acronyms we use throughout this document. You may find it helpful to refer back to this table. We also include a Glossary of Key Terms in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Acronym Definition Acronym Definition ACL Allowance for Credit Losses HQLS High Quality Liquid Securities AFS Available for Sale HTM Held to Maturity AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income IDI Insured Depository Institution ASC Accounting Standards Codification LIBOR London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ASU Accounting Standards Update LGD Loss Given Default BHC Bank Holding Company LOCOM Lower of the Cost or Market Value BOLI Bank Owned Life Insurance MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis bps Basis point(s); 1 bp = 0.01 MSRs Mortgage Servicing Rights CAB Community Association Banking NCCOB North Carolina Commissioner of Banks CAMT Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax NII Net Interest Income CCAR Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review NII Sensitivity Net Interest Income Sensitivity CECL Current Expected Credit Losses NIM Net Interest Margin CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Bureau NSF Nonsufficient Funds DPA Deferred Purchase Agreement OREO Other Real Estate Owned DTAs Deferred Tax Assets PAA Purchase Accounting Adjustments ETR Effective Tax Rate PCA Prompt corrective action EVE Sensitivity Economic Value of Equity Sensitivity PCAOB Public Company Accounting Oversight Board FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board PCD Purchased Credit Deteriorated FCB First-Citizens Bank Trust Company PD Probability of Obligor Default FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation QM Qualified Mortgage FHA Federal Housing Administration ROU Right of Use FHC Financial Holding Company RSU Restricted Stock Unit FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank SBA Small Business Administration FOMC Federal Open Market Committee SBA-PPP Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Plan FRB Federal Reserve Bank SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate GAAP Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the U.S. TDRs Troubled Debt Restructuring GDP Gross Domestic Product UPB Unpaid Principal Balance HFI Held for Investment VIE Variable Interest Entity HOA Home Owner s Association 
 
 3 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 General 
 First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (the Parent Company and when including all of its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, BancShares, we, us, or our was incorporated under the laws of Delaware on August 7, 1986, to become the holding company of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company FCB, or the Bank ), its banking subsidiary. FCB opened in 1898 as the Bank of Smithfield in Smithfield, North Carolina, and later changed its name to First-Citizens Bank Trust Company. 
 
 BancShares has expanded through de novo branching and acquisitions and as of December 31, 2022, operates 550 branches in 22 states, predominantly located in the Southeast, Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, and Western United States, providing a broad range of financial services to individuals, businesses and professionals. At December 31, 2022, BancShares had total consolidated assets of 109.3 billion. 
 
 Throughout its history, the operations of BancShares have been significantly influenced by descendants of Robert P. Holding, who came to control FCB during the 1920s. Robert P. Holding s children and grandchildren have served as members of the Board of Directors (the Board ), as chief executive officers and in other executive management positions and, since BancShares formation in 1986, have remained stockholders owning a large percentage of its common stock. 
 
 The Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Frank B. Holding, Jr., is the grandson of Robert P. Holding. Hope Holding Bryant, Vice Chairwoman of BancShares, is Robert P. Holding s granddaughter. Peter M. Bristow, President of BancShares, is the brother-in-law of Frank B. Holding, Jr. and Hope Holding Bryant. 
 
 BancShares provides financial services for a wide range of consumer and commercial clients. This includes retail and mortgage banking, wealth management, commercial and middle market banking, factoring and leasing. In addition to our banking operations, we provide various investment products and services through FCB s wholly owned subsidiaries, First Citizens Investor Services, Inc. FCIS and First Citizens Asset Management, Inc. FCAM ). As a registered broker-dealer, FCIS provides a full range of investment products, including annuities, discount brokerage services and third-party mutual funds. As registered investment advisors, FCIS and FCAM provide investment management services and advice. 
 
 As a result of BancShares merger (the CIT Merger with CIT Group Inc. CIT and its subsidiary CIT Bank, N.A., a national banking association CIT Bank ), BancShares acquired a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser, a wide range of commercial lending, leasing, and deposit products, as well as ancillary services and products, that span various industries. BancShares now also provides commercial factoring, receivables management and secured financing services to businesses (generally manufacturers or importers of goods) that operate in various industries, including apparel, textile, furniture, home furnishings and consumer electronics. In addition, BancShares owns a fleet of railcars and locomotives that are leased to railroads and shippers. 
 
 BancShares delivers products and services to its customers through an extensive branch network and additionally operates a nationwide digital bank. Services offered at most branches include accepting deposits, cashing checks and providing for consumer and commercial cash needs. Consumer and business customers may also conduct banking transactions through various digital channels. 
 
 Statistical information regarding our business activities is found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 BancShares pursues growth through strategic mergers and acquisitions to enhance organizational value, strengthen its presence in existing markets, as well as expand its footprint in new markets. 
 
 On January 3, 2022 (the Merger Date ), BancShares completed its largest acquisition to date with the merger with CIT and CIT Bank. CIT had consolidated total assets of approximately 53.2 billion at December 31, 2021. The merger with CIT is described further in the Business Combinations discussion below and the Business Combinations section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2 Business Combinations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 4 

As a result of the CIT Merger, FCB is now a top 20 U.S. bank based on asset size with more than 100 billion in total assets. BancShares believes that the CIT Merger allowed for the combination of organizations with complementary strengths, combining FCB s robust retail franchise and full suite of banking products with CIT s strong market position in nationwide commercial lending and direct digital banking. The combined banking organization leverages the capabilities of both legacy banks to serve a broader spectrum of businesses and individuals, while offering convenience, scale and value. 
 
 Business Segments 
 As of December 31, 2021, BancShares managed its business and reported its financial results as a single segment. BancShares began reporting multiple segments during the first quarter of 2022 and now reports General Banking, Commercial Banking, Rail, and Corporate segments. BancShares conformed the comparative prior periods presented to reflect the new segments. The substantial majority of BancShares operations for historical periods prior to completion of the CIT Merger are included in the General Banking segment. The Commercial Banking and Rail segments primarily relate to operations acquired in the CIT Merger. Reportable segments are discussed further in the Results by Business Segments section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 23 Business Segment Information. 
 
 SEGMENT MARKETS AND SERVICES General Banking Delivers services to individuals and businesses through an extensive branch network and various digital channels, including a full suite of deposit products, loans (primarily business/commercial loans and residential mortgages), and various fee-based services. 
 Provides a variety of wealth management products and services to individuals and institutional clients, including brokerage, investment advisory, and trust services. 
 Provides deposit, cash management and lending to homeowner associations and property management companies. 
 Commercial Banking Provides lending, leasing, capital markets and other financial and advisory services, primarily to small and middle-market companies across a variety of industries. 
 Provides asset-based lending, factoring, receivables management products and supply chain financing. 
 Rail Provides equipment leasing and secured financing to railroads and shippers. 
 Corporate Earning assets primarily include investment securities and interest-earning deposits at banks. 
 Certain items are not allocated to operating segments and are included in Corporate. Some of the more significant and recurring items that are not allocated to operating segments include interest income on investment securities, income on bank owned life insurance BOLI ), a portion of interest expense primarily related to brokered deposits and corporate funding costs, mark-to-market adjustments on equity securities and foreign currency hedges, merger-related expenses, intangible assets amortization expenses, as well as certain unallocated interest income and other costs. 
 
 General Banking 
 Our General Banking segment delivers products and services to consumers and businesses through our extensive network of branches and various digital channels. We offer a full suite of deposit products, loans, cash management, wealth, payments and various other fee-based services. We offer conforming and jumbo residential mortgage loans throughout the United States which are primarily originated through branches and retail referrals, employee referrals, internet leads, direct marketing and a correspondent lending channel. The General Banking segment also includes our nationwide digital banking, which is largely comprised of the internet banking platform we acquired in the CIT Merger (the Direct Bank ), that delivers deposit products to consumers. We additionally have a dedicated business line that supports deposit, cash management and lending to homeowner associations and property management companies nationwide. Our General Banking segment is the primary deposit gathering business of FCB. 
 
 Revenue is generated from interest earned on loans and from fees for banking and advisory services. We source our consumer and business/commercial lending business through our branch network and industry referrals, as well as direct digital marketing efforts. We periodically purchase loans on a whole-loan basis. We source our Small Business Administration SBA loans through a network of SBA originators. We also make community development investments and loans that support the construction of affordable housing in our communities in line with our CRA initiatives. 
 
 Commercial Banking 
 Our Commercial Banking segment provides a range of lending, leasing, capital markets, asset management and other financial and advisory services primarily to small and middle market companies in a wide range of industries including aerospace and defense, communication, power and energy, entertainment, gaming, healthcare, industrials, maritime, real estate, restaurants, retail, services and technology. Loans offered are primarily senior secured loans collateralized by accounts receivable, inventory, machinery and equipment, transportation equipment and/or intangibles, and are often used for working capital, plant expansion, acquisitions or recapitalizations. These loans include revolving lines of credit and term loans and, depending on the nature of the collateral, may be referred to as collateral-backed loans, asset-based loans or cash flow loans. We provide senior secured loans to developers and other commercial real estate professionals. Additionally, we provide small business loans and leases, including both capital and operating leases, through a highly automated credit approval, documentation and funding process. 
 5 

We provide factoring, receivable management, and secured financing to businesses that operate in several industries, including apparel, textile, furniture, home furnishings and consumer electronics. Factoring entails the assumption of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable arising from the sale of goods by our clients to their customers (generally retailers) that have been factored (i.e., sold or assigned to the factor). A client is the counterparty on any factoring, financing, or receivables purchasing agreement to sell trade receivables to us, and generally is a manufacturer or importer of goods. A customer is the account debtor and obligor on trade accounts receivable that have been factored with and assigned to the factor. 
 
 Revenue is generated from interest earned on loans, rent on equipment leased, fees and other revenue from lending and leasing activities, banking services, and capital markets transactions, along with commissions earned on factoring and related activities. We source our commercial lending business primarily through direct marketing to borrowers, lessees, manufacturers, vendors and distributors, and through referral sources and other intermediaries. We may periodically buy participations or syndications of loans and lines of credit and purchase loans on a whole-loan basis. 
 
 Rail 
 Rail offers customized leasing and financing solutions on a fleet of railcars and locomotives to railroads and shippers throughout North America. Railcar types include covered hopper cars used to ship grain and agricultural products, plastic pellets, sand, and cement; tank cars for energy products and chemicals; gondolas for coal, steel coil and mill service products; open-top hopper cars for coal and aggregates; boxcars for paper and auto parts; and centerbeams and flat cars for lumber. Revenue is generated primarily from rent on equipment leased. 
 
 Competition 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive. BancShares competes with national, regional and local financial services providers. In recent years, the ability of non-bank financial entities to provide services has intensified competition. Non-bank financial service providers are not subject to the same significant regulatory restrictions as traditional commercial banks. More than ever, customers have the ability to select from a variety of traditional and nontraditional alternatives. Competition is based on a number of factors including, among others, customer service, quality and range of products and services offered, price, reputation, interest rates on loans and deposits and customer convenience. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, FCB s primary deposit markets were North Carolina and South Carolina, which represented approximately 50.8 and 22.7 , respectively, of total FCB deposits. Deposits (based on branch location) as of December 31, 2022, in North Carolina and South Carolina represented approximately 39.7 , and 13.3 , respectively, of total deposits. FCB s deposit market share as of June 30, 2022 in North Carolina and South Carolina was 7.3 and 9.3 , respectively, which makes FCB the fourth largest bank in both North Carolina and South Carolina based on the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC Deposit Market Share Report. The three banks larger than FCB based on deposits in North Carolina and South Carolina were Bank of America, Truist Bank and Wells Fargo. These banks collectively controlled 72.5 and 44.2 of North Carolina and South Carolina deposits, respectively. Additionally, the CIT Merger added deposits that were primarily related to the Digital Bank of 16.47 billion or 18.4 of total FCB deposits as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, FCB had 582 total domestic branches and offices, which included 219 in North Carolina, 126 in South Carolina and 68 in California. 
 
 On July 9, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order on Promoting Competition in the American Economy (the Executive Order ), which encouraged the federal banking agencies, to review the current framework for merger oversight practices under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended BHCA and the Bank Merger Act. The Executive Order has received significant public support from members of Congress as well as from members of the board of the FDIC and Federal Reserve and the Acting Comptroller of the Currency. The review is ongoing by the agencies, and no formal changes have been announced. The adoption of more expansive or prescriptive standards could impact our future potential acquisitions. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors below for additional information. 
 
 Geographic Locations 
 As of December 31, 2022, BancShares operated branches in Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Kansas, Maryland, Missouri, North Carolina, Nebraska, New Mexico, Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin and West Virginia. 

6 

Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, BancShares employed approximately 10,375 full-time staff and approximately 309 part-time staff for a total of 10,684 employees. Women and ethnically diverse associates make up approximately 61 and 33 of total employees, respectively, and our Executive Leadership Team includes three women. 
 
 Our ability to attract, retain and develop associates who align with our purpose is key to our success. BancShares human capital strategy is predicated on ensuring the organization has the right people with the right skills in the right places at the right time for the right cost to fulfill its mandate and strategic objectives. Our human resources team works to formalize the process of defining and deploying the mission-critical talent needed to align BancShares with the financial and strategic goals and objectives. Key human capital initiatives include scaling and developing talent, enhancing performance management and coaching, and accelerating inclusion, equity and diversity initiatives. The retention and integration of key CIT employees has been a significant initiative. The Board monitors these initiatives and associated risks primarily through its Risk Committee. 
 
 To assist with these goals, we monitor and evaluate various metrics, specifically around attraction, retention and development of talent. Our annual voluntary turnover is relatively low compared to the industry. We believe this reflects our strong corporate culture, competitive compensation and benefit structures and commitment to career development. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We strive to provide robust compensation and benefits to our employees. In addition to salaries, compensation and benefit programs include a 401(k) plan with employer matching opportunities, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off and other employee assistance programs. 
 
 Regulatory Considerations 
 Various laws and regulations administered by regulatory agencies affect BancShares corporate practices, including the payment of dividends, the incurrence of debt, and the acquisition of financial institutions and other companies. Laws and regulations also affect business practices, such as the payment of interest on deposits, the charging of interest on loans, the types of business conducted and the location of offices. Certain subsidiaries of the Parent Company and FCB are subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), state regulatory agencies, and other regulatory authorities as regulated entities. FCB s insurance activities are subject to licensing and regulation by state insurance regulatory agencies. 
 
 In general, numerous statutes and regulations also apply to and restrict the activities of BancShares, including limitations on the ability to pay dividends, capital requirements, reserve requirements, deposit insurance requirements and restrictions on transactions with related persons and entities controlled by related persons. The impact of these statutes and regulations is discussed below and in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 BancShares has over 100 billion in total consolidated assets, and is now subject to certain enhanced prudential standards and enhanced oversight under the applicable transition provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act by the Federal Reserve Board Federal Reserve or FRB ), and the FDIC with respect to FCB. As BancShares continues to grow, BancShares will become subject to additional regulatory requirements, based on the tailored regulatory framework applicable to banking organizations with 100 billion or more in total assets, and adopted by the federal banking agencies pursuant to the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the EGRRCPA ). 
 
 In connection with the CIT Merger, FCB established as a wholly-owned subsidiary, FC International, Inc. FC International ), which is a corporation chartered by the Federal Reserve pursuant to Section 25A of the Federal Reserve Act Edge Act and the Federal Reserve s Regulation K. Edge Act corporations are international banking organizations that are authorized to engage in international banking and foreign financial transactions, and the U.S. activities of such corporations are generally limited to those that are incidental to their foreign operations. FCB established FC International for the purpose of holding the equity interests in the foreign nonbank subsidiaries foreign companies that FCB acquired in the CIT Merger. Certain of the foreign companies have been, or are in the process of being, wound-down or dissolved. The other foreign companies acquired by FCB support the railcar leasing business acquired from CIT in Canada and Mexico. FC International is subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve, including examination, reporting, capital, and Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 BSA and anti-money laundering AML requirements, pursuant to the Edge Act and the Federal Reserve s Regulation K. 
 
 Dodd-Frank Act . The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted in 2010, significantly restructured the financial services regulatory environment; imposed significant regulatory and compliance changes on the financial services industry; increased capital, leverage and liquidity requirements for banking organizations; and expanded the scope of oversight responsibility of certain federal agencies through the creation of new oversight bodies. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB with broad powers to supervise and enforce federal consumer financial protection laws. 
 7 

EGRRCPA. Enacted in 2018, the EGRRCPA, while largely preserving the fundamental elements of the post-Dodd-Frank Act regulatory framework, modified certain requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act as they applied to regional and community banking organizations. Certain of the significant requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act are listed below with information regarding how they apply to BancShares following the enactment of the EGRRCPA. 
 
 Asset Threshold for Applicability of Dodd-Frank Act Enhanced Prudential Standards and Enhanced Supervision. The Dodd-Frank Act mandated the applicability of enhanced prudential standards (including enhanced liquidity and capital requirements, enterprise-wide risk management requirements, concentration limits, resolution plans and credit exposure report requirements, etc.) and enhanced supervision of bank holding companies with 50 billion or more in assets. The EGRRCPA raised the asset threshold for mandatory applicability of enhanced prudential standards to 250 billion or more in total consolidated assets, and gives the FRB the discretion to apply any enhanced prudential standards to banking organizations with 100 billion or more in total assets on a tailored basis based on asset size and other risk-related factors to prevent or mitigate risks to the financial stability of the United States or to promote the safety and soundness of a bank holding company. In November 2019, the FRB, along with the FDIC and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC ), adopted a framework for tailoring the applicability of enhanced prudential standards for banking organizations with 100 billion or more in assets (the Tailoring Rules ). The Tailoring Rules are further discussed below. Total assets are calculated based on a trailing four-quarter average. BancShares first became subject to the enhanced prudential standards in connection with the CIT Merger, and now BancShares is treated as a Category IV banking organization under the Tailoring Rules, as further discussed below. 
 Capital Planning and Stress Testing. The Dodd-Frank Act mandated company-run stress tests be performed by banking organizations with 10 billion or more in total assets to ensure financial institutions have sufficient capital to absorb losses and support operations during multiple economic and bank scenarios. The EGRRCPA gave immediate relief from the Dodd-Frank Act and company-run stress testing for banking organizations with less than 250 billion in total consolidated assets. Therefore, BancShares is not subject to Dodd-Frank Act company-run stress testing DFAST until such time that it has 250 billion or more in total assets, based on a trailing four-quarter average. Notwithstanding these amendments to the stress testing requirements, bank holding companies with 100 billion or more in total consolidated assets are subject to supervisory stress testing by the FRB under the Federal Reserve s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review CCAR ). BancShares has over 100 billion in total consolidated assets, and we are subject to biennial supervisory stress testing by the Federal Reserve under the CCAR process as a Category IV banking organization in accordance with the applicable transition provisions. BancShares, as a Category IV banking organization, is also required to develop, maintain, and submit an annual capital plan to the Federal Reserve. BancShares has made substantial progress in developing policies, programs, and systems designed to comply with capital planning and stress testing requirements. 
 Resolution Planning. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, as amended by the EGRRCPA, bank holding companies with 250 billion or more in total consolidated assets are required to develop and maintain resolution plans (commonly referred to as Living Wills to support the orderly resolution of large banking organizations. Under the regulations promulgated by the FRB and FDIC implementing the Living Wills requirement, currently only Category I, II, and III banking organizations are required to submit resolution plans. Therefore, BancShares as a Category IV banking organization is not required to submit a resolution plan under the Living Wills requirement. As further discussed below, FCB is required to submit a resolution plan under the FDIC s resolution plan requirement for insured depository institutions IDIs with 50 billion or more in total consolidated assets under its covered insured depository institution rule CIDI Rule ). 
 The Volcker Rule . The Volcker Rule was promulgated to implement provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. It generally prohibits banks and their affiliates from engaging in proprietary trading and investing in and sponsoring hedge funds and private equity funds, subject to certain exemptions. The EGRRCPA exempted many financial institutions with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion from the Volcker Rule, but it continues to apply to BancShares. However, the Volcker Rule does not significantly impact our operations as we do not have any significant engagement in such prohibited businesses. 
 Ability-to-Repay and Qualified Mortgage Rule . Creditors are required to comply with mortgage reform provisions prohibiting the origination of any residential mortgages that do not meet rigorous Qualified Mortgage QM standards or Ability-to-Repay ATR standards. All mortgage loans originated by FCB meet ATR standards and a substantial majority also meet QM standards. The EGRRCPA impact on the original ATR and QM standards is only applicable to banks with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets. 
 8 

Reciprocal Deposits are not treated as Brokered Deposits. Section 29 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDI Act and the FDIC s implementing regulations limit the ability of an IDI to accept brokered deposits unless the institution is well-capitalized under the Prompt Corrective Action (the PCA under the FDI Act, or the IDI is adequately capitalized and obtains a waiver from the FDIC. IDIs that are less than well-capitalized are not able to accept brokered deposits, and are subject to restrictions on the interest rates paid on deposits. In addition, deposits that are considered brokered are subject to higher deposit assessments. EGRRCPA amended the FDI Act to add a limited exception under which IDIs that are well-capitalized or adequately capitalized and meet certain other criteria are able to exempt from treatment as brokered deposits up to 5 billion or 20 percent of the institution s total liabilities in reciprocal deposits (defined generally as deposits received by a depository institution through a deposit placement network with the same maturity and in the same aggregate amount as deposits placed by the depository institution in other network institutions). In addition, in December 2020, the FDIC amended its regulations governing brokered deposits to clarify and modernize this regulatory framework. Notable aspects of the final rule include (1) the establishment of bright-line standards for determining whether an entity meets the statutory definition of deposit broker (2) the identification of a number of business relationships that qualify for the primary purpose exception for agents to avoid being deemed a deposit broker for the placement of funds with depository institutions; (3) the establishment of a more transparent application process for entities that seek to rely upon the primary purpose exception but do not qualify for one of the identified exceptions for business relationships deemed to satisfy the primary purpose exception; and (4) the clarification that third parties that have an exclusive deposit-placement arrangement with one IDI are not considered a deposit broker. The final rule became effective April 1, 2021, with full compliance required by January 1, 2022. 
 
 First Citizens BancShares, Inc. 
 General. As a bank holding company registered under the BHCA, the Parent Company is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve. As a financial holding company FHC ), the Parent Company may engage in or acquire and retain the shares of a company engaged in activities that are financial in nature as long as the Parent Company continues to meet the eligible requirements for FHC status, including that the Parent Company and FCB each remain well-capitalized and well-managed. Activities that are financial in nature include securities underwriting, dealing and market making, advising mutual funds and investment companies, insurance underwriting and agency, merchant banking, and any activities that the Federal Reserve in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury determines to be in financial in nature, complementary or incidental to such financial activity. The Parent Company is also registered under the bank holding company laws of North Carolina and is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the North Carolina Commissioner of Banks NCCOB ). 
 
 Enhanced Prudential Standards and Enhanced Supervision . A bank holding company with total consolidated assets of 250 billion or more is subject to enhanced prudential standards under the Dodd-Frank Act, as amended by EGRRCPA, with the requirements tailored based on risk-based factors identified by the federal banking agencies. Consistent with the authority of the FRB under the Dodd-Frank Act, a bank holding company with 100 billion or more in assets, but less than 250 billion in assets is subject to certain enhanced prudential standards as implemented by the Tailoring Rules. Under the Tailoring Rules, banking organizations are grouped into four categories, based on asset size, off-balance sheet exposure, nonbank assets, weighted short-term wholesale funding, and cross-jurisdictional activities. Category I banking organizations (i.e., U.S. GSIBs) are subject to the most stringent enhanced prudential requirements, and Category IV banking organizations (i.e., between 100 billion and 250 billion in total consolidated assets, and less than 75 billion in nonbank assets, off-balance sheet exposure, cross-jurisdictional activities, and weighted short-term wholesale funding) are subject to the least stringent requirements. 
 
 BancShares has between 100 billion and 250 billion in total consolidated assets and therefore, is required to comply with certain enhanced prudential standards applicable to Category IV banking organizations, subject to the applicable transition periods. BancShares has developed policies, programs, and systems designed to meet such enhanced prudential standards, including annual capital plan submissions and supervisory stress testing by the Federal Reserve under CCAR, enhanced enterprise-wide risk management requirements, and enhanced liquidity management requirements, including liquidity stress tests and liquidity buffer requirements. In the event BancShares assets grow to meet or exceed the thresholds for the asset size or other risk-based factors, BancShares will be subject to other enhanced prudential standards on a tailored basis. For example, if BancShares has 50 billion or more in weighted short-term wholesale funding, it will be subject to modified liquidity coverage ratio LCR and net stable funding ratio NSFR requirements. In the event BancShares becomes a Category III banking organization, BancShares will be subject to full or reduced LCR and NSFR requirements, annual company-run capital stress testing, resolution planning requirements, annual supervisory capital stress testing under CCAR, additional risk-based capital requirements (countercyclical buffer), the supplementary leverage ratio, and additional liquidity reporting requirements. 
 
 9 

Permitted Activities . A bank holding company is limited to managing or controlling banks, furnishing services to or performing services for its subsidiaries, and engaging in other activities the Federal Reserve determines by regulation or order to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. In addition, bank holding companies that qualify and elect to be financial holding companies, such as the Parent Company, may engage in any activity, or acquire and retain the shares of a company engaged in any activity, that is either (i) financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity (as determined by the Federal Reserve in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury) or (ii) complementary to a financial activity and does not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally (as solely determined by the Federal Reserve), without prior approval of the Federal Reserve. Activities financial in nature include securities underwriting and dealing, serving as an insurance agent and underwriter and engaging in merchant banking. 
 
 Acquisitions. The Parent Company is subject to various laws that may require regulatory approval for acquisitions. For example, under the BHCA, a bank holding company must obtain approval from the Federal Reserve prior to directly or indirectly acquiring ownership or control of 5 of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of another bank holding company or bank or prior to merging or consolidating with another bank holding company. The BHCA and other federal laws enumerate the factors the Federal Reserve must consider when reviewing the merger of bank holding companies, the acquisition of banks or the acquisition of voting securities of a bank or bank holding company. These factors include the competitive effects of the proposal in the relevant geographic markets; the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the companies and banks involved in the transaction; the effect of the transaction on the financial stability of the United States; the organizations' compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations; the convenience and needs of the communities to be served; and the records of performance under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 of the IDI involved in the transaction. 
 
 Status Requirements. To maintain FHC status, a FHC and all of its depository institution subsidiaries must be well-capitalized and well-managed. A depository institution subsidiary is considered to be well-capitalized if it satisfies the requirements for this status under applicable Federal Reserve capital requirements. A depository institution subsidiary is considered well managed if it received a composite rating and management rating of at least satisfactory in its most recent examination. As a Category IV banking organization, BancShares will transition from the Federal Reserve s RFI rating system to the rating system for large financial institutions LFI ), referred to as the LFI rating system. Under the LFI rating system, the FRB assigns ratings based on three supervisory components: (i) capital planning and positions, (ii) liquidity risk management and positions, and (iii) governance and controls. The LFI rating system scale differs from the RFI rating system scale. The LFI rating system has a four-category, non-numeric rating scale with no single composite rating or scoring. The four rating categories are Broadly Meets Expectations, Conditionally Meets Expectations, Deficient-1 and Deficient-2. A banking organization must receive at least Conditionally Meets Expectations for each of the component ratings to be considered well managed. If a FHC ceases to meet these capital and management requirements, the Federal Reserve may impose limitations or conditions on the conduct of its activities. 
 
 Capital Requirements. The Federal Reserve imposes certain capital requirements on bank holding companies under the BHCA, including a minimum leverage ratio and minimum ratios of qualifying capital to risk-weighted assets. The metrics utilized to measure regulatory capital include the Tier 1 leverage ratio and the total, Tier 1, and common equity Tier 1 risk based capital ratios (collectively, the Regulatory Capital Ratios ). Federal banking agencies approved regulatory capital guidelines Basel III aimed at strengthening previous capital requirements for banking organizations. Basel III became effective for BancShares on January 1, 2015 and the associated capital conservation buffers of 2.5 were fully phased in by January 1, 2019. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Additionally, federal banking agencies have developed PCA well-capitalized thresholds for Regulatory Capital Ratios. The following table includes the Basel III requirements and PCA well-capitalized thresholds for the Regulatory Capital Ratios. 
 
 Basel III Minimums Basel III Conservation Buffers Basel III Requirements PCA Well-Capitalized Thresholds Regulatory Capital Ratios Total risk-based capital 8.00 2.50 10.50 10.00 Tier 1 risk-based capital 6.00 2.50 8.50 8.00 Common equity Tier 1 4.50 2.50 7.00 6.50 Tier 1 leverage 4.00 4.00 5.00 
 
 10 

Failure to meet regulatory capital requirements may result in certain actions by federal banking agencies that could have a direct material effect on the consolidated financial statements of BancShares and constraints on capital distributions and discretionary executive compensation. As of December 31, 2022, the Regulatory Capital Ratios of BancShares exceeded the applicable Basel III requirements and the well-capitalized thresholds as further addressed under Stockholders Equity and Capital Adequacy in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 As a result of the CIT Merger, BancShares will be subject to the Federal Reserve s stress capital buffer SCB requirement, which is set through CCAR stress testing. On January 19, 2021, the Federal Reserve finalized regulatory amendments related to the SCB requirements for Category IV banking organizations to be consistent with the Tailoring Rules. The SCB reflects losses under the severely adverse scenario of the CCAR supervisory stress tests. The Federal Reserve calculates a SCB as the greater of (i) the difference between the firm s starting and minimum projected Common Equity Tier 1 CET1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio under the severely adverse scenario in the supervisory stress test, plus the sum of dollar amount of the firm s planned common stock dividends for each of the fourth through seventh quarters of the planning horizon as a percentage of risk-weighted assets, or (ii) 2.5 percent. The SCB calculated by the Federal Reserve replaces the static 2.5 percent capital conservation buffer required by Basel III. As noted above, the CCAR supervisory stress tests are distinct from DFAST, and BancShares will not be subject to DFAST requirements until it has 250 billion or more in total consolidated assets, pursuant to the EGRRCPA. 
 
 Source of Strength . Under the Dodd-Frank Act, bank holding companies are required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. Under this requirement, the Parent Company is expected to commit resources to support FCB, including times when the Parent Company may not be in a financial position to provide such resources. Any capital loans made by a bank holding company to any of its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to depositors and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary banks. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment. 
 
 Safety and Soundness . The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards. These guidelines establish general standards relating to internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth and compensation, fees and benefits. In general, the guidelines require, among other things, appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risk and exposures specified in the guidelines. There are a number of obligations and restrictions imposed on bank holding companies and their subsidiary banks by law and regulatory policy that are designed to minimize potential loss to the depositors of such depository institutions and to the FDIC insurance fund in the event of a depository institution default. As noted above, BancShares became a Category IV banking organization and is subject to enhanced prudential standards and enhanced supervision under the Tailoring Rules subject to the applicable transition periods. 
 
 Limits on Dividends and Other Payments . The Parent Company is a legal entity, separate and distinct from its subsidiaries. Revenues of the Parent Company primarily result from dividends received from FCB. There are various legal limitations applicable to the payment of dividends by FCB to the Parent Company and to the payment of dividends by the Parent Company to its stockholders. The payment of dividends by FCB or the Parent Company may be limited by certain factors, such as requirements to maintain capital above regulatory guidelines. Bank regulatory agencies have the authority to prohibit FCB or the Parent Company from engaging in an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting their business. The payment of dividends, depending on the financial condition of FCB or the Parent Company, could be deemed to constitute such an unsafe or unsound practice. BancShares became a Category IV banking organization and is required to submit a capital plan annually to the Federal Reserve in accordance with the applicable transition provisions. The annual capital plan will include planned capital distributions over a specified forecasting horizon. BancShares is subject to biennial supervisory capital stress testing under the Federal Reserve s CCAR process. The SCB would replace the static 2.5 component of the capital conservation buffer with a capital buffer that is based on supervisory stress test results and the Parent Company s planned capital distributions. As discussed above, BancShares SCB would be calculated as the greater of (i) the difference between BancShares starting and minimum projected CET1 capital ratios under the severely adverse scenario in the supervisory stress test plus four quarters of planned common stock dividends as a percentage of risk-weighted assets and (ii) 2.5 percent. BancShares supervisory stress testing results under CCAR could impact the ability of the Parent Company to declare dividends or make other capital distributions, including common share repurchases. 
 
 11 

Additionally, under the FDI Act, IDIs, such as FCB, are prohibited from making capital distributions, including the payment of dividends, if, after making such distributions, the institution would become undercapitalized as such term is used in the statute. Additionally, under Basel III capital guidelines, banking institutions with a Regulatory Capital Ratio above the Basel III minimum, but below the Basel III requirement will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. Based on FCB s current financial condition, the Parent Company currently does not expect these provisions to have any material impact on its ability to receive dividends from FCB. The Parent Company s non-bank subsidiaries pay dividends to the Parent Company periodically on a non-regulated basis. 
 
 Crypto-Asset Related Activities . On August 16, 2022, the FRB released supervisory guidance SR 22-6 encouraging all banking organizations supervised by the agency to notify its lead supervisory point of contact at the Federal Reserve prior to engaging in any crypto-asset related activity. Prior to engaging in any such activities, the banking organization is expected to ensure that the activities are legally permissible under relevant state and federal laws, and ensure that the banking organization has adequate systems, risk management, and controls to ensure that the activities are conducted in a safe and sound manner consistent with applicable laws, including consumer protection laws. On April 7, 2022, the FDIC issued a financial institution letter also requiring its supervised institutions to provide notice and obtain supervisory feedback prior to engaging in any crypto-related activities. BancShares does not engage in any such activities. 
 
 Subsidiary Bank - FCB 
 General. FCB is a state-chartered bank, subject to supervision and examination by, and the regulations and reporting requirements of, the FDIC and the NCCOB. Deposit obligations are insured by the FDIC to the maximum legal limits. As an IDI with 100 billion or more in total consolidated assets, FCB is subject to certain additional requirements under the FDIC s regulations (e.g., Resolution Plans under the CIDI Rule, additional reporting in the Call Report using FFIEC Form 031 rather than Form 041). FCB is also subject to enforcement, supervisory and examination authorities of the CFPB. 
 
 FDIC Deposit Insurance Assessment Rates. As an IDI, FCB is required to pay the FDIC premiums for deposit insurance. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules by 2 points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. This price increase will be instituted to account for extraordinary growth in insured deposits during the first and second quarters of 2020 which caused the Depositors Insurance Fund DIF reserve ratio to decline below the statutory minimum of 1.35 . The increased assessment rate schedules will remain in effect until the reserve ratio meets or exceeds 2 percent, absent further action by the FDIC. 
 
 Capital Requirements. The Basel III and PCA well-capitalized thresholds for the Regulatory Capital Ratios are described above in the Parent Company Capital Requirements discussion. Failure to meet regulatory capital requirements may result in certain actions by federal banking agencies that could have a direct material effect on the consolidated financial statements of FCB. As of December 31, 2022, the Regulatory Capital Ratios of FCB exceeded the applicable Basel III requirements and the well-capitalized thresholds as further addressed under Stockholders Equity and Capital Adequacy in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Although FCB is unable to control the external factors influencing its business, by maintaining high levels of balance sheet liquidity, prudently managing interest rate exposures, ensuring capital positions remain strong and actively monitoring asset quality, FCB seeks to minimize the potentially adverse risks of unforeseen and unfavorable economic trends and to take advantage of favorable economic conditions and opportunities when appropriate. 
 
 Covered Insured Depository Institution Contingency Planning Requirements . Under the FDIC s CIDI Rule, an IDI with 50 billion or more in total assets is required to submit periodically to the FDIC a contingency plan for the resolution of the institution in the event of its failure Resolution Plan ). The FDIC requires the Resolution Plan to ensure that the FDIC, as receiver, would be able to resolve the institution pursuant to the receivership provisions of the FDI Act. In April 2019, the FDIC issued an advance notice of proposed rulemaking to amend the CIDI Rule, and suspended the requirement to submit Resolution Plans until further notice. In January 2021, the FDIC announced that it would resume Resolution Plan requirements for IDIs with 100 billion in assets. On June 25, 2021, the FDIC issued a policy statement, describing a new framework for the implementation of the CIDI Rule. The FDIC has stated that it will provide covered IDIs with 12 months advance notice prior to the submission deadline of its Resolution Plan. 
 
 FCB has not previously submitted a Resolution Plan under the CIDI Rule. FCB has been informed by the FDIC that it will be required to submit its first Resolution Plan under the CIDI Rule once notified by the FDIC. 
 
 12 

Transactions with Affiliates . Pursuant to Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, Regulation W and Regulation O, the authority of FCB to engage in transactions with related parties or affiliates or to make loans to insiders is limited. Loan transactions with an affiliate generally must be collateralized and certain transactions between FCB and its affiliates, including the sale of assets, the payment of money or the provision of services, must be on terms and conditions that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to FCB, as those prevailing for comparable nonaffiliated transactions. In addition, FCB generally may not purchase securities issued or underwritten by affiliates. 
 
 FCB receives management fees from its subsidiaries and the Parent Company for expenses incurred for performing various functions on their behalf. These fees are charged to each company based upon the estimated cost for usage of services by that company. The fees are eliminated from the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act . FCB is subject to the requirements of the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 CRA ). The CRA imposes on financial institutions an affirmative and ongoing obligation to meet the credit needs of the local communities, including low- and moderate-income LMI neighborhoods. If FCB receives a rating from the Federal Reserve of less than satisfactory under the CRA, restrictions would be imposed on our operating activities. In addition, in order for a FHC, like the Parent Company, to commence any new activity permitted by the BHCA or to acquire any company engaged in any new activity permitted by the BHCA, each IDI subsidiary of the FHC must have received a rating of at least satisfactory in its most recent examination under the CRA. FCB currently has a satisfactory CRA rating. 
 
 On May 5, 2022, the FRB, FDIC, and OCC issued a joint notice of proposed rulemaking to revise the regulations implementing the CRA. Under the proposal, the agencies would evaluate bank performance across the varied activities they conduct and communities in which they operate, and tailor CRA evaluations and data collection to bank size and type. Further, the agencies would also emphasize smaller value loans and investments that can have high impact and be more responsive to the needs of LMI communities, and would update CRA assessment areas to include activities associated with online and mobile banking, branchless banking, and hybrid models. Additionally, the proposal would adopt a metrics-based approach to CRA evaluations of retail lending and community development financing, including public benchmarks, and clarify eligible CRA activities, such as affordable housing, that are focused on LMI, underserved, and rural communities. 
 
 As part of the CIT Merger, BancShares adopted a community benefit plan, developed in collaboration with representatives of community reinvestment organizations, for the combined bank. Under the Community Benefit Plan, FCB will invest 16 billion in the communities served by FCB, including 2.5 billion in home purchase mortgage loans focusing on LMI and minority borrowers in majority-minority MM geographies and 5 million in discounts or subsidies on home purchase and home improvement loans to borrowers in MM census tracts in the combined bank s footprint in California. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering and the United States Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC Regulation . Governmental policy in recent years has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The BSA and subsequent laws and regulations require financial institutions to take steps to prevent the use of their systems to facilitate the flow of illegal or illicit money or terrorist funds and to report certain activity to the government. The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 Patriot Act significantly expanded AML and financial transparency laws and regulations by imposing new compliance and due diligence obligations, including standards for verifying customer identification at account opening and maintaining expanded records, as well as rules promoting cooperation among financial institutions, regulators and law enforcement entities in identifying persons who may be involved in terrorism or money laundering. These rules were expanded to require new customer due diligence and beneficial ownership requirements in 2018. 
 
 An institution subject to the BSA, such as FCB (and FC International), in addition to maintaining a written BSA/AML compliance program, must also provide AML training to employees, designate an AML compliance officer and annually audit the AML program to assess its effectiveness. The United States has imposed economic sanctions on transactions with certain designated foreign countries, nationals and others. As these rules are administrated by OFAC, these are generally known as the OFAC rules. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate BSA, AML and OFAC programs, or to comply with all the relevant laws and regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences, including material fines and sanctions. FCB has implemented a program designed to facilitate compliance with the full extent of the applicable BSA and OFAC related laws, regulations and related sanctions. 
 
 13 

On January 1, 2021, Congress passed the National Defense Authorization Act, which enacted the most significant overhaul of the BSA and related anti-money laundering laws since the Patriot Act. Notable amendments include (1) significant changes to the collection of beneficial ownership information and the establishment of a beneficial ownership registry, which requires corporate entities (generally, any corporation, LLC, or other similar entity with 20 or fewer employees and annual gross income of 5 million or less) to report beneficial ownership information to FinCEN (which will be maintained by FinCEN and made available upon request to financial institutions); (2) enhanced whistleblower provisions, which provide that one or more whistleblowers who voluntarily provide original information leading to the successful enforcement of violations of the AML laws in any judicial or administrative action brought by the Secretary of the Treasury or the Attorney General resulting in monetary sanctions exceeding 1 million (including disgorgement and interest but excluding forfeiture, restitution, or compensation to victims) will receive not more than 30 of the monetary sanctions collected and will receive increased protections; (3) increased penalties for violations of the BSA; (4) improvements to existing information sharing provisions that permit financial institutions to share information relating to Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs) with foreign branches, subsidiaries, and affiliates (except those located in China, Russia, or certain other jurisdictions) for the purpose of combating illicit finance risks; and (5) expanded duties and powers of FinCEN. Many of the amendments require the Treasury Department and FinCEN to promulgate rules. On September 29, 2022, FinCEN issued final regulations implementing the amendments with respect to beneficial ownership. 
 
 Consumer Laws and Regulations . FCB is also subject to certain laws and regulations designed to protect consumers in transactions with banks. These laws include the Truth in Lending Act TILA ), the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Fair Housing Act and the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. The laws and related regulations mandate certain disclosures and regulate the manner in which financial institutions transact business with certain customers. FCB must comply with these consumer protection laws and regulations in its relevant lines of business. 
 
 To promote fairness and transparency for mortgages, credit cards, and other consumer financial products and services, the CFPB is responsible for interpreting and enforcing federal consumer financial laws, as defined by the Dodd-Frank Act, that, among other things, govern the provision of deposit accounts along with mortgage origination and servicing. Some federal consumer financial laws enforced by the CFPB include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, TILA, the Truth in Savings Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act RESPA ), the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, and the Fair Credit Reporting Act. The CFPB is also authorized to prevent any institution under its authority from engaging in an unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice in connection with consumer financial products and services. 
 
 Under TILA, as implemented by Regulation Z, mortgage lenders are required to make a reasonable and good faith determination based on verified and documented information that a consumer applying for a mortgage loan has a reasonable ability to repay the loan according to its terms. Mortgage lenders are required to determine consumers ability to repay in one of two ways. The first alternative requires the mortgage lender to consider the following eight underwriting factors when making the credit decision: (1) current or reasonably expected income or assets; (2) current employment status; (3) the monthly payment on the covered transaction; (4) the monthly payment on any simultaneous loan; (5) the monthly payment for mortgage-related obligations; (6) current debt obligations, alimony, and child support; (7) the monthly DTI ratio or residual income; and (8) credit history. Alternatively, the mortgage lender can originate QMs, which are entitled to a presumption that the creditor making the loan satisfied the ATR requirements. In general, a QM is a mortgage loan without negative amortization, interest-only payments, balloon payments, or terms exceeding 30 years. In addition, to be a QM the points and fees paid by a consumer cannot exceed 3 of the total loan amount. 
 
 On December 10, 2020, the CFPB issued two final rules related to QM loans. The first rule replaces the strict 43 DTI threshold for QM loans and provides that, in addition to existing requirements, a loan receives a conclusive presumption that the consumer had the ability to repay if the APR does not exceed the average prime offer rate for a comparable transaction by 1.5 percentage points or more as of the date the interest rate is set. Further, a loan receives a rebuttable presumption that the consumer had the ability to repay if the APR exceeds the average prime offer rate for a comparable transaction by 1.5 percentage points or more but by less than 2.25 percentage points. The second rule creates a new category of seasoned QMs for loans that meet certain performance requirements. That rule allows a non-QM loan or a rebuttable presumption QM loan to receive a safe harbor from ATR liability at the end of a seasoning period of at least 36 months as a seasoned QM if it satisfies certain product restrictions, points-and-fees limits, and underwriting requirements, and the loan meets the designated performance and portfolio requirements during the seasoning period. The mandatory compliance date under the first final rule was July 1, 2021, but subsequently was delayed by the CFPB to October 1, 2022. The second final rule will apply to covered transactions for which institutions receive an application after the compliance date for the first final rule. 
 
 14 

Additionally, the CFPB has the authority to take supervisory and enforcement action against banks and other financial services companies under the agency s jurisdiction that fail to comply with federal consumer financial laws. As an IDI with total assets of more than 10 billion, FCB is subject to the CFPB s supervisory and enforcement authorities. The Dodd-Frank Act also permits states to adopt stricter consumer protection laws and state attorneys general to enforce consumer protection rules issued by the CFPB. As a result of these aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act, FCB operates in a stringent consumer compliance environment. The CFPB has been active in bringing enforcement actions against banks and other financial institutions to enforce consumer financial laws. The federal financial regulatory agencies, including the FDIC and states attorneys general, also have become increasingly active in this area with respect to institutions over which they have jurisdiction. 
 
 Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC has backup enforcement authority over a depository institution holding company, such as the Parent Company, if the conduct or threatened conduct of such holding company poses a risk to the DIF, although such authority may not be used if the holding company is generally in sound condition and does not pose a foreseeable and material risk to the DIF. The Dodd-Frank Act may have a material impact on BancShares operations, particularly through increased compliance costs resulting from possible future consumer and fair lending regulations. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors below for a more extensive discussion of this topic. 
 
 Other Regulations applicable to the Parent Company and FCB 
 Privacy, Data Protection, and Cybersecurity . We are subject to a number of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to consumer privacy and data protection. Under privacy protection provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 GLBA and its implementing regulations and guidance, we are limited in our ability to disclose certain non-public information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. Financial institutions, such as us, are required by statute and regulation to notify consumers of their privacy policies and practices and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a nonaffiliated third party. In addition, such financial institutions must appropriately safeguard their customers nonpublic, personal information. 
 
 Consumers must be notified in the event of a data breach under applicable state laws. The changing privacy laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, (the CCPA ), which became effective on January 1, 2020, applies to for-profit businesses that conduct business in California and meet certain revenue or data collection thresholds. The CCPA gives consumers the right to request disclosure of information collected about them, and whether that information has been sold or shared with others, the right to request deletion of personal information (subject to certain exceptions), the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer s personal information, and the right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights. The CCPA contains several exemptions, including for information that is collected, processed, sold or disclosed pursuant to the GLBA. In November 2020, voters in the State of California approved the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), a ballot measure that amends and supplements the CCPA by creating the California Privacy Protection Agency, a watchdog privacy agency with the authority to issue regulations and guidance and to enforce the CCPA. The CPRA also modifies the CCPA by expanding both the scope of businesses covered by the law and certain rights relating to personal information and its use, collection, and disclosure by covered businesses. The California Privacy Protection Agency has issued proposed rules which would implement the CPRA but has not yet made them final or stated when final rules are likely to be enacted. Similar laws have and may be adopted by other states where BancShares does business. For instance, on October 25, 2022, the New York State Department of Financial Services issued a proposed rule that would, among other things, amend its cybersecurity regulation to create new tiers of regulated entities with tailored regulatory requirements, establish enhanced governance requirements, and require additional cybersecurity controls. 
 
 In addition, multiple other states, Congress and regulators outside the United States are considering similar laws or regulations which could create new individual privacy rights and impose increased obligations on companies handling personal data. For example, on November 23, 2021, the federal financial regulatory agencies published a final rule that will impose upon banking organizations and their service providers new notification requirements for significant cybersecurity incidents (the Cybersecurity Rule ). Specifically, the Cybersecurity Rule requires banking organizations to notify their primary federal regulator as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the discovery of a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident within the meaning attributed to those terms by the Cybersecurity Rule. Banks service providers are required under the Cybersecurity Rule to notify any affected bank to or on behalf of which the service provider provides services as soon as possible after determining that it has experienced an incident that materially disrupts or degrades, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, covered services provided to such bank for as much as four hours. The Cybersecurity Rule took effect on April 1, 2022 and banks and their service providers were required to be in compliance with the rule by May 1, 2022. 
 
 15 

Federal banking agencies, including the FDIC, have adopted guidelines for establishing information security standards and cybersecurity programs for implementing safeguards under the supervision of the board of directors. These guidelines, along with related regulatory materials, increasingly focus on risk management and processes related to information technology and the use of third parties in the provision of financial services. 
 
 Climate-Related Regulation and Risk Management. In recent years the federal banking agencies have increased their focus on climate-related risks impacting the operations of banks, the communities they serve and the broader financial system. Accordingly, the agencies have begun to enhance their supervisory expectations regarding the climate risk management practices of larger banking organizations, such as BancShares, including by encouraging such banks to: ensure that management of climate-related risk exposures has been incorporated into existing governance structures; evaluate the potential impact of climate-related risks on the bank s financial condition, operations and business objectives as part of its strategic planning process; account for the effects of climate change in stress testing scenarios and systemic risk assessments; revise expectations for credit portfolio concentrations based on climate-related factors; consider investments in climate-related initiatives and lending to communities disproportionately impacted by the effects of climate change; evaluate the impact of climate change on the bank s borrowers and consider possible changes to underwriting criteria to account for climate-related risks to mortgaged properties; incorporate climate-related financial risk into the bank s internal reporting, monitoring and escalation processes; and prepare for the transition risks to the bank associated with the adjustment to a low-carbon economy and related changes in laws, regulations, governmental policies, technology, and consumer behavior and expectations. 
 
 On October 21, 2021, the Financial Stability Oversight Council published a report identifying climate-related financial risk as an emerging threat to financial stability. On December 16, 2021, the OCC issued proposed principles for climate-related financial risk management for national banks with more than 100 billion in total assets. On March 30, 2022 and December 2, 2022, the FDIC and FRB issued their own proposed principles, respectively, for climate risk management by larger banking organizations. The regulators have also indicated that all banks, regardless of their size, may have material exposures to climate-related financial and other risks that require prudent management. The FRB, as the last agency to issue proposed guidance, indicated that it will work with the other two agencies in issuing any final guidance. The proposed principles in the guidance would cover the following areas: strategic planning; governance; policies, procedures, and limits; data, risk measurement and reporting; risk management; and scenario analysis. The proposed guidance would also suggest how climate-related financial risks can be addressed in specific prudential risk areas including liquidity, credit, other financial risks, operational, legal and compliance, and other non-financial risks. If adopted as final guidance, BancShares as a banking organization with 100 billion or more in total assets will be expected to implement the principles under the guidance to demonstrate to the FRB (and the FDIC) that BancShares and FCB are operating in a safe and sound manner. In addition, states in which we conduct business have taken, or are considering taking, similar actions on climate-related financial risks. 
 
 Compensation . Our compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Federal Reserve and, with respect to some of our subsidiaries, by other financial regulatory agencies. The federal banking regulators have issued joint guidance on executive compensation designed to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations take into account risk factors and are consistent with the safety and soundness of the organization. The guidance also provides that supervisory findings with respect to incentive compensation will be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or other corporate decisions. The guidance further provides that the regulators may pursue enforcement actions against a banking organization if its incentive compensation and related risk management, control or governance processes pose a risk to the organization s safe and sound practices. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act requires the federal banking regulators and the SEC to issue regulations requiring covered financial institutions to prohibit incentive compensation arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by providing compensation that is excessive or that could lead to material financial loss to the institution. In October 2022, the SEC adopted final rules implementing the incentive-based compensation recovery clawback provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rules direct stock exchanges to require listed companies to implement clawback policies to recover incentive-based compensation from current or former executive officers in the event of certain financial restatements and to disclose their clawback policies and their actions under those policies. It is anticipated that most registrants will have until late 2023 or early 2024 to adopt and implement or adjust their policies as applicable. 
 
 Other Regulated Subsidiaries 
 As noted above, certain subsidiaries of the Parent Company and FCB are subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the SEC, FINRA, state regulatory agencies, and other regulatory authorities as regulated entities. 
 
 16 

FCB s insurance activities are subject to licensing and regulation by state insurance regulatory agencies. Each of CIT's insurance subsidiaries acquired by FCB in the CIT Merger is also licensed and regulated in the states in which the subsidiaries conduct insurance business. The extent of such regulation varies, but most jurisdictions have laws and regulations governing the financial aspects and business conduct of insurers. State laws in the U.S. grant insurance regulatory authorities broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things: licensing companies and agents to transact business; establishing statutory capital and reserve requirements and the solvency standards that must be met and maintained; regulating certain premium rates; reviewing and approving policy forms; regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices, distribution arrangements and payment of inducements; approving changes in control of insurance companies; restricting the payment of dividends and other transactions between affiliates; and regulating the types, amounts and valuation of investments. CIT s Vermont insurance captive subsidiary (acquired in the CIT Merger) is required to file reports, generally including detailed annual financial statements, with the insurance regulatory authority, and its operations and accounts are subject to periodic examination by such authorities. 
 
 Specialty business operations that were under CIT s Commercial Finance Division prior to the CIT Merger, and specifically the Rail, Maritime, and other equipment financing operations, are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations administered by authorities in jurisdictions where business is conducted. In the United States, equipment financing and leasing operations, including for railcars, ships, and other equipment, are subject to rules and regulations relating to safety, operations, maintenance, and mechanical standards promulgated by various federal and state agencies and industry organizations, including the U.S. Department of Transportation, the Federal Railroad Administration, the Association of American Railroads, the Maritime Administration, the U.S. Coast Guard, and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. In addition, state agencies regulate some aspects of rail and maritime operations with respect to health and safety matters. 
 
 Available Information 
 The Parent Company does not have its own separate Internet website. However, on FCB s investor relations website www.ir.firstcitizens.com ), we make available BancShares Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Interested parties may also directly access the SEC s website www.sec.gov ), which contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information electronically filed by BancShares. Except as specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, information on those websites is not part of this report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 We are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. As a financial services organization, certain elements of risk are inherent in our transactions and operations and are present in the business decisions we make. We encounter risks as part of the normal course of our business, and our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand and manage the risks presented by our business activities. We categorize risks into the following areas, and the principal risks and uncertainties that management believes make an investment in us speculative or risky are summarized within their respective areas: 
 
 Strategic Risks: The risks to our earnings or capital arising from our business decisions or improper implementation of those decisions. 
 We may be adversely affected by risks associated with completed, pending or any potential future acquisitions. 
 Our future results will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations following the CIT Merger . 
 
 Operational Risks: The risks of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes, people and systems or from external events. 
 We face significant operational risks in our businesses and may fail to maintain appropriate operational infrastructure and oversight. 
 A cyberattack, information or security breach, or a technology outage of ours or of a third party could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business, manage our exposure to risk, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential customer or employee data or proprietary information, and increase our costs to maintain and update our operational and security systems and infrastructure. This could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause us legal or reputational harm. 
 17 

Credit Risks: The risks that a borrower, obligor, or counterparty will fail to perform on an obligation or that our risk management processes will fail or be insufficient. 
 If we fail to effectively manage credit risk, our business and financial condition will suffer. 
 Our allowance for credit losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb losses in our loan portfolios. 
 
 Market Risks: The risks to our financial condition resulting from adverse movements in domestic and international macroeconomic and political conditions, as well as economic output levels, interest and inflation rates, employment levels, prices of commodities, consumer confidence levels, and changes in consumer spending, international trade policy, and fiscal and monetary policy. 
 Unfavorable economic or political conditions, as considered through a range of metrics, have and could continue to adversely affect our business. 
 Failure to effectively manage our interest rate risk could adversely affect us. 
 
 Liquidity Risks: The risks that we will be unable to meet our obligations as they come due because of an inability to (i) liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding, or (ii) unwind or offset specific exposures without significantly lowering market prices because of inadequate market depth or market disruptions, or that we will not meet the liquidity management requirements applicable to us as a Category IV banking organization, subject to the applicable transition periods. 
 If our current level of balance sheet liquidity were to experience pressure, it could affect our ability to pay deposits and fund our operations. 
 We are subject to enhanced liquidity risk management requirements as a Category IV banking organization, subject to the applicable transition periods, including reporting, liquidity stress testing, and a liquidity buffer, as well as resolution planning at the bank level, and failure to meet these requirements could result in regulatory and compliance risks, and possible restrictions on our activities. 
 
 Capital Adequacy Risks: The risks that our capital levels become inadequate to preserve our safety and soundness, support our ongoing business operations and strategies and provide us with support against unexpected or sudden changes in the business/economic environment, or that we will not meet the capital adequacy requirements applicable to us as a Category IV banking organization, subject to the applicable transition periods. 
 Our ability to grow is contingent upon access to capital, which may not be readily available to us. 
 We and FCB are subject to capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines and, if we fail to meet these guidelines, our financial condition and ability to make capital distributions would be adversely affected. 
 
 Compliance Risks: The risks of loss or reputational harm to us resulting from regulatory sanctions, fines, penalties or losses due to our failure to comply with laws, rules, regulations or other supervisory requirements applicable to us. 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, taxes, corporate governance, executive compensation and financial accounting and reporting, including changes in them or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect us. 
 Information security and data privacy are areas of heightened legislative and regulatory focus. 
 
 Asset Risks: The risks that the value of our long-lived assets will be lower than expected, resulting in reduced income over the remaining life of the asset or a lower sale value. 
 We may not be able to realize our entire investment in the equipment that we lease to our customers. 
 
 Financial Reporting Risks: The risks that our financial information is reported incorrectly or incompletely, including through the improper application of accounting standards or other errors or omissions. 
 Accounting standards may change and increase our operating costs or otherwise adversely affect our results. 
 Our accounting policies and processes are critical to the reporting of our financial condition and results of operations. They require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain, and such estimates may be materially different from actual results. 
 
 The risks and uncertainties that management believes are material to an investment in us are described below. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to management or that management does not currently deem material could also have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, the results of our operations or our business. If such risks and uncertainties were to materialize or the likelihoods of the risks were to increase, we could be adversely affected, and the market price of our securities could significantly decline. 

18 

Strategic Risks 
 
 We may be adversely affected by risks associated with completed, pending or any potential future acquisitions. 
 
 We plan to continue to grow our business organically. However, we have pursued and expect to continue to pursue acquisition opportunities that we believe support our business strategies and may enhance our profitability. For example, on January 3, 2022, we consummated the acquisition of CIT, which added 53.78 billion in total assets, 39.43 billion in deposits and 32.71 billion in loans. We must generally satisfy a number of material conditions prior to consummating any acquisition including, in many cases, federal and state regulatory approval. Among other things, our regulators will consider our capital, liquidity, profitability, regulatory compliance and levels of goodwill when considering acquisition and expansion proposals. We may fail to complete strategic and competitively significant business opportunities as a result of our inability to obtain required regulatory approvals in a timely manner or at all, or the approval for such opportunity could include conditions imposing additional costs or limitations that reduce the anticipated related benefits. On July 9, 2021, President Biden issued the Executive Order, which encouraged federal banking agencies to review the framework for evaluating bank mergers and acquisitions under the BHC Act and the Bank Merger Act. The Executive Order has received significant public support from members of Congress as well as from members of the board of the FDIC and Federal Reserve and the Acting Comptroller of the Currency. The Director of the CFPB has publicly sought a greater role for the CFPB in the evaluation of bank merger proposals. Any enhanced regulatory scrutiny of bank mergers and acquisitions and revision of the regulatory framework for approval of bank mergers could adversely affect the marketplace for bank merger transactions and could result in potential future acquisitions by us being delayed, impeded or restricted in certain respects and result in new rules that possibly limit the size of financial institutions that we may be able to acquire in the future or alter the terms for such transactions. 
 
 We may be unsuccessful in identifying, consummating or integrating any potential acquisitions. Acquisitions of financial institutions, assets of financial institutions or other operating entities involve operational risks and uncertainties. Acquired companies or assets may have unknown or contingent liabilities, exposure to unexpected asset quality problems that require write downs or write-offs, additional regulatory requirements or difficulty retaining key employees and customers. 
 
 Due to these and other issues relating to acquisitions, we may not be able to realize projected cost savings, synergies or other benefits associated with any such acquisition. Failure to efficiently integrate any acquired entities or assets into our existing operations could significantly increase our operating costs and consequently have material adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our future results will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations following the CIT Merger . 
 
 Following the CIT Merger, the size and geographic and operational scope of our business has increased significantly. The CIT Merger more than doubled our asset size, increased the breadth and complexity of our business with the addition of new business lines in which we have not previously engaged and expanded our geographic scope to new geographic areas. Our future success depends, in part, upon the ability to manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new and expanded operations and associated increased costs and complexity. We may be unsuccessful in this regard or fail to realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the CIT Merger. 
 
 We encounter significant competition that may reduce our market share and profitability. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry and compete with other banks and specialized financial services providers in our market areas. Our primary competitors include local, regional and national banks; credit unions; commercial finance companies; leasing companies; various wealth management providers; independent and captive insurance agencies; mortgage companies; and other non-bank providers of financial services. Some of our larger competitors, including certain banks with a significant presence in our market areas, have the capacity to offer products and services we do not offer. Some of our non-bank competitors operate in less stringent regulatory environments, and certain competitors are not subject to federal or state income taxes. The fierce competitive pressures that we face adversely affect pricing for many of our products and services. 
 
 19 

Additionally, technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions that historically have involved banks through alternative methods without involving banks. For example, consumers can now maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts, mutual funds or virtual accounts. Consumers can also complete transactions, such as paying bills or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. Transactions utilizing digital assets, including cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and other similar assets, have increased substantially. Certain characteristics of digital asset transactions, such as the speed with which such transactions can be conducted, the ability to transact without the involvement of regulated intermediaries, the ability to engage in transactions across multiple jurisdictions, and the anonymous nature of the transactions, are appealing to certain consumers. Accordingly, digital asset service providers which, at present, are not subject to as extensive regulation as banking organizations and other financial institutions have become active competitors for our customers banking business and may have greater flexibility in competing for business. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the CIT Merger, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. We may also encounter difficulties in completing the integration of the acquired operations and may incur expenses in excess of those forecasted in connection with the completion. 
 
 The success of the CIT Merger, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, depends, in substantial part, on our ability to successfully complete the integration of the acquired operations in a manner that results in various benefits, such as anticipated synergies and cost savings, and that does not materially disrupt existing customer relationships or result in decreased revenues due to loss of customers. Although our merger integration is substantially complete, the process of integrating operations resulted in a loss of key personnel, and we could still discover inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, which could adversely affect us. While we have attempted to accurately forecast a certain level of expense and expected cost savings in connection with the integration, there are many factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount and the timing of the integration expense and projected cost savings. In addition, the diversion of management s attention and any unexpected delays or difficulties encountered in completing the integration of the acquired operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 
 Certain provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may prevent a change in management or a takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in their best interests. 
 
 We are a banking holding company incorporated in the state of Delaware. Certain anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law and certain provisions contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our Certificate of Incorporation) and Amended and Restated Bylaws (our Bylaws could delay or prevent the removal of our directors and other management. The provisions could also delay or make more difficult a tender offer, merger or proxy contest a stockholder might consider to be in their best interests. For example, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws: 
 
 allow the Board to issue and set the terms of preferred shares without further stockholder approval; 
 limit who can call a special meeting of stockholders; 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board and proposals of other business to be considered at annual meetings of stockholders; and 
 authorize the issuance of two classes of common stock, one of which, Class B common stock, par value 1 per share Class B common stock ), is entitled to cast 16 votes per share. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 34.1 of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock were owned and entitled to be voted by our directors and executive officers and certain of their affiliates. 
 
 These provisions, as well as provisions of the BHC Act and other relevant statutes and regulations that require advance notice and applications for regulatory approval of changes in control of banks and bank holding companies, may discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over market price, adversely affecting the price that could be received by our stockholders for our common stock. Additionally, the fact that the Holding family and entities related to various family members hold or control shares representing approximately 50 , and in the past have held or controlled shares representing more than 50 , of the voting power of our common stock may discourage potential takeover attempts and bids for our common stock at a premium over market price. 

20 

Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders. This could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees or agents. 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholder to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or as to which the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. These choice of forum provisions do not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for any actions brought under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Accordingly, our choice of forum provisions will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees or agents, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees or agents. 
 
 If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 
 We rely on dividends from FCB for paying dividends on our common and preferred stock and servicing our debt obligations, and FCB s ability to pay us dividends is restricted. 
 
 As a FHC, we are a separate legal entity from FCB. We derive most of our revenue and cash flow from dividends paid by FCB. These dividends are the primary source from which we pay dividends on our common and preferred stock and interest and principal on our debt obligations. State and federal laws impose restrictions on the dividends that FCB may pay to us. In the event FCB is unable to pay dividends to us for an extended period of time, we may not be able to service our debt obligations or pay dividends on our common or preferred stock, and the inability to receive dividends from FCB could consequently have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our financial performance depends upon our ability to attract and retain customers for our products and services, which may be adversely impacted by weakened consumer or business confidence and by any inability on our part to predict and satisfy customers needs and demands. 
 
 Our financial performance is subject to risks associated with the loss of customer confidence and demand. A fragile, weakening or changing economy, or ambiguity surrounding the economic future, may lessen the demand for our products and services. Our performance may also be negatively impacted if we fail to attract and retain customers because we are not able to successfully anticipate, develop and market products and services that satisfy market demands. Such events could impact our performance through fewer loans, reduced fee income and fewer deposits, each of which could result in reduced net income. 
 
 21 

New technologies, and our ability to efficiently and effectively implement, market and deliver new products and services to our customers present competitive risks. 
 
 The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introduction of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. The rapid growth of new digital technologies related to the digitization of banking services and capabilities, including through internet services, smart phones and other mobile devices, requires us to continuously evaluate our product and service offerings to ensure they remain competitive. These trends were accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic increasing demand for mobile banking solutions. Our success depends in part on our ability to adapt and deliver our products and services in a manner responsive to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences. New technologies by banks and non-bank service providers may create risks if our products and services are no longer competitive with then-current standards, and could negatively affect our ability to attract or maintain a loyal customer base. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services that allow us to remain competitive or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. These risks may affect our ability to grow and could reduce our revenue streams from certain products and services, while increasing expenses associated with developing more competitive solutions, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 We face significant operational risks in our businesses and may fail to maintain appropriate operational infrastructure and oversight. 
 
 Safely conducting and growing our business requires that we create and maintain an appropriate operational and organizational control infrastructure. Operational risk can arise in numerous ways, including, but not limited to, employee fraud, customer fraud and control lapses in bank operations and information technology. Our dependence on our employees and internal and third party automated systems and vendors to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical failures or system-tampering will result in losses that are difficult to detect. Our internal controls that are intended to safeguard and maintain our operational and organizational infrastructure and information have inherent limitations and may not be successful. We may be subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. In addition, our railcars are used to transport a variety of products including, but not limited to, cement, energy products, chemicals and coal. An accidental derailment of these railcars could result in personal injury and property damage, which could be significant, as well as potential environmental remediation and restoration obligations and penalties. Failure to maintain appropriate operational infrastructure and oversight or to safely operate our business can lead to loss of service to customers, reputational harm, legal actions and noncompliance with various laws and regulations, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A cyberattack, information or security breach, or a technology outage of ours or of a third party could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business, manage our exposure to risk, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential customer or employee data or proprietary information, and increase our costs to maintain and update our operational and security systems and infrastructure. This could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause us legal or reputational harm. 
 
 Our businesses are highly dependent on the security and efficacy of our infrastructure, computer and data management systems, as well as those of third parties with whom we interact or on whom we rely. Our businesses rely on the secure processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. In addition, to access our network, products and services, our customers and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks, which may provide a point of entry for adverse effects on our own network environment. 
 
 We, our customers, regulators and other third parties have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyberattacks. These cyberattacks include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, ransomware, phishing attacks, denial of service or information or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information of ours, our employees, our customers or of third parties, damages to systems, or other material disruption to our or our customers or other third parties network access or business operations. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we have been and will likely continue to be required to expend significant resources to continuously enhance our protective measures and may be required to expend significant resources to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. We may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may we be able to implement guaranteed preventive measures against such security breaches. Additionally, a security breach may be difficult to detect, even after it occurs, which may compound the issues related to such breach. 
 
 22 

Continued geographical turmoil, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, has heightened the risk of cyberattack and has created new risk for cybersecurity, and similar concerns. For example, the United States government has warned that sanctions imposed against Russia by the United States in response to its conflict with Ukraine could motivate Russia to engage in malicious cyber activities against the United States. If such cyberattacks occurred, it could result in severe costs and disruptions to governmental entities and companies and their operations. The impact of the conflict and retaliatory measures is continually evolving and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 
 Cybersecurity risks for banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, activists and other external parties. These risks are expected to continue in the future as that proliferation intensifies. For example, we will likely see an increase in cybersecurity risks in the future as we continue to augment our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. In addition, financially motivated attacks remain a challenge from a cybercrime perspective due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime groups, hackers, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. Even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. Additionally, the increase of supply chain attacks including third parties with access to our data or those providing critical services, remain an emerging operational issue which could adversely affect our business, customers, reputation and operations. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our layers of defense or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. 
 
 Although to date we are not aware of any material losses or other material consequences relating to technology failure, cyberattacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, we may suffer such losses or other consequences in the future. 
 
 We also face indirect technology, cybersecurity and operational risks relating to customers and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable our business activities, including financial counterparties; financial intermediaries such as clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses; vendors; regulators; and providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power. As a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyberattack or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including us. This consolidation interconnectivity and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. Any third-party technology failure, cyberattack or other information or security breach, termination or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our customers, manage our exposure to risk or expand our businesses. 
 
 Cyberattacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. Furthermore, the public perception that a cyberattack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage our reputation with customers and third parties with whom we do business and may encourage further cyberattacks. A successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause us negative consequences, including loss of customers and business opportunities, disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation or destruction of our confidential information and that of our customers, or damage to our customers and third parties computers or systems, and could result in a violation of applicable data privacy and protection laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, and additional compliance costs, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, including its variant strains, may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The spread of COVID-19 created a global health-crisis that caused significant economic disruption and continues to cause illness, quarantines, reduced attendance at events and reduced travel, reduced commercial and financial activity, and overall economic and financial market instability. While the level of disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic has generally lessened in 2022, there is no assurance that the pandemic will not worsen again, including as a result of the emergence of new strains of the virus. 
 
 23 

Continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic, or a similar crisis, could negatively impact our capital, liquidity, and other financial positions and our business, results of operations, and prospects. Economic factors stemming from the lasting effects of the pandemic, including inflation risks, oil price volatility and changes in interest rates, have and may continue to destabilize financial markets and negatively impact our customers business activities and operations, making it difficult for them to satisfy existing debt obligations. Moreover, as economic conditions relating to the pandemic have improved and evolved, the Federal Reserve has shifted its focus to limiting the inflationary and other potentially adverse effects of the extensive pandemic-related government stimulus, which signals the potential for a continued period of economic uncertainty. The duration and severity of the pandemic continues to be impossible to predict, as is the potential for a seasonal or other resurgence. The full extent of the impact will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain including the duration and spread of any further outbreak, its severity, vaccine effectiveness and acceptance, governmental actions to contain the virus (including its variants) and the long-term economic impact, both globally, as well as in our banking markets, which includes the potential for further recession. 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic heightened specific risk factors and could still impact substantially all risk factors described herein. 
 
 We are subject to litigation and other legal liability risks, and our expenses related to such risks may adversely affect our results. 
 
 We are subject to litigation risks in the ordinary course of our business. Claims and legal actions, including supervisory actions by our regulators, that have been or may be initiated against us (including against entities that we acquire) from time to time could involve large monetary sums and significant defense costs. During the last credit crisis, we saw the number of cases and our expenses related to those cases increase and expect to see the same in future credit crises. The outcomes of such cases are always uncertain until finally adjudicated or resolved. 
 
 In the course of our business, we may foreclose on and take title to real estate that contains or was used in the manufacture or processing of hazardous materials or that is subject to other environmental risks. In addition, we may lease equipment to our customers that is used to mine, develop, and process hazardous materials, and our railcars may be used to transport hazardous materials. As a result, we could be subject to environmental liabilities or claims for negligence, property damage or personal injury with respect to these properties or equipment. We may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination, accidents or other hazardous risks, or may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, if we are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site or equipment involved in a hazardous incident, we may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination, property damage, personal injury or other hazardous risks emanating from the property or related to the equipment. 
 
 We establish reserves for legal claims when payments associated with the claims become probable and our liability can be reasonably estimated. We may still incur legal costs for a matter even if we have not established a reserve. In addition, the actual amount paid in resolution of a legal claim may be substantially higher than any amounts reserved for the matter. The ultimate resolution of a legal proceeding, depending on the remedy sought and any relief granted, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Substantial legal claims or significant regulatory action against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to us, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. We may be exposed to substantial uninsured legal liabilities and regulatory actions which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. For additional information, refer to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 24 - Commitments and Contingencies, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We depend on qualified personnel for our success and may not be able to retain or attract such personnel. 
 
 As a human capital-intensive business, our success depends to a great extent on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified executive officers and management, financial, compliance, technical, operations, sales, and support employees, which has taken on heightened importance because of the significant expansion of the size and geographic and operational scope of our business that occurred in connection with the CIT Merger. We face significant competition in the recruitment of qualified executive officers and employees. Losses of, or changes in, our current executive officers or other personnel and their expertise and services, or substantial increases in the costs of employee compensation or benefits, may disrupt our business and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We have developed an executive officer succession plan, but it may be ineffective, or we may fail in implementing it. We may be unsuccessful in retaining our current executive officers or other key personnel, or hiring additional key personnel to assist in executing our growth, expansion and acquisition strategies, all of which could cause those strategies to fail or be less successful than they would otherwise be. 
 
 24 

Our compensation practices are subject to review and oversight by the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and other regulators. The federal banking agencies have issued joint guidance on executive compensation designed to help ensure that a banking organization s incentive compensation policies do not encourage imprudent risk taking and are consistent with the safety and soundness of the organization. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act required those agencies, along with the SEC, to adopt rules to require reporting of incentive compensation and to prohibit certain compensation arrangements. Effective January 2023, the SEC adopted final rules requiring national securities exchanges, including The Nasdaq Stock Market Stock Market LLC Nasdaq where we are currently listed, to establish new listing standards relating to policies for the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation, which are often referred to as clawback policies . Among other requirements, these new listing standards will obligate listed companies to recover incentive-based compensation paid to its current or former executive officers in the event the company is required to make certain accounting restatements. If, as a result of complying with the new rules, we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, or do so at rates necessary to maintain our competitive position, or if the compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more significant, our performance, including our competitive position, could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We are exposed to losses related to fraud. 
 
 As technology continues to evolve, criminals are using increasingly more sophisticated techniques to commit and hide fraudulent activity. Fraudulent activity that we have been and are likely to continue to be exposed to can come in many forms, including debit card/credit card fraud, check fraud, wire fraud, electronic scanning devices attached to ATM machines, social engineering, digital fraud and phishing attacks to obtain personal information and fraudulent impersonation of our customers through the use of falsified or stolen credentials. We expect that combating fraudulent activities as they evolve will require continued ongoing investments and attention in the future as significant fraud could cause us direct losses or impair our customer relationships, among other potential consequences, adversely impacting our reputation or results of operation. 
 
 Our business and financial performance could be impacted by natural or man-made disasters, global pandemics, acts of war or terrorist activities, climate change or other adverse external events. 
 
 Natural or man-made disasters (including, but not limited to, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires, pollution, and explosions), global pandemics, acts of war, terrorist activities, climate change or other adverse external events could hurt our financial performance (i) directly through damage to our facilities or other impacts to our ability to conduct business in the ordinary course, and (ii) indirectly through such damage or impacts to our customers, suppliers or other counterparties. In particular, a significant amount of our business is concentrated in North Carolina, South Carolina, California, Texas, New York and Florida, including areas where our facilities and retail and commercial customers have been and in the future could be impacted by hurricanes and flooding, earthquakes or wildfires. We also do business in Georgia, Virginia, Nebraska, Arizona, New Jersey, Hawaii, Nevada, as well as in Canada, all of which also include areas significantly exposed to the foregoing risks. We could also suffer adverse results to the extent that disasters, wars, terrorist activities, riots or civil unrest affect the broader markets or economy or our operations specifically. Our ability to minimize the consequences of such events is in significant measure reliant on the quality of our disaster recovery planning and our ability, if any, to forecast the events, and such quality and ability may be inadequate. 
 
 There has been increasing political and social attention to the issue of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. Federal and state legislators and regulatory agencies have proposed and continue to advance numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives seeking to mitigate the negative effects of climate change. On October 21, 2021, the Financial Stability Oversight Council published a report identifying climate-related financial risk as an emerging threat to financial stability. On December 16, 2021, the OCC issued proposed principles for climate-related financial risk management for national banks with more than 100 billion in total assets. On March 30, 2022 and December 2, 2022, the FDIC and Federal Reserve Board issued their own proposed principles, respectively, for climate risk management by larger banking organizations. To the extent that these initiatives lead to the promulgation of new regulations or supervisory guidance applicable to us, we would expect to experience increased compliance costs and other compliance-related risks. Such climate change-related measures may also result in the imposition of taxes and fees, the required purchase of emission credits or the implementation of significant operational changes, each of which may require us to expend significant capital and incur compliance, operating, maintenance and remediation costs. 
 
 25 

We are unable to predict how climate change may impact our financial condition and operations; however, as a banking organization, the physical effects of climate change may present certain unique risks to us, our customers or third parties on which we rely. For example, an increase in the frequency or magnitude of natural disasters, shifts in local climates and other disruptions related to climate change may adversely affect the value of real properties securing our loans, which could diminish the value of our loan portfolio. Such events may also cause reductions in regional and local economic activity that may have an adverse effect on our customers. Consumers and businesses in communities that we serve may change their behavior and preferences as a result of these issues and new climate change laws and regulations aimed at mitigating climate change. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including their reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities and therefore, we could experience a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors . We may also be subject to adverse action from our regulators or other third parties, such as environmental advocacy organizations, in relation to how our business relates to or has addressed or failed to address climate change-related risks. Each of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on third party vendors to provide key components of our business infrastructure, and our vendors may be responsible for or contribute to failures that adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Third party vendors provide key components of our business infrastructure, including certain data processing and information services. Their services could be difficult to quickly replace in the event of failure or other interruption in service. Failures of certain vendors to provide services could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers. Third party vendors also present information security risks to us, both directly and indirectly through our customers. Our monitoring of significant vendor risks, including the financial stability of critical vendors, may be inadequate and incomplete. The lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent impacts from variant strains may continue to compound vendor risks, as unexpected disruptions can impact a third party vendor s operations with little warning. These effects include the direct impact of disease as well as secondary effects on third party vendors, including pandemic-related changes to how vendors are engaged, onboarded and monitored. The failure of a critical third party vendor to provide key components of our business infrastructure could substantially disrupt our business and cause us to incur significant expense while harming our relationships with our customers. 
 
 The quality of our data could deteriorate and cause financial or reputational harm to the Bank. 
 
 Our Data Governance program is reliant on the execution of procedures, process controls and system functionality, and errors may occur. Incomplete, inconsistent, or inaccurate data could lead to non-compliance with regulatory requirements and result in fines. Additionally, adverse impacts on customers could result in reputational harm and customer attrition. Inaccurate or incomplete data presents the risk that business decisions relying on such data will prove inefficient, ineffective or harmful to us. Additionally, information we provide to our investors and regulators may be negatively impacted by inaccurate or incomplete data, which could have a wide range of adverse consequences such as legal liability and reputational harm. 
 
 Malicious action by an employee could result in harm to our customers or the Bank. 
 
 Several high-profile cases of employee misconduct have occurred at other financial institutions. Such an event may lead to large regulatory fines, as well as an erosion in customer confidence, which could impact our financial and competitive position. Our employee code of ethics and policies governing our compensation, conduct and sales practices may be inadequate to deter and respond to potential employee misconduct. 
 
 Credit Risks 
 
 If we fail to effectively manage credit risk, our business and financial condition will suffer. 
 
 Effectively managing credit risks is essential for the operation of our business. There are credit risks inherent in making any loan, including risks of repayment, risks with respect to the period of time over which the loan may be repaid, risks relating to proper loan underwriting and guidelines, risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions, risks in dealing with individual borrowers and risks resulting from uncertainties as to the future value of collateral. Our loan approval procedures and our credit risk monitoring may be or become inadequate to appropriately manage the inherent credit risks associated with lending. Our credit administration personnel, policies and procedures may not adequately adapt to changes in economic or other conditions affecting customers and the quality of our loan portfolio. Any failure to manage such credit risks may materially adversely affect our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition because it may lead to loans that we make not being paid back in part or in full on a timely basis or at all. 

26 

Our allowance for credit losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb losses in our credit portfolios. 
 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses ACL that is designed to cover expected credit losses on loans that borrowers may not repay in their entirety. A reserve is also maintained in other liabilities to cover expected losses for unfunded commitments. The ACL may not be sufficient to cover actual credit losses, and future provisions for credit losses could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Accounting measurements related to asset impairment and the ACL require significant estimates that are subject to uncertainty and revisions driven by new information and changing circumstances. The significant uncertainties surrounding our borrowers abilities to conduct their businesses successfully through changing economic environments, competitive challenges and other factors complicate our estimates of the risk and amount of loss on any loan. Due to the degree of uncertainty and the susceptibility to change, the actual losses may vary substantially from current estimates. We also expect fluctuations in the ACL due to economic changes nationally as well as locally within the states in which we conduct business. This is especially true as the economy reacts to the continuation of and potential recovery from the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic and related variant strains. In addition, the reserve related to unfunded commitments may not be sufficient to cover actual losses, and future provisions for such losses could also materially and adversely affect our operating results and are also subject to significant uncertainties and fluctuations. 
 
 As an integral part of their examination process, our banking regulators periodically review the ACL and may require us to increase it by recognizing additional provisions for credit losses charged to expense or to decrease the allowance by recognizing loan charge-offs, net of recoveries. Any such required additional credit loss provisions or loan charge-offs could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our concentration of loans and leases to borrowers and lessees within the medical and dental industries, as well as the rail business, could impair our earnings if those industries experience economic difficulties. 
 
 Statutory or regulatory changes relevant to the medical and dental industries, or economic conditions in the market generally, could negatively impact these borrowers businesses and their ability to repay their loans with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, smaller practices such as those in the dental industry generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities, and generally have a heightened vulnerability to negative economic conditions. Consequently, we could be required to increase our ACL through additional provisions on our income statement, which would reduce reported net income. 
 
 Due to our substantial concentration in our rail business, if there is a significant downturn in shipping by railcar, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic and variant strains has created volatility and uncertainty in the economy, which has and is expected to continue to adversely impact our rail business. In addition, volatility in the price of, and demand for oil and gas may have negative effects on not only our loan exposures in the exploration and production section, but may also lead to a decreased demand for our railcars. 
 
 Economic conditions in real estate markets impacting collateral values and our reliance on junior liens may adversely impact our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Real property collateral values may be impacted by economic conditions in the real estate market and may result in losses on loans that, while adequately collateralized at the time of origination, become inadequately collateralized over time. Our reliance on junior liens is concentrated in our consumer revolving mortgage loan portfolio. Approximately two-thirds of the consumer revolving mortgage portfolio is secured by junior lien positions, and lower real estate values for collateral underlying these loans may cause the outstanding balance of the senior lien to exceed the value of the collateral, resulting in a junior lien loan becoming effectively unsecured. Inadequate collateral values, rising interest rates and unfavorable economic conditions could result in greater delinquencies, write-downs or charge-offs in future periods, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and capital adequacy. 
 
 Our financial condition could be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 
 Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. We have exposure to numerous financial services providers, including banks, securities brokers and dealers and other financial services providers. Our monitoring of the financial conditions of financial institutions with which we have credit exposure is inherently limited and may be inadequate, and transactions with those institutions expose us to credit risk through the possibility of counterparty default. 

27 

Market Risks 
 
 Unfavorable economic or political conditions, as considered through a range of metrics, have and could continue to adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business is subject to periodic fluctuations based on international, national, regional and local economic conditions. These fluctuations are not predictable, cannot be controlled and have had and may continue to have or further have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial condition. Our banking operations are primarily located within several states but are locally oriented and community-based. Our retail and commercial banking activities are primarily concentrated within the same geographic footprint. The markets in which we have the greatest presence are North Carolina, South Carolina, California, Texas, New York, and Florida. We also do business in Canada, primarily related to our rail portfolio. Worsening economic conditions within our markets, particularly within those with our greatest presence, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Accordingly, we expect to continue to be dependent upon local business conditions, rail industry conditions and conditions in the local residential and commercial real estate markets we serve. Unfavorable changes in unemployment, real estate values, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and other factors could weaken the economies of the communities we serve and otherwise adversely affect our business. Thus far, this includes declines in fee income and impacts on the fair value of our equity securities, but could create additional adverse impacts to provision for credit losses and declines in demand for our products and services. 
 
 We conduct limited business operations in certain foreign jurisdictions, and we engage in certain cross border lending and leasing transactions. An economic recession or downturn or business disruption associated with the political or economic environments in the international markets in which we operate could similarly adversely affect us. 
 
 In addition, the political environment, the level of United States debt and global economic conditions can have a destabilizing effect on financial markets. Weakness in any of our market areas could have an adverse impact on our earnings, and consequently, our financial condition and capital adequacy. For example, a U.S. government debt default, threatened default, or downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the United States by credit rating agencies, could have an adverse impact on the financial markets, interest rates and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide. The U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns in recent years have increased the possibility of U.S. government shutdowns, forced federal spending reductions, debt defaults, credit-rating downgrades and an economic slowdown or recession in the United States. Political tensions may make it difficult for Congress to agree on any further increases to or suspension of the debt ceiling in a timely manner or at all, which may lead to a default by the U.S. government or downgrades of its credit ratings. Many of the investment securities held in FCB s portfolio are issued by the U.S. government and government agencies and sponsored entities, which are generally viewed as among the most conservative investment options. While the likelihood may be remote, a government default or threat of default would impact the price and liquidity of U.S. government securities. A debt default or further downgrade to the U.S. government s sovereign credit rating or its perceived creditworthiness could also adversely affect the ability of the U.S. government to support the financial stability of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the FHLBs. Since banks are sensitive to the risk of downturns, the stock prices of all banks typically decline, sometimes substantially, if the market believes that a downturn has become more likely or is imminent. This effect can and often does occur indiscriminately, initially without much regard to different risk postures of different banks. Weakness in any of our market areas could have an adverse impact on our earnings, and consequently, our financial condition and capital adequacy. 
 
 Failure to effectively manage our interest rate risk could adversely affect us. 
 
 Our results of operations and cash flows are highly dependent upon net interest income. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic and market conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, particularly the actions of the Federal Reserve s Federal Open Market Committee FOMC ). Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence interest income, interest expense, and the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities. If changes in interest rates on our interest-earning assets are not equal to the changes in interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities, our net interest income and, therefore, our net income, could be adversely impacted. 
 
 As interest rates rise, our interest expense will increase and our net interest margins may decrease, negatively impacting our performance and our financial condition. To the extent banks and other financial services providers compete for interest-bearing deposit accounts through higher interest rates, our deposit base could be reduced if we are unwilling to pay those higher rates. If we decide to compete with those higher interest rates, our cost of funds could increase and our net interest margins could be reduced, dependent on the timing and sensitivities of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Additionally, higher interest rates may impact our ability to originate new loans. Increases in interest rates could adversely affect the ability of our borrowers to meet higher payment obligations. If this occurred, it could cause an increase in nonperforming assets and net charge-offs. 
 28 

We cannot control or predict with certainty changes in interest rates. The forecasts of future net interest income by our interest rate risk monitoring system are estimates and may be inaccurate. Actual interest rate movements may differ from our forecasts, and unexpected actions by the FOMC may have a direct impact on market interest rates. The Federal Reserve announced in January of 2022 that it would be slowing the pace of its bond purchasing and increasing the target range for the federal funds rate over time. The FOMC since has increased the target range seven times throughout 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the target range for the federal funds rate had been increased to 4.25 to 4.5 and the FOMC signaled that future increases may be appropriate in order to attain a monetary policy sufficiently restrictive to return inflation to more normalized levels. The higher interest rates increased the cost of deposits and our other funding sources, and may continue to increase costs, dependent on the Federal Reserve actions. 
 
 Accounting for acquired assets may result in earnings volatility. 
 
 Fair value discounts that are recorded at the time an asset is acquired are accreted into interest income based on accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The rate at which those discounts are accreted is unpredictable and the result of various factors including prepayments and estimated credit losses. Post-acquisition credit deterioration results in the recognition of provision expense. Volatility in earnings could unfavorably influence investor interest in our common stock, thereby depressing the market value of our stock and the market capitalization of our company. 
 
 The performance of equity securities and corporate bonds in our investment securities portfolio could be adversely impacted by the soundness and fluctuations in the market values of other financial institutions. 
 
 Our investment securities portfolio contains certain equity securities and corporate bonds of other financial institutions. As a result, a portion of our investment securities portfolio is subject to fluctuation due to changes in the financial stability and market value of other financial institutions, as well as interest rate sensitivity to economic and market conditions. Such fluctuations could reduce the value of our investment securities portfolio and consequently have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We have seen volatile earnings impacts related to the fair value of equity securities in recent periods. 
 
 We may be adversely impacted by the transition from LIBOR as a reference rate. 
 
 We have loans, borrowings and other financial instruments, including our Series B Preferred Stock, with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). In 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA announced that after 2021 it would no longer compel banks to submit the rates required to calculate LIBOR. In November 2020, to facilitate an orderly LIBOR transition, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the FDIC and the Federal Reserve jointly announced that entering into new contracts using LIBOR as a reference rate after December 31, 2021, would create a safety and soundness risk. On March 5, 2021, the FCA announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of 1-week and 2-month United States dollar LIBOR, and immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining United States dollar LIBOR settings. In addition, on March 15, 2022, the U.S. Congress passed the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, which provides protection for contracts without workable fallback provisions and includes safe-harbor provisions to shield parties from liability under potential lawsuits due to the transition away from LIBOR. The final rule implementing the LIBOR Act was announced by the FRB on December 16, 2022, which among other things, (i) identifies benchmark rates based on the Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR to replace LIBOR settings in multiple categories of legacy contracts; (ii) specifies benchmark conforming changes related to the calculation, administration and other implementing actions of such benchmark replacements; and (iii) preempts state and local LIBOR replacement laws relating to the selection or use of a benchmark replacement or related conforming changes. BancShares anticipates taking advantage of the safe harbors that are afforded under the LIBOR Act and the implementing final rule. 
 
 In the United States, efforts to identify a set of alternative United States dollar reference interest rates are ongoing, and the Alternative Reference Rate Committee (the ARRC has recommended the use of SOFR. SOFR is different from LIBOR in that it is a backward-looking secured rate rather than a forward-looking unsecured rate. These differences could lead to a greater disconnect between the Bank s costs to raise funds for SOFR as compared to LIBOR. For cash products and loans, the ARRC has also recommended Term SOFR, which is a forward-looking SOFR based on SOFR futures and may in part reduce differences between SOFR and LIBOR. To further reduce differences between replacement indices and substitute indices, some market practitioners have also gravitated towards credit sensitive alternative reference rates besides SOFR. At this time, it is not possible to predict whether and to what extent banks will continue to provide submissions for the calculation of LIBOR. Similarly, there is still uncertainty around how quickly replacement reference rates will develop sufficient liquidity and industry-wide usage, or what the effect of any such changes in views or alternatives may be on the markets for LIBOR-indexed financial instruments. 
 
 29 

The transition from LIBOR is complex and is expected to create additional costs and risks. Since proposed replacement reference rates, such as SOFR, are calculated differently, payments under contracts referencing such rates will differ from those referencing LIBOR. We may incur significant expense in effecting the transition and may be subject to disputes or litigation with our borrowers over the appropriateness or comparability to LIBOR of the replacement reference rates. Consequently, failure to adequately manage this transition process with our customers could adversely impact our reputation and potentially introduce additional legal risks. The replacement reference rates could also result in a reduction in our interest income. We may also receive inquiries and other actions from regulators with respect to our preparation and readiness for the replacement of LIBOR with replacement reference rates. The transition will change our market risk profiles, requiring changes to risk and pricing models, systems, contracts, valuation tools and product design, and failure to adequately manage this transition process could consequently have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The value of our goodwill may decline in the future. 
 
 Our goodwill could become impaired in the future. At December 31, 2022, we had 346 million of goodwill recorded as an asset on our balance sheet. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually, comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit with its net book value. We also test goodwill for impairment when certain events occur, such as a significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate or a sustained decline in the price of our common stock. These tests may result in a write-off of goodwill deemed to be impaired, which could have a significant impact on our financial results. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile due to its relative illiquidity and other factors. 
 
 Although publicly traded, our common stock, particularly our Class B common stock, has less liquidity and public float than many other large, publicly traded financial services companies. Lower liquidity increases the price volatility of our common stock and could make it difficult for our stockholders to sell or buy our common stock at specific prices. 
 
 Excluding the impact of liquidity, the market price of our common stock can fluctuate widely in response to other factors, including expectations of financial and operating results, actual operating results, actions of institutional stockholders, speculation in the press or the investment community, market perception of acquisitions, including the CIT Merger, rating agency upgrades or downgrades, stock prices of other companies that are similar to us, general market expectations related to the financial services industry and the potential impact of government actions affecting the financial services industry. For example, the closing price per share of our Class A common stock, par value 1 per share Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market ranged from a low of 598.01 to a high of 947.71 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Liquidity Risks 
 
 If our current level of balance sheet liquidity were to experience pressure, it could affect our ability to pay deposits and fund our operations. 
 
 Our deposit base represents our primary source of core funding and balance sheet liquidity. We typically have the ability to stimulate core deposit growth through reasonable and effective pricing strategies. However, in circumstances where our ability to generate needed liquidity is impaired, we need access to non-core funding such as borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank and the Federal Reserve, Federal Funds purchased lines and brokered deposits. While we maintain access to these non-core funding sources, some sources are dependent on the availability of collateral as well as the counterparty s willingness and ability to lend. Failure to access sources of liquidity may affect our ability to pay deposits and fund our operations. 
 
 We are subject to enhanced liquidity risk management requirements as a Category IV banking organization, subject to the applicable transition periods, including reporting, liquidity stress testing, and liquidity buffer, as well as resolution planning at the bank level, and failure to meet these requirements could result in regulatory and compliance risks, and possible restrictions on our activities. 
 
 As a result of the CIT Merger, our total consolidated assets exceed 100 billion, and therefore we became subject to enhanced liquidity risk management requirements as a Category IV banking organization, including reporting, liquidity stress testing, a liquidity buffer and resolution planning, subject to the applicable transition periods. Were we to meet or exceed certain other thresholds for asset size and other risk-based factors, we would become subject to additional requirements under the Tailoring Rules. We expect to incur significant expense in continuing to develop policies, programs and systems designed to comply with all such requirements applicable to us. Failure to develop and maintain an adequate liquidity risk management and monitoring process may lead to adverse regulatory action (including possible restrictions on our activities). 
 30 

Fee revenues from overdraft and nonsufficient funds programs may be subject to increased supervisory scrutiny. 
 
 Revenues derived from transaction fees associated with overdraft and nonsufficient funds NSF programs is included in non-interest income. In 2022, we collected approximately 48 million in overdraft and NSF fees (down from approximately 55 million in 2021), due to the reduction in our fees for overdrafts and elimination of NSF fees announced in January 2022. In 2021, certain members of Congress and the leadership of the CFPB expressed a heightened interest in bank overdraft and NSF programs. In December 2021, the CFPB published a report providing data on banks overdraft and NSF fee revenues as well as observations regarding consumer protection issues relating to such programs and in October 2022, the CFPB published further guidance concerning unlawful practices related to overdraft fees. The CFPB has pursued enforcement actions against banking organizations, and their executives, that oversee overdraft practices that are deemed to be unlawful and has indicated that it will continue to do so. 
 
 In response to this increased congressional and regulatory scrutiny, and in anticipation of enhanced supervision and enforcement of overdraft practices in the future, certain banking organizations have begun to modify their overdraft programs. In January 2022, we announced an elimination of NSF fees and a decrease in overdraft fees. Continued competitive pressures from our peers, as well as any adoption by our regulators of new rules or supervisory guidance or more aggressive examination and enforcement policies in respect of banks overdraft fee practices, could cause us to further modify our program and practices in ways that may have a negative impact on our revenue and earnings, which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, as supervisory expectations and industry practices regarding overdraft fee programs change, our continued charging of overdraft fees may result in negative public opinion and increased reputation risk. 
 
 Capital Adequacy Risks 
 
 Our ability to grow is contingent upon access to capital, which may not be readily available to us. 
 
 Our primary capital sources have been retained earnings and debt issued through both private and public markets. Rating agencies regularly evaluate our creditworthiness and assign credit ratings to us and FCB. The ratings of the agencies are based on a number of factors, some of which are outside our control. In addition to factors specific to our financial strength and performance, the rating agencies also consider conditions generally affecting the financial services industry. We may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings. Rating reductions could adversely affect our access to funding sources and increase the cost of obtaining funding. 
 
 Based on existing capital levels, we and FCB are well-capitalized under current leverage and risk-based capital standards. Our ability to grow is contingent on our ability to generate or otherwise access sufficient capital to remain well-capitalized under current and future capital adequacy guidelines. 
 
 We and FCB are subject to capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines and, if we fail to meet these guidelines, our financial condition and ability to make capital distributions would be adversely affected. 
 
 Under regulatory capital adequacy guidelines and other regulatory requirements, we, together with FCB, must meet certain capital and liquidity guidelines, subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 
 We and FCB are subject to capital rules issued by the federal banking agencies including required minimum capital and leverage ratios. These requirements, and any proposed changes in connection with the federal banking agencies plan to implement the final Basel III post-crisis reform standards, could adversely affect our ability to pay dividends, restrict certain business activities, including share repurchases, or compel us to raise capital, each of which may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Refer to the Regulatory Considerations section in Item 1. Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the capital requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III. 
 
 31 

We are required to submit an annual capital plan to the Federal Reserve and to be subject to supervisory stress testing under the Federal Reserve s CCAR process on a biennial basis as a Category IV banking organization, subject to the applicable transition periods. Under the CCAR process, the Federal Reserve will evaluate our planned capital distributions (e.g., dividends) included in our capital plan over the planning horizon (i.e., nine consecutive quarters, beginning with the quarter preceding the quarter in which the capital plan is submitted over which the relevant projections extend) to determine whether we will be able to meet our ongoing capital needs under a range of different economic scenarios. Failure to obtain a non-objection on our capital plan submitted to the Federal Reserve, or to demonstrate capital adequacy under the CCAR process, could result in restrictions in our ability to declare and pay dividends, repurchase shares, or make other capital distributions. Refer to the Regulatory Considerations section of Item 1. Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the annual capital plan submission to the Federal Reserve and supervisory stress testing under the CCAR process. 
 
 Increases to our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital and to meet our obligations. 
 
 Our existing debt, together with any future incurrence of additional indebtedness and preferred stock, could have consequences that are materially adverse to our business, financial condition or results of operations. For example, it could: (i) limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; (ii) restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or cause us to make non-strategic divestitures; (iii) restrict us from paying dividends to our stockholders; (iv) increase our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions; or (v) require a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness and dividends on the preferred stock, thereby reducing our ability to use cash flows to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities. Refer to the Borrowings sections of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our borrowings. 
 
 Compliance Risks 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, taxes, corporate governance, executive compensation and financial accounting and reporting, including changes in them or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect us. 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to many laws, rules, and regulations at both the federal and state levels. These broad-based laws, rules, and regulations include, but are not limited to, expectations relating to anti-money laundering, lending limits, client privacy, fair lending, prohibitions against unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, regulatory reporting, and community reinvestment, 
 
 In addition, we must comply with other regulations that protect the deposit insurance fund and the stability of the United States financial system, including laws and regulations that, among other matters, prescribe minimum capital requirements, impose limitations on our business activities and investments, limit the dividends or distributions that we can pay, restrict the ability of our bank subsidiaries to guarantee our debt and impose certain specific accounting requirements that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in our capital than GAAP. Compliance with laws and regulations can be difficult and costly, and changes in laws and regulations often result in additional compliance costs. 
 
 We are subject to extensive federal and applicable state regulation and supervision, primarily through FCB and certain nonbank subsidiaries. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, federal deposit insurance funds, and the banking system as a whole, not stockholders. These regulations affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, and growth, among other things. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations, and policies for possible changes. 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations issued by the SEC and The Nasdaq, as well as numerous other more recently enacted statutes and regulations, including the Dodd-Frank Act, EGRRCPA, and regulations promulgated thereunder, have increased the scope, complexity and cost of corporate governance and reporting and disclosure practices, including the costs of completing our external audit and maintaining our internal controls. Such additional regulation and supervision may limit our ability to pursue business opportunities and result in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 32 

Changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations, or policies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject us to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer, or increase the ability of nonbanks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies (including potential limitations on our future acquisitions or operations, or requirements to forfeit assets), civil money penalties, or reputation damage. 
 
 Information security and data privacy are areas of heightened legislative and regulatory focus. 
 
 As information security and data privacy risks for banking organizations and the broader financial system have significantly increased in recent years, data privacy and security issues have become the subject of increasing legislative and regulatory focus. The federal bank regulatory agencies have proposed regulations that would enhance cyber risk management standards, which would apply to a wide range of LFIs and their third-party service providers, including us and FCB, and would focus on cyber risk governance and management, management of internal and external dependencies, and incident response, cyber resilience, and situational awareness. Several states have also proposed or adopted information security legislation and regulations, which require, among other things, notification to affected individuals when there has been a security breach of their personal data. 
 
 We receive, maintain, and store non-public personal information of our customers and counterparties, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information and personal financial information. The collection, sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of these types of information are governed by federal and state law. Both personally identifiable information and personal financial information are increasingly subject to legislation and regulation, the intent of which is to increase transparency related to how personal information is processed, choices individuals have to control how their information is used and to protect the privacy of such information. For example, in June of 2018, the Governor of California signed into law the CCPA. The CCPA, which became effective on January 1, 2020, and was amended in November 2020 by the CPRA, applies to for-profit businesses that conduct business in California and meet certain revenue or data collection thresholds. The CPRA, which became effective on January 1, 2023, amends the scope and several of the substantive requirements of the CCPA, as well as certain mechanisms for administration and enforcement of the statute. Numerous other states have also enacted or are in the process of enacting state-level privacy, data protection and/or data security laws and regulations. 
 
 We may become subject to new legislation or regulation concerning information security and/or data privacy. If security, data privacy, data protection, data transfer, or data retention laws are implemented, interpreted, or applied in a manner inconsistent with our current practices, failure to adapt to changing requirements may subject us to fines, litigation, or regulatory enforcement actions. However, required changes to our business practices, policies, or systems may also adversely impact our operating results. 
 
 We face heightened compliance risks related to certain specialty commercial business lines. 
 
 Our rail business line is subject to various laws, rules and regulations administered by authorities in various jurisdictions. In the United States, our equipment leasing operations, including for railcars, ships, and other equipment, are subject to rules and regulations relating to safety, operations, maintenance and mechanical standards promulgated by various federal and state agencies and industry organizations, including the United States Department of Transportation, the Federal Railroad Administration, the Association of American Railroads, the Maritime Administration, the United States Coast Guard, and the United States Environmental Protection Agency. We are also subject to regulation by governmental agencies in foreign countries in which we do business. Our business operations and our equipment financing and leasing portfolios may be adversely impacted by rules and regulations promulgated by governmental and industry agencies, which could require substantial modification, maintenance, or refurbishment of our railcars, ships or other equipment, or could potentially make such equipment inoperable or obsolete. Failure to comply with these laws, rules and regulations could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies (including potential limitations on our future acquisitions or operations, or requirements to forfeit assets), civil money penalties, or reputation damage. Additionally, we may incur significant expenses in our efforts to comply with these laws, rules and regulations. 

33 

We are a Category IV banking organization and therefore subject to certain enhanced prudential standards and enhanced supervision by the Federal Reserve under the Dodd-Frank Act, as amended by the EGRRCPA, and implemented by the federal banking agencies Tailoring Rules, subject to the applicable transition periods. 
 
 After reporting total consolidated assets of 100 billion or more, based on a four-quarter trailing average, we became subject to enhanced prudential standards under Section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act, as amended by the EGRRCPA, and implemented by the federal banking agencies Tailoring Rules, subject to the applicable transition periods. If we fail to develop and maintain at a reasonable cost the systems and processes necessary to comply with the standards and requirements imposed by these rules, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, as we grow, and our assets exceed certain thresholds, regulatory requirements that we are subject to, as well as our compliance expenses, will increase. For example, after reporting 50 billion or more in weighted short-term wholesale funding, we will be subject to modified LCR and NSFR requirements, and we will be subject to full LCR and NSFR requirements after reporting 75 billion or more in weighted short-term wholesale funding in addition to other enhanced prudential standards as a Category III banking organization. Refer to the Regulatory Considerations section of Item 1. Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the enhanced prudential standards that we are subject to as a Category IV banking organization, and how our regulatory requirements will change based on our total assets and other risk-based factors under the Tailoring Rules. 
 
 The CFPB has reshaped the consumer financial laws through rulemaking and enforcement of the prohibitions against unfair, deceptive and abusive business practices. Compliance with any such change may impact the business operations of depository institutions offering consumer financial products or services, including FCB. 
 
 We are subject to supervision and examination by the CFPB for compliance with the CFPB s regulations and policies. The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority to administer and carry out the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act with respect to financial institutions that offer covered financial products and services to consumers. The CFPB is responsible for adopting rules identifying practices or acts that are unfair, deceptive or abusive in connection with any transaction with a consumer for a consumer financial product or service, or the offering of a consumer financial product or service. The CFPB has initiated enforcement actions against a variety of bank and non-bank market participants with respect to a number of consumer financial products and services that has resulted in those participants expending significant time, money and resources to adjust to the initiatives being pursued by the CFPB. The CFPB has pursued a more aggressive enforcement policy in respect of a range of regulatory compliance matters under the Biden Administration. CFPB enforcement actions may serve as precedent for how the CFPB interprets and enforces consumer protection laws, including practices or acts that are deemed to be unfair, deceptive or abusive, with respect to all supervised institutions, including us. which may result in the imposition of higher standards of compliance with such laws. The limitations and restrictions that may be placed upon us by the CFPB with respect to our consumer product offerings and services may produce significant, material effects on our profitability. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by changes in United States and foreign tax laws and other tax laws and regulations. 
 
 Corporate tax rates affect our profitability and capital levels. We are subject to the income tax laws of the United States, its states and their municipalities and to those of the foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. These tax laws are complex and may be subject to different interpretations. We must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these tax laws when determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and our valuation allowance. Changes to the tax laws, administrative rulings or court decisions could increase our provision for income taxes and reduce our net income. The United States corporate tax code may be reformed by the United States Congress and additional guidance may be issued by the United States Department of the Treasury. In August 2022, Congress enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Reduction Act ), which instituted, among other things, a 1 excise tax on certain corporate stock repurchases which took effect on January 1, 2023. As a result, effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, BancShares may be subject to a Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax CAMT ). BancShares will treat any CAMT that may be applicable to tax years beginning after December 31, 2022 as a period cost. Further changes in tax laws and regulations, and income tax rates in particular, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. These changes could also affect our regulatory capital ratios as calculated in accordance with the Basel III Rules. 

34 

We are subject to ESG risks such as climate risk, hiring practices, diversity, racial and social justice issues, including in relation to our counterparties, which may adversely affect our reputation and ability to retain employees and customers. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of risks arising from environmental, social and governance ESG matters. ESG matters include, but are not limited to, climate risk, hiring practices, the diversity of our work force, and racial and social justice issues involving our personnel, customers and third parties with whom we otherwise do business. Investors have begun to consider the steps taken and resources allocated by financial institutions and other commercial organizations to address ESG matters when making investment and operational decisions. If our ESG practices do not meet (or are viewed as not meeting) investor or other industry stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our reputation and employee and customer retention may be negatively impacted. The Biden Administration, through Executive Orders and leadership appointments at the federal agencies, has communicated and sought to implement an agenda focused on oversight and legislative initiatives in a variety of areas material to our business, including addressing climate-related risks, promoting diversity and equality within the banking industry and addressing other ESG matters relevant to us. 
 We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report and comply with various ESG practices. For example, in 2022, the SEC proposed new climate disclosure rules, which if adopted, would require new climate-related disclosure in SEC filings, including certain climate-related metrics and greenhouse gas emissions data, information about climate-related targets and goals, transition plans, if any, and extensive attestation requirements. Further, we may be exposed to negative publicity based on the identity and activities of those to whom we lend and with which we otherwise do business and the public s view of the approach and performance of our customers and business partners with respect to ESG matters. 
 
 Asset Risks 
 
 We may not be able to realize our entire investment in the equipment that we lease to our customers. 
 
 Our loans and leases include a significant portion of leased equipment, including, but not limited to, railcars and locomotives, technology and office equipment and medical equipment. The realization of equipment values (residual values) during the life and at the end of the term of a lease is an important element in the profitability of our leasing business. At the inception of each lease, we record a residual value for the leased equipment based on our estimate of the future value of the equipment at the end of the lease term or end of the equipment s estimated useful life. If the market value of leased equipment decreases at a rate greater than we projected, whether due to rapid technological or economic obsolescence, unusual wear and tear on the equipment, excessive use of the equipment, recession or other adverse economic conditions impacting supply and demand, it could adversely affect the current values or the residual values of such equipment. 
 
 Financial Reporting Risks 
 
 Accounting standards may change and increase our operating costs or otherwise adversely affect our results. 
 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and the SEC periodically modify the standards governing the preparation of our financial statements. The nature of these changes is not predictable and has impacted and could further impact how we record transactions in our financial statements, which has led to and could lead to material changes in assets, liabilities, stockholders equity, revenues, expenses and net income. Implementation of new accounting rules or standards could additionally require us to implement technology changes which could impact ongoing earnings. 
 
 Our accounting policies and processes are critical to the reporting of our financial condition and results of operations. They require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain, and such estimates may be materially different from actual results. 
 
 Accounting policies and processes are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and processes so they comply with GAAP. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which may be reasonable under the circumstances, yet may result in us reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. 
 
 Management has identified certain accounting policies as being critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective or complex conclusions about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. Because of the uncertainty surrounding management s judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, we may be required to adjust accounting policies or restate prior period financial statements. Refer to Critical Accounting Estimates included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 35 

Our business is highly quantitative and requires widespread use of financial models for day-to-day operations; these models may produce inaccurate predictions that significantly vary from actual results, and we may rely on these inaccurate predictions in making decisions that ultimately adversely affect our business. 
 
 We rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. Such models may be used in many processes including, but not limited to, the pricing of various products and services, classifications of loans, setting interest rates on loans and deposits, quantifying interest rate and other market risks, forecasting losses, measuring capital adequacy and calculating economic and regulatory capital levels. Models may also be used to estimate the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. Inaccurate or erroneous models present the risk that business decisions relying on the models will prove inefficient, ineffective or harmful to us. Additionally, information we provide to our investors and regulators may be negatively impacted by inaccurately designed or implemented models. For further information on risk monitoring, refer to the Risk Management section included in Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We may fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, which could hinder our ability to prevent fraud and provide reliable financial reports to key stakeholders. 
 
 We must have effective internal controls over financial reporting in order to provide reliable financial reports, to effectively prevent fraud and to operate successfully as a public company. If we are unable to provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results will be harmed and we may violate regulatory requirements or otherwise become subject to legal liability. We may discover material weaknesses or significant deficiencies requiring remediation, which would require additional expense and diversion of management attention, among other consequences. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Any failure to maintain effective internal controls or to implement any necessary improvement of our internal controls in a timely manner could, among other things, result in losses from fraud or error, harm our reputation or cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and the market value of our common stock. 

Item 2. Properties 
 We are headquartered in a nine-story building with approximately 163,000 square feet that is located in Raleigh, North Carolina, which is owned by FCB. In addition, FCB owns and occupies two separate facilities in Raleigh as well as a facility in Columbia, South Carolina, which serve as data and operations centers. The addition of CIT primarily increased leased space, as CIT occupied office space and a branch network, the vast majority of which was leased. As of December 31, 2022, FCB operated 582 branches and offices throughout the Southeast, Mid-Atlantic, Midwest and Western United States. FCB owns many of our branch buildings and leases other facilities from third parties. We believe that these properties are in good condition and well maintained, and are suitable and adequate for our business needs. 
 
 Additional information relating to leased office space is set forth in Note 6 Leases, of BancShares Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Additional information relating to premises and equipment is set forth in Note 7 Premises and Equipment, of BancShares Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The Parent Company s and various subsidiaries are named as defendants in various legal actions arising from our normal business activities in which damages in various amounts are claimed. Although the amount of any ultimate liability with respect to those matters cannot be determined, in the opinion of management, no legal actions exist that would be material to BancShares consolidated financial statements. Additional information related to legal proceedings is set forth in Note 24 Commitments and Contingencies, of BancShares Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 36 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Parent Company has two classes of common stock Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Shares of Class A common stock have one vote per share, while shares of Class B common stock have 16 votes per share. The Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FCNCA. The Class B common stock is traded on the over-the-counter market and quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol FCNCB. As of February 17, 2023, there were aggregates of 1,052 and 142 holders of record and individual participants in securities position listings with respect to the Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively. The market volume for Class B common stock is extremely limited. On many days there is no trading and, to the extent there is trading, it is generally low volume. Over-the-counter market quotations for BancShares Class B common stock represent inter-dealer prices without retail markup, markdown or commissions, and may not represent actual transaction prices. 
 
 The average monthly trading volume for the Class A common stock was 2,235,497 shares during the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2,567,371 shares for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Class B common stock monthly trading volume averaged 617 shares during the fourth quarter of 2022 and 1,381 shares for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The table below summarizes our stock repurchase activity during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Class A Common Stock Total Number of Class A Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet be Repurchased Under Plan Repurchases from October 1 - 31, 2022 472,586 842.61 472,586 Repurchases from November 1 - 30, 2022 Repurchases from December 1 - 31, 2022 Total 472,586 842.61 472,586 
 
 On July 26, 2022, the Board authorized a share repurchase program for up to 1,500,000 shares of Class A common stock for the period commencing August 1, 2022 through July 28, 2023. Under the authorized share repurchase program, shares of Class A common stock were authorized to be repurchased from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, including through a Rule 10b5-1 plan. All 1,500,000 shares of Class A common stock under the program were repurchased during 2022, thereby completing the share repurchase program. 

37 

The graph and table below compare the cumulative total shareholder return CTSR of our Class A common stock to selected industry and broad-market indices. The broad-market index comparison is to the Nasdaq US Benchmark Total Return Index and the industry index comparison is to the KBW Nasdaq Bank Total Return Index, which is composed of the largest banking companies and includes all money center banks and regional banks. Each trend line assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, and dividends were reinvested for additional shares. 
 
 The performance graph represents past performance and should not be considered to be an indication of future performance. 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 FCNCA 100 94 133 144 208 190 Nasdaq US Benchmark TR 100 95 124 150 189 152 KBW Nasdaq Bank Total Return Index 100 82 112 100 139 109 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 38 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis MD A of earnings and related financial data is presented to assist in understanding BancShares financial condition and results of operations. Unless otherwise noted, the terms we, us, our, and BancShares in this MD A refer to our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 This MD A is expected to provide our investors with a view of our financial condition and results of operations from our management s perspective. This MD A should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Throughout this MD A, references to a specific Note refer to Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Although certain amounts for prior years have been reclassified to conform to statement presentations for 2022, the reclassifications had no effect on stockholders equity or net income as previously reported. Refer to further detail in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. 
 
 Management uses certain non-GAAP financial measures in its analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of BancShares. See the "Non-GAAP Financial Measurements" section of this MD A for a reconciliation of these financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 On January 3, 2022, we completed the CIT Merger, our largest acquisition to date. CIT had consolidated total assets of approximately 53.24 billion as of December 31, 2021. The CIT Merger is described further below in the Significant Events in 2022 section of this MD A and in Note 2 Business Combinations. 
 
 BancShares financial data for periods prior to the CIT Merger does not include CIT, and therefore may not be directly comparable to data as of or for the year ended December 31, 2022. The CIT Merger is a primary reason for many of the increases in 2022 compared to 2021 as discussed below in the Results of Operations and Balance Sheet sections of this MD A. 
 
 Year-over-year comparisons of the financial results for 2021 and 2020 are contained in Item 7. of BancShares Annual Report on Form 10-K as of and for the year ending December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022 and available through FCB s investor relations website www.ir.firstcitizens.com or the SEC s EDGAR database. 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 
 Key Strategic Objectives 
 
 Our overall business strategy is to acquire, expand, and retain client relationships. From a financial standpoint, long-term sustainability is our primary objective. Our major areas of focus are: 
 Delivering value to our customers - We strive to be customer-centric by providing solutions to serve our customers financial objectives and needs. 
 Growth - Our growth strategy focuses on organic growth, supplemented by strategic acquisitions. We strive to optimize allocation of capital and investments to focus on financial products and services with higher returns and opportunities. Our goal is to continue to add lower cost core deposits to help fund our growth. 
 Our people and associates - We seek to attract, retain and develop associates who align with our long-term direction and culture, while scaling for continued growth. 
 Operational efficiency - We aim to expand revenue, reduce costs of delivery, and maximize merger synergies, while effectively executing on our operating model. 
 Prudent and strong risk management - Our goal is to manage risk within our defined risk appetite. 

39 

Significant Events in 2022 
 
 CIT Merger 
 The CIT Merger closed on January 3, 2022 as further discussed in Note 2 Business Combinations. Significant items related to the CIT Merger are as follows: 
 The fair value of total assets acquired was 53.78 billion, which mainly consisted of approximately 32.71 billion of loans, approximately 7.84 billion of operating lease equipment and approximately 6.56 billion of investment securities. Loans consisted of commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans and finance leases, which are included in our Commercial Banking segment, and consumer loans (primarily residential mortgages), which are in our General Banking segment. Acquired rail assets were mostly operating lease equipment and reported in the Rail segment. 
 The fair value of deposits acquired was approximately 39.43 billion, which included deposits derived from the Digital Bank, Homeowners Association HOA deposits related to Community Association Banking CAB ), and commercial deposits. The transaction also included approximately 80 bank branches, about 60 of which were in Southern California, and the remaining primarily in the Southwest, Midwest and Southeast. 
 FCB assumed certain issued and outstanding series of CIT debt securities with a fair value of approximately 4.54 billion in connection with the CIT Merger. On February 24, 2022, BancShares redeemed approximately 2.90 billion of senior unsecured notes that were assumed in the CIT Merger. 
 BancShares recorded a gain on acquisition of 431 million, representing the excess of the net assets acquired over the purchase price, core deposit intangibles of 143 million, and an intangible liability of 52 million for net below market lessor lease contract rental rates related to the rail portfolio. 

Share Repurchase Program 
 On July 26, 2022, our Board authorized a share repurchase program for up to 1,500,000 shares of BancShares Class A common stock for the period commencing August 1, 2022 through July 28, 2023. All shares under the program were repurchased during 2022, thereby completing the share repurchase program. See Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details on these purchases. 
 
 Segment Updates 
 As of December 31, 2021, BancShares managed its business and reported its financial results as a single segment. BancShares began reporting multiple segments during the first quarter of 2022 and now reports General Banking, Commercial Banking, Rail, and Corporate segments, as further discussed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. Information about our segments is included in Note 23 Business Segment Information and in the section entitled Results by Business Segments later in this MD A. 
 40 

Financial Performance Summary 
 
 Table 1 
 Selected Financial Data 
 dollars in millions, except share data Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS Interest income 3,413 1,451 1,484 Interest expense 467 61 96 Net interest income 2,946 1,390 1,388 Provision (benefit) for credit losses 645 (37) 58 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 2,301 1,427 1,330 Noninterest income 2,136 508 477 Noninterest expense 3,075 1,234 1,189 Income before income taxes 1,362 701 618 Income tax expense 264 154 126 Net income 1,098 547 492 Preferred stock dividends 50 18 14 Net income available to common stockholders 1,048 529 478 PER COMMON SHARE DATA Average diluted common shares 15,549,944 9,816,405 10,056,654 Net income available to common stockholders (diluted) 67.40 53.88 47.50 KEY PERFORMANCE METRICS Return on average assets (ROA) 1.01 1.00 1.07 Net interest margin (NIM) (1) 
 3.14 2.66 3.17 SELECTED PERIOD AVERAGE BALANCES Total investments 19,166 10,611 9,055 Total loans and leases (1) 
 67,787 32,860 31,605 Total operating lease equipment (net) 7,982 Total assets 108,933 54,983 46,021 Total deposits 89,915 48,259 39,747 Total stockholders equity 10,276 4,461 3,954 SELECTED PERIOD-END BALANCES Total investments 19,369 13,110 9,923 Total loans and leases 70,781 32,372 32,792 Total operating lease equipment (net) 8,156 Total assets 109,298 58,309 49,958 Total deposits 89,408 51,406 43,432 Total stockholders equity 9,662 4,738 4,229 Loan to deposit ratio 79.17 62.97 75.50 Noninterest-bearing deposits to total deposits 27.87 41.64 41.48 CAPITAL RATIOS Common equity tier 1 ratio 10.08 11.50 10.61 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 11.06 12.47 11.63 Total risk-based capital ratio 13.18 14.35 13.81 Tier 1 leverage capital ratio 8.99 7.59 7.86 ASSET QUALITY Ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans 0.89 0.37 0.58 Allowance for credit losses to loans ratio 1.30 0.55 0.68 Net charge off ratio 0.12 0.03 0.07 
 (1) Calculation is further discussed in Table 3 in the Results of Operations section of this MD A. 

41 

Year to Date Income Statement Highlights 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.10 billion, an increase of 551 million, or 101 compared to 2021. Net income available to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.05 billion, an increase of 519 million, or 98 compared to 2021. Net income per diluted common share for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 67.40, an increase of 25 compared to 2021. The increases were primarily due to the CIT Merger. 
 Return on average assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.01 , compared to 1.00 for 2021. 
 Net interest income NII for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.95 billion, an increase of 1.56 billion, or 112 compared to 2021. This increase was primarily due to the CIT Merger, loan growth and higher yields on interest-earning assets, partially offset by higher rates paid on interest-bearing deposits and a decline in interest income on SBA-PPP loans. 
 Net interest margin NIM for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.14 , an increase of 48 bps compared to 2.66 in 2021. The increase in NIM was primarily due to the increase in yield on interest-earning assets, partially offset by an increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 645 million, compared to a benefit of 37 million in 2021. The provision for credit losses in 2022 included a provision of 513 million for non-purchased credit deteriorated Non-PCD loans, leases and unfunded commitments acquired in the CIT Merger (the Day 2 provision for credit losses ). The 2022 provision for credit losses reflects the CIT Merger, loan growth, and deterioration in the economic outlook, partially offset by a change in portfolio mix. The net charge-off ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.12 , compared to 0.03 for 2021. 
 Noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.14 billion, an increase of 1.63 billion compared to 508 million for 2021. The year ended December 31, 2022 includes a gain on acquisition of 431 million. The remaining increase was primarily due to the added activity from the CIT Merger, including rental income on operating lease equipment of 864 million. 
 Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.08 billion, an increase of 1.84 billion compared to 1.23 billion for 2021. The increase was primarily associated with the CIT Merger, including higher salaries and benefits of 637 million primarily due to the increase in employees, 534 million of depreciation and maintenance costs associated with operating lease equipment and an increase in merger-related expenses of 202 million. 
 Select significant items for the year ended December 31, 2022 follow: 
 Day 2 provision for credit losses of 513 million; 
 Gain on acquisition of 431 million in noninterest income, representing the excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the purchase price; 
 Merger-related expenses of 231 million in noninterest expense; 
 A reduction of 27 million in other noninterest expense related to the termination of certain post retirement plans assumed in the CIT Merger; and 
 Income tax expense of 55 million related to the strategic decision to exit 1.25 billion of BOLI policies as discussed further below in the Fourth Quarter Analysis section of this MD A. 
 Balance Sheet Highlights 
 Total loans and leases at December 31, 2022 were 70.78 billion, an increase of 38.41 billion from December 31, 2021, primarily reflecting the addition of 32.71 billion from the CIT Merger. In addition, during 2022 we continued to see growth in our branch network, as well as growth in our Commercial Banking segment from a number of our industry verticals, such as healthcare and technology, equipment financing, and growth in both commercial and consumer mortgage loans. 
 Total deposits at December 31, 2022 were 89.41 billion, an increase of 38.00 billion from December 31, 2021, reflecting the addition of 39.43 billion from the CIT Merger. Total deposits declined during the second and third quarters of 2022, reflecting the most rate sensitive customers moving funds in response to increases in the target federal funds rate. This decline in total deposits was primarily concentrated in branches acquired in the CIT Merger and the Commercial Banking segment. Deposits increased during the fourth quarter of 2022, primarily related to the Direct Bank, and the Corporate segment which includes brokered deposits. In the fourth quarter of 2022, increases in savings and time deposit accounts offset declines in noninterest-bearing demand accounts and money market accounts. 
 At December 31, 2022, BancShares remained well-capitalized with a total risk-based capital ratio of 13.18 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 11.06 , a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.08 and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 8.99 . 
 
 42 

Recent Economic and Industry Developments 
 
 Throughout 2022, the FOMC significantly raised its target for the federal funds rate in an effort to combat rising inflation. The FOMC raised interest rates at its respective meetings during 2022, as follows: 
 
 Table 2 
 FOMC 2022 Interest Rate Increases 
 Month 25 basis point increase 50 basis point increase 75 basis point increase March X May, December X June, July, September, November X 
 
 With the latest increase of 25 basis points at the January 2023 meeting, the FOMC raised their benchmark federal funds rate to a range between 4.50 - 4.75 and signaled possible further increases in 2023. The FOMC s effort to control inflation has increased concerns over the possibility of a recession within the next twelve months. In addition, geopolitical events, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related events, are likely to create additional upward pressure on inflation and weigh on economic activity. The timing and impact of inflation, continued volatility in the stock market, rising interest rates and possible recession will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

NET INTEREST INCOME AND NET INTEREST MARGIN 
 
 NII is the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. NII is affected by changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The following table presents the average balances, yields on interest-earning assets, rates on interest-bearing liabilities, and year-over-year changes in NII due to changes in: (i) volume (average balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities) and (ii) yields or rates. 
 The change in NII due to volume is calculated as the change in average balance multiplied by the yield or rate from the prior year. 
 The change in NII due to yield or rate is calculated as the change in yield or rate multiplied by the average balance from the prior year. 
 The change in NII due to rate/volume change (i.e. portfolio mix) is calculated as the change in rate multiplied by the change in volume. This component is allocated between the changes in NII due to volume and yield or rate based on the ratio each component bears to the absolute value of their total. 
 Tax equivalent net interest income was not materially different from NII, therefore we present NII in our analysis. 
 43 

Table 3 
 Average Balances and Rates 
 dollars in millions Year ended December 31 2022 2021 Change in NII Due to: Average Balance Income / Expense Yield / Rate Average Balance Income / Expense Yield / Rate Volume (1) 
 Yield /Rate (1) 
 Total Change Loans and leases (1)(2) 
 66,634 2,953 4.41 32,860 1,295 3.91 1,479 179 1,658 Total investment securities 19,166 354 1.85 10,611 145 1.37 145 64 209 Interest-earning deposits at banks 7,726 106 1.38 8,349 11 0.13 (1) 96 95 Total interest-earning assets (2) 
 93,526 3,413 3.63 51,820 1,451 2.78 1,623 339 1,962 Operating lease equipment, net 7,982 Cash and due from banks 512 350 Allowance for credit losses (875) (202) All other noninterest-earning assets 7,788 3,015 Total assets 108,933 54,983 Interest-bearing deposits: Checking with interest 16,323 29 0.15 11,258 6 0.05 3 20 23 Money market 23,949 125 0.52 9,708 10 0.10 29 86 115 Savings 14,193 117 0.82 3,847 1 0.03 12 104 116 Time deposits 9,133 64 0.70 2,647 16 0.63 46 2 48 Total interest-bearing deposits 63,598 335 0.53 27,460 33 0.12 90 212 302 Borrowings: Securities sold under customer repurchase agreements 590 1 0.19 660 1 0.20 Short-term FHLB borrowings 824 28 3.30 28 28 Short-term borrowings 1,414 29 2.00 660 1 0.20 28 28 Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 1,414 43 2.96 648 8 1.28 17 18 35 Senior unsecured borrowings 1,348 25 1.87 25 25 Subordinated debt 1,056 33 3.15 498 15 3.35 19 (1) 18 Other borrowings 64 2 3.22 80 4 1.23 (3) 1 (2) Long-term borrowings 3,882 103 2.64 1,226 27 2.12 58 18 76 Total borrowings 5,296 132 2.47 1,886 28 1.45 86 18 104 Total interest-bearing liabilities 68,894 467 0.68 29,346 61 0.21 176 230 406 Noninterest-bearing deposits 26,318 20,798 Credit balances of factoring clients 1,153 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 2,292 378 Stockholders' equity 10,276 4,461 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 108,933 54,983 Interest rate spread (2) 
 2.95 2.57 Net interest income and net yield on interest-earning assets (2) 
 2,946 3.14 1,390 2.66 (1) Loans and leases include Non-PCD and PCD loans, nonaccrual loans and held for sale. Interest income on loans and leases includes accretion income and loan fees. 
 (2) The balance and rate presented is calculated net of average credit balances of factoring clients. 
 44 

dollars in millions Year ended December 31 2021 2020 Change in NII Due to: Average Balance Income / Expense Yield / Rate Average Balance Income / Expense Yield / Rate Volume (1) 
 Yield /Rate (1) 
 Total Change Loans and leases (1)(2) 
 32,860 1,295 3.91 31,605 1,333 4.18 52 (90) (38) Total investment securities 10,611 145 1.37 9,055 144 1.60 23 (22) 1 Interest-earning deposits at banks 8,349 11 0.13 2,691 7 0.25 9 (5) 4 Total interest-earning assets (2) 
 51,820 1,451 2.78 43,351 1,484 3.40 84 (117) (33) Operating lease equipment, net Cash and due from banks 350 345 Allowance for credit losses (202) (211) All other noninterest-earning assets 3,015 2,536 Total assets 54,983 46,021 Interest-bearing deposits: Checking with interest 11,258 6 0.05 8,923 6 0.07 2 (2) Money market 9,708 10 0.10 7,821 23 0.29 4 (17) (13) Savings 3,847 1 0.03 2,937 1 0.04 Time deposits 2,647 16 0.63 3,344 37 1.11 (7) (14) (21) Total interest-bearing deposits 27,460 33 0.12 23,025 67 0.29 (1) (33) (34) Borrowings: Securities sold under customer repurchase agreements 660 1 0.20 632 1 0.25 Short-term FHLB borrowings 50 1 2.03 (1) (1) Short-term borrowings 660 1 0.20 682 2 0.38 (1) (1) Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 648 8 1.28 642 9 1.34 (1) (1) Senior unsecured borrowings Subordinated debt 498 15 3.35 446 16 3.60 (1) (1) Other borrowings 80 4 1.23 99 2 1.75 3 (1) 2 Long-term borrowings 1,226 27 2.12 1,187 27 2.22 2 (2) Total borrowings 1,886 28 1.45 1,869 29 1.55 1 (2) (1) Total interest-bearing liabilities 29,346 61 0.21 24,894 96 0.38 (35) (35) Noninterest-bearing deposits 20,798 16,721 Credit balances of factoring clients Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 378 452 Stockholders' equity 4,461 3,954 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 54,983 46,021 Interest rate spread (2) 
 2.57 3.02 Net interest income and net yield on interest-earning assets (2) 
 1,390 2.66 1,388 3.17 
 (1), (2) See footnotes to previous table. 
 
 Year to Date 2022 compared to 2021 
 NII for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.95 billion, an increase of 1.56 billion, or 112 compared to 2021. This increase was primarily due to the CIT Merger, loan growth and higher yields on interest-earning assets, partially offset by higher rates paid on interest-bearing deposits and a decline in interest income on SBA-PPP loans. 
 Interest income earned on loans and leases for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.95 billion, an increase of 1.66 billion compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to the addition of 32.71 billion of loans and leases acquired in the CIT Merger, loan growth throughout the year as discussed further in the Balance Sheet section of this MD A, and a higher yield, reflective of the higher rate environment. 
 Interest income earned on investment securities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 354 million, an increase of 209 million compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to the addition of 6.56 billion of investment securities acquired in the CIT Merger and a higher yield, reflective of the higher rate environment. 
 Interest income earned on interest-earning deposits at banks for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 106 million, an increase of 95 million compared to 2021, primarily reflecting higher interest rates. 
 45 

Interest expense on interest-bearing deposits for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 335 million, an increase of 302 million compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to the additional interest-bearing deposits assumed in the CIT Merger, which carried a higher average rate than legacy FCB deposits, the rising interest rate environment, and the need to offer competitive rates to maintain deposit levels. 
 Interest expense on borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 132 million, an increase of 104 million compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher interest rates, additional FHLB borrowings, and the assumed borrowings in the CIT Merger. During the first quarter of 2022, we redeemed approximately 2.90 billion of the 4.54 billion debt assumed in the CIT Merger. 
 NIM for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.14 , an increase of 48 bps from 2021, primarily due to the increase in yield on interest-earning assets, partially offset by an increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Average interest-earning assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 93.53 billion, compared to 51.82 billion in 2021. The change was primarily due to the interest-earning assets of 42.34 billion acquired in the CIT Merger and the loan growth during the year. 
 Average interest-bearing liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 68.89 billion. This was an increase from 29.35 billion in 2021, primarily due to the addition of deposits and borrowings from the CIT Merger. In addition, we increased FHLB borrowings during 2022 to supplement funding due to the decrease in deposits during the second and third quarters. With the growth in deposits in the fourth quarter, we were able to rebalance our funding mix of deposits and borrowings and reduced our FHLB borrowings. The rate paid on average interest-bearing liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.68 . This 47 bps increase was primarily due to the impact of the higher rate environment on both deposits and borrowings, and the higher costs of deposits and borrowings assumed in the CIT Merger. 
 
 The following table includes average interest earning assets by category. 
 
 Table 4 
 Average Interest-earning Asset Mix 
 of Total Interest-earning Assets Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Loans and leases 71 63 73 Investment securities 21 21 21 Interest-earning deposits at banks 8 16 6 Total interest-earning assets 100 100 100 
 
 The following table shows our average funding mix. 
 
 Table 5 
 Average Interest-bearing Liability Mix of Total Interest-bearing Liabilities Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Total interest-bearing deposits 92 94 92 Short-term borrowings 2 2 3 Long-term borrowings 6 4 5 Total interest-bearing liabilities 100 100 100 

PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 
 The provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 645 million, which included 551 million for loans and leases and 94 million for unfunded commitments, compared to a benefit of 37 million in 2021. The increase in 2022 was primarily due to the Day 2 provision for credit losses of 513 million, which was composed of a provision for loans and leases of 454 million (the Day 2 provision for loans and leases and a provision for unfunded commitments of 59 million (the Day 2 provision for unfunded commitments ), related to the CIT Merger. Loan growth during 2022 and deterioration in the economic outlook also contributed to the increase as further discussed in the Credit Risk Management - ACL section of this MD A. The ACL is further discussed in the Critical Accounting Estimates and Credit Risk Management - ACL sections of this MD A and in Note 5 Allowance for Credit Losses. 

46 

NONINTEREST INCOME 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 Noninterest income is an essential component of our total revenue. The primary sources of noninterest income consist of rental income on operating leases, fee income and other service charges, wealth management services, fees and service charges generated from deposit accounts, cardholder and merchant services, factoring commissions and mortgage lending and servicing. 
 
 Table 6 
 Noninterest Income 
 dollars in millions Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Rental income on operating lease equipment 864 Other noninterest income: Fee income and other service charges 163 42 37 Wealth management services 142 129 103 Service charges on deposit accounts 100 95 88 Factoring commissions 104 Cardholder services, net 102 87 74 Merchant services, net 35 33 24 Insurance commissions 47 16 15 Realized gain on sale of investment securities available for sale, net 33 60 Fair value adjustment on marketable equity securities, net (3) 34 29 Bank-owned life insurance 32 3 3 Gain on sale of leasing equipment, net 15 Gain on acquisition 431 Gain on extinguishment of debt 7 Other noninterest income 97 36 44 Total other noninterest income 1,272 508 477 Total noninterest income 2,136 508 477 
 
 Rental Income on Operating Leases 
 Rental income from equipment we lease for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 864 million. Rental income is a new revenue source for BancShares in 2022 due to the CIT Merger. Rental income is generated primarily in the Rail segment and, to a lesser extent, in the Commercial Banking segment. Revenue is generally dictated by the size of the portfolio, utilization of the railcars, re-pricing of equipment renewed upon lease maturities and pricing on new leases. Re-pricing refers to the rental rate in the renewed equipment contract compared to the prior contract. Refer to the Rail discussion in the Results by Business Segment section of this MD A for further details. 

47 

Other Noninterest Income 
 Other noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.27 billion, compared to 508 million in 2021. The 431 million gain on acquisition related to the CIT Merger was a significant component of the increase as further discussed in Note 2 Business Combinations. The remaining increase was primarily due to the additional activity related to the CIT Merger, both complimentary to existing BancShares services and products, as well as expanding offerings with new items such as factoring services. 
 
 The comparison for the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021 reflects increases and decreases among various noninterest income accounts. The more significant variances are explained below. 
 Fee income and other service charges, consisting of items such as capital market-related fees, fees for lines and letters of credit, and servicing fees, increased by 121 million, primarily reflecting the added CIT activity. 
 Wealth management services increased by 13 million, primarily due to increases in advisory and transactions fees and assets under management. 
 Service charges on deposit accounts increased by 5 million. While the volume of transactions was higher compared to 2021, the modest increase in service charges on deposit accounts was reflective of our eliminating NSF fees and lowering overdraft fees on consumer accounts beginning mid-year 2022. 
 Factoring commissions totaled 104 million during 2022 on factoring volume of 26.13 billion. 
 Cardholder services increased by 15 million and merchant services increased by 2 million, primarily due to increases in the volume of transactions processed. 
 Insurance commissions increased by 31 million, reflecting activity related to the CIT Merger. 
 Realized gains on sale of investment securities decreased by 33 million. 
 The fair market value adjustment on marketable equity securities resulted in a 37 million decline in noninterest income, reflecting lower stock prices on equity securities. 
 BOLI income increased by 29 million due to the added policies with the CIT Merger. However, management decided in late 2022 to surrender 1.25 billion of BOLI policies early, and redeploy that cash into higher earning assets. Therefore, BOLI income going forward will be lower than the 2022 level. A portion of the proceeds were collected in December, with the remainder expected to be received throughout 2023. Income tax expense of 55 million was recognized related to the early surrender of the BOLI policies. See Note 21 Income Taxes and Note 10 Other Assets. 
 Gain on sale of leasing equipment totaled 15 million during 2022, primarily related to equipment sold in the Commercial Banking segment. 
 The gain on extinguishment of debt primarily related to the redemption of approximately 2.90 billion of borrowings assumed in the CIT Merger, resulting in a 7 million gain. 
 Other noninterest income consisted of items such as gain on sales of other assets including OREO, fixed assets and loans and non-marketable securities. The year ended December 31, 2022 included: 18 million of property tax income, net gain of 15 million related derivatives and foreign currency exchange, 14 million gain on sale of OREO property, 6 million gain on sale of a corporate aircraft acquired in the CIT Merger, and 5 million settlement gain related to returned leasing equipment. 

NONINTEREST EXPENSE 
 
 Table 7 
 Noninterest Expense 
 dollars in millions Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Depreciation on operating lease equipment 345 Maintenance and other operating lease expenses 189 Operating expenses: Salaries and benefits 1,396 759 722 Net occupancy expense 194 117 117 Equipment expense 216 119 116 Professional fees 57 20 17 Third-party processing fees 103 60 45 FDIC insurance expense 31 14 13 Marketing expense 53 10 10 Merger-related expenses 231 29 17 Intangible asset amortization 23 12 15 Other noninterest expense 237 94 117 Total operating expenses 2,541 1,234 1,189 Total noninterest expense 3,075 1,234 1,189 
 48 

Depreciation on Operating Lease Equipment 
 Depreciation expense on operating lease equipment is primarily related to rail equipment and small and large ticket equipment we own and lease to others. Periodically, depreciation expense could include adjustments to residual values. Operating lease activity is in the Rail and Commercial Banking segments. The useful lives of rail equipment is generally longer in duration, 40-50 years, whereas small and large ticket equipment is generally 3-10 years. Refer to the Rail discussion in the section entitled Results by Business Segments of this MD A for further details. 
 
 Maintenance and Other Operating Lease Expenses 
 Our Rail segment provides railcars primarily pursuant to full-service lease contracts under which Rail as lessor is responsible for railcar maintenance and repair. Maintenance and other operating lease expenses is recorded when incurred and totaled 189 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Maintenance and other operating lease expenses relate to equipment ownership and leasing costs associated with the Rail portfolio and tend to be variable. Maintenance and other operating lease expenses includes repair costs for railcars put back on lease and storage costs for cars coming off lease. Refer to the Rail discussion in the section entitled Results by Business Segments of this MD A for further details. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 The primary components of operating expenses are salaries and related employee benefits, occupancy, and equipment expense. Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 2.54 billion, an increase of 1.31 billion compared to 1.23 billion in 2021. The increase was primarily related to the CIT Merger due to factors such as higher employee headcount, higher merger-related expenses, more branches and office space, and additional technology systems as further described below. 
 Salaries and benefits increased by 637 million, primarily reflecting higher salary expense due to the CIT Merger, as well as new hires, promotions and other salary adjustments, higher costs for temporary workers, and higher revenue-based incentive compensation, partially offset by lower employee benefit costs. The staff additions were the result of building out teams to support our move to large bank compliance, as well as to backfill vacancies. 
 Net occupancy expense increased 77 million, reflecting added branches and office space from the CIT Merger. Net occupancy expense includes rent expense on leased office space and depreciation on buildings we own. 
 Equipment expense increased 97 million, primarily reflecting the additional costs for the IT systems from the CIT Merger. 
 Professional fees increased 37 million, primarily reflecting higher levels of accounting, consulting and legal costs associated with being a larger company. 
 Third-party processing fees increased 43 million, primarily as a result of the CIT Merger and our continued investments in digital and technology to support revenue-generating businesses and improve internal processes. 
 FDIC insurance expense increased 17 million, reflecting the additional deposits acquired in the CIT Merger. 
 Marketing expense increased by 43 million, which includes marketing efforts related to the Direct Bank. 
 Merger-related expenses increased by 202 million, and includes severance, retention, consulting and legal costs. 
 Intangible amortization increased 11 million, as a result of additional amortization on core deposit intangibles related to the CIT Merger. See Note 2 Business Combinations for additional information. 
 Other noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 237 million, an increase of 143 million. The increase was primarily related to the impacts of the CIT Merger. Other expenses included costs related to insurance and other taxes (e.g. property tax), telecommunications, travel, consulting, foreclosure, collections, and appraisals. Some of the larger expense categories for the year ended December 31, 2022 included: insurance and taxes of 40 million, telecommunication expenses of 23 million, property tax expenses of 20 million and travel expenses of 17 million. 

INCOME TAXES 
 
 Table 8 
 Income Tax Data 
 dollars in millions Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Income before income taxes 1,362 701 618 Income taxes 264 154 126 Effective tax rate 19.4 22.0 20.4 
 49 

BancShares global effective tax rate ETR was 19.4 , 22.0 and 20.4 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in the income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the non-taxable nature of the bargain purchase gain from the CIT Merger, partially offset by the surrender of certain BOLI policies. In the fourth quarter, BancShares made a strategic decision to exit 1.25 billion of BOLI policies. The surrender of the policies resulted in a total tax charge of 55 million. 
 
 The ETR is impacted by a number of factors, including the relative mix of domestic and international earnings, effects of changes in enacted tax laws, adjustments to valuation allowances, and discrete items. The ETR in future periods may vary from the actual 2022 ETR due to changes in these factors. 
 
 BancShares monitors and evaluates the potential impact of current events on the estimates used to establish income tax expense and income tax liabilities. On a periodic basis, we evaluate our income tax positions based on current tax law, positions taken by various tax auditors within the jurisdictions where BancShares is required to file income tax returns, as well as potential or pending audits or assessments by tax auditors. 
 
 BancShares has determined that the Inflation Reduction Act signed into law on August 16, 2022 effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022 is not expected to have a material impact on BancShares Consolidated Balance Sheets, Statements of Income, and Statements of Changes of Cash Flows. 
 
 See Note 21 Income Taxes for additional information. 

RESULTS BY BUSINESS SEGMENT 
 
 Prior to the CIT Merger, BancShares operated with centralized management and combined reporting and, therefore, BancShares operated as one consolidated reportable segment. BancShares began reporting multiple segments during the first quarter of 2022 and now reports General Banking, Commercial Banking, Rail, and Corporate segments. We conformed the comparative prior periods presented to reflect the new segments. The substantial majority of BancShares operations for historical periods prior to completion of the CIT Merger are included in the General Banking segment. The Commercial Banking and Rail segments primarily relate to operations acquired in the CIT Merger. 
 
 For detailed descriptions of each of the segment s products and services, refer to Item 1. Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 23 Business Segments. Results in our segments reflect our funds transfer policy and allocation of expenses. Items not allocated to any of the three operating segments and, when applicable, certain select items, are reflected in the Corporate segment. 

50 

General Banking 
 The General Banking segment delivers products and services to consumers and businesses through our extensive network of branches and various digital channels. We offer a full suite of deposit products, loans, cash management, wealth, payments and various other fee-based services. 
 
 Table 9 
 General Banking: Financial Data and Metrics 
 dollars in millions Year ended December 31 Earnings Summary 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income 1,942 1,447 1,391 Provision (benefit) for credit losses 11 (37) 58 Net interest income after provision (benefit) for credit losses 1,931 1,484 1,333 Noninterest income 472 433 379 Noninterest expense 1,570 1,179 1,146 Income before income taxes 833 738 566 Income tax expense 204 162 116 Net income 629 576 450 Select Period End Balances Loans and leases 42,930 31,820 32,235 Deposits 84,361 51,344 43,391 
 
 Results for 2022 include additional activity from the CIT Merger. 
 
 The increase in net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to higher NII and noninterest income, partially offset by higher provision for credit losses and noninterest expense. NII increased due to the added earning assets from the CIT Merger, as well as solid loan growth during the year. The increase in the provision for credit losses reflects the higher loans and leases, due to the CIT Merger and growth, as well as moderate deterioration in the macroeconomic forecasts. Noninterest expense increased reflecting the CIT Merger, and items discussed in the consolidated section entitled Noninterest Expenses of this MD A. 
 
 The increase in loans and leases at December 31, 2022 reflected the additional residential mortgages and consumer loans acquired in the CIT Merger, partially offset by run-off of SBA-PPP loans. Subsequent to the CIT Merger, loans and leases increased, reflecting strong demand through our branch network. Growth was primarily concentrated in commercial and business loans. Our consumer mortgage loans grew modestly, reflecting lower prepayments and originating loans (primarily adjustable rate mortgage products) that were held on-balance sheet. 
 
 Deposits include deposits from the branch, Direct Bank, and CAB channels. The additional branches acquired in the CIT Merger were mostly in California. The increase in deposits at December 31, 2022 was reflective of deposits acquired in the CIT Merger. Subsequent to the CIT Merger, deposits declined during the second and third quarters, reflecting lower money market accounts, partially offset by an increase in savings accounts. Deposits grew in the fourth quarter of 2022, primarily due to growth in savings accounts and time deposits, partially offset by a decline in noninterest checking. 
 
 For further information, refer to the discussions in the Net Interest Income, Net Interest Margin and Balance Sheet Analysis Interest-Bearing Liabilities Deposits sections of this MD A. 

51 

Commercial Banking 
 The Commercial Banking segment provides a range of lending, leasing, capital markets, asset management and other financial and advisory services primarily to small and middle market companies in a wide range of industries. 
 
 Table 10 
 Commercial Banking: Financial Data and Metrics 
 dollars in millions Year ended December 31 Earnings Summary 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income 889 17 15 Provision for credit losses 121 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 768 17 15 Noninterest income 521 Noninterest expense 746 3 3 Income before income taxes 543 14 12 Income tax expense 128 3 2 Net income 415 11 10 Select Period End Balances Loans and leases 27,773 552 554 Deposits 3,225 62 40 
 
 Results for 2022 primarily reflected activity from the legacy CIT commercial businesses. 
 
 The increase in net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to higher NII and noninterest income, partially offset by higher provision for credit losses and noninterest expense. The provision for credit losses reflects moderate deterioration in the macroeconomic forecasts and loan portfolio growth. Net interest income increased due to the added earning assets from the CIT Merger, as well as solid loan growth during the year. Noninterest income included rental income on operating lease equipment acquired in the CIT Merger of 212 million. Noninterest expense included operating expenses, and depreciation on operating lease equipment of 169 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 included items discussed previously in the Noninterest Expense section of this MD A. 
 
 The increases in loans and leases and deposits at December 31, 2022 were primarily due to those acquired in the CIT Merger. Subsequent to the CIT Merger, loans and leases increased, reflecting growth related to equipment finance, as well as from a number of our industry verticals, such as healthcare and technology. This segment also includes our factoring business acquired in the CIT Merger. 
 
 For further information, refer to the discussions in the Net Interest Income, Net Interest Margin and Balance Sheet Analysis Interest-Bearing Liabilities Deposits sections of this MD A. 

52 

Rail 
 Our Rail segment offers customized leasing and financing solutions on a fleet of railcars and locomotives to railroads and shippers throughout North America. Railcar types include covered hopper cars used to ship grain and agricultural products, plastic pellets, sand, and cement; tank cars for energy products and chemicals; gondolas for coal, steel coil and mill service products; open hopper cars for coal and aggregates; boxcars for paper and auto parts, and center beams and flat cars for lumber. Revenues are primarily generated from rental income on operating leases. 
 
 Table 11 
 Rail: Financial Data and Metrics 
 dollars in millions Year ended December 31 Earnings Summary 2022 2021 2020 Rental income on operating lease equipment 652 Depreciation on operating lease equipment 176 Maintenance and other operating lease expenses 189 Adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment (1) 
 287 Interest expense, net 80 Noninterest income 5 Operating expenses 63 Income before income taxes 149 Income tax expense 37 Net income 112 Select Period End Balances Operating lease equipment, net 7,433 (1) Adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment is a non-GAAP measure. See the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this MD A for a reconciliation from the GAAP measure (segment net income) to the non-GAAP measure (adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment). 
 
 Net income and adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment are utilized to measure the profitability of our Rail segment. Adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment reflects rental income on operating lease equipment less depreciation, maintenance and other operating lease expenses. Maintenance and other operating lease expenses relate to equipment ownership and leasing costs associated with the Rail portfolio and tend to be variable. Due to the nature of our portfolio, which is essentially all operating lease equipment, certain financial measures commonly used by banks, such as NII, are not as meaningful for this segment. NII is not used because it includes the impact of debt costs funding our operating lease assets but excludes the associated net rental income. 
 
 Net income and adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 112 million and 287 million, respectively. Railcar depreciation is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated service life of the asset. Maintenance and other operating lease expenses reflect costs for railcars put back on lease. Other noninterest income included a 5 million settlement gain related to returned lease equipment. 
 
 Our fleet is diverse and the average re-pricing of equipment upon lease maturities was 130 of the average prior or expiring lease rate during the fourth quarter. Our railcar utilization, including commitments to lease, at December 31, 2022 was 97.7 . 
 
 53 

Portfolio 
 Rail customers include all of the U.S. and Canadian Class I railroads (i.e., railroads with annual revenues of approximately 500 million and greater), other railroads, as well as manufacturers and commodity shippers. Our total operating lease fleet at December 31, 2022 consisted of approximately 119,200 railcars, up slightly from approximately 118,700 railcars acquired in the CIT Merger. The following table reflects the proportion of railcars by type based on units and net investment, respectively: 
 
 Table 12 
 Operating lease Railcar Portfolio by Type (units and net investment) 
 December 31, 2022 Railcar Type Total Owned Fleet - Total Units Total Owned Fleet - Total Net Investment Covered Hoppers 43 41 Tank Cars 29 40 Mill/Coil Gondolas 8 6 Coal 8 1 Boxcars 6 6 Other 6 6 Total 100 100 
 
 Table 13 
 Rail Operating Lease Equipment by Obligor Industry 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 Manufacturing 3,016 41 Rail 1,981 27 Wholesale 1,101 15 Oil and gas extraction / services 552 7 Energy and utilities 242 3 Other 541 7 Total 7,433 100 

Corporate 
 Certain items that are not allocated to operating segments are included in the Corporate segment. For descriptions of items not allocated, see Item 1 Business, and Note 23 Business Segments. 
 
 Table 14 
 Corporate: Financial Data and Metrics 
 dollars in millions Year ended December 31 Earnings Summary 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income (expense) 195 (74) (18) Provision for credit losses 513 Net interest income (expense) after provision for credit losses (318) (74) (18) Noninterest income 486 75 98 Noninterest expense 331 52 40 Income (loss) before income taxes (163) (51) 40 Income tax expense (benefit) (105) (11) 8 Net income (loss) (58) (40) 32 
 
 Results for the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily due to impacts from the CIT Merger, as well as net benefit from rising rates on NII. Merger-related items included the Day 2 provision for credit losses of 513 million, a gain on acquisition of 431 million in noninterest income, 231 million of merger-related expenses, a reduction of 27 million in other noninterest expense related to the termination of certain post retirement plans assumed in the CIT Merger, and income tax expense of 55 million related to the strategic decision to surrender 1.25 billion of BOLI policies. The income tax rate also reflects the impact of the non-taxable gain on acquisition. 

54 

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
 
 INTEREST-EARNING ASSETS 
 Interest-earning assets include interest-earning deposits at banks, investment securities, assets held for sale and loans and leases, all of which reflect varying interest rates based on the risk level and repricing characteristics of the underlying asset. Higher risk investments typically carry a higher interest rate, but expose us to higher levels of market and/or credit risk. We strive to maintain a high level of interest-earning assets relative to total assets, while keeping non-earning assets at a minimum. 

Interest-earning Deposits at Banks 
 Interest-earning deposits at banks at December 31, 2022 totaled 5.03 billion. This was a decrease from 9.12 billion at December 31, 2021. The decline related to loan growth, the decline in total deposits, and 1.24 billion used for share repurchases. While the CIT Merger added approximately 2.87 billion of interest-earning deposits at banks as of the Merger Date, that amount was offset by the use of cash for the redemption in February of approximately 2.90 billion of debt assumed in the CIT Merger. 

Investment Securities 
 The primary objective of the investment portfolio is to generate incremental income by deploying excess funds into securities that have minimal liquidity risk and low to moderate interest rate risk and credit risk. Other objectives include acting as a stable source of liquidity, serving as a tool for asset and liability management and maintaining an interest rate risk profile compatible with BancShares objectives. Additionally, purchases of equities and corporate bonds in other financial institutions have been made under a long-term earnings optimization strategy. Changes in the total balance of our investment securities portfolio result from trends in balance sheet funding and market performance. Generally, when inflows arising from deposit and treasury services products exceed loan and lease demand, we invest excess funds into the securities portfolio or into interest-earning deposits at banks. Conversely, when loan demand exceeds growth in deposits and short-term borrowings, we allow interest-earning deposits at banks to decline and use proceeds from maturing securities and prepayments to fund loan growth. See Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation and Note 3 Investment Securities for additional disclosures regarding investment securities. 
 
 The carrying value of investment securities at December 31, 2022 totaled 19.37 billion. The increase from 13.11 billion at December 31, 2021 primarily reflected the CIT Merger, which added 6.56 billion. The remaining activity during 2022 included purchases of 2.74 billion, maturities and paydowns of 2.07 billion, and other non-cash items, such as fair value changes and amortization. 
 
 BancShares portfolio of investment securities available for sale consists of mortgage-backed securities issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, U.S. Treasury notes, unsecured bonds issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities and corporate bonds. Investment securities available for sale are reported at fair value and unrealized gains and losses are included as a component of AOCI, net of deferred taxes. As of December 31, 2022, investment securities available for sale had a net pre-tax unrealized loss of 972 million, compared to a net pre-tax unrealized loss of 12 million as of December 31, 2021. The fair value of investment securities is impacted by interest rates, credit spreads, market volatility and liquidity conditions. The fair value of the investment securities portfolio generally decreases when interest rates increase or when credit spreads widen. Management evaluated the investment securities available for sale in an unrealized loss position and concluded that the unrealized losses related to changes in interest rates relative to when the securities were purchased, and that no ACL for investment securities available for sale was needed at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 BancShares portfolio of investment securities held to maturity consists of similar mortgage-backed securities, U.S. Treasury Notes and government agency securities described above, as well as securities issued by the Supranational Entities and Multilateral Development Banks and FDIC guaranteed CDs with other financial institutions. Given the consistently strong credit rating of the U.S. Treasury, the Supranational Entities and Multilateral Development Banks and the long history of no credit losses on debt securities issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, BancShares management determined that no ACL was needed for investment securities held to maturity at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 55 

Table 15 presents the major categories of investment securities at December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 Table 15 
 Investment Securities 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Composition (1) 
 Amortized cost Fair 
 value 
 Composition (1) 
 Amortized cost Fair 
 value 
 Investment securities available for sale: U.S. Treasury 10.6 2,035 1,898 15.4 2,007 2,005 Government agency 0.9 164 162 1.7 221 221 Residential mortgage-backed securities 26.8 5,424 4,795 36.2 4,757 4,729 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 9.0 1,774 1,604 12.6 1,648 1,640 Corporate bonds 3.0 570 536 4.7 582 608 Total investment securities available for sale 50.3 9,967 8,995 70.6 9,215 9,203 Investment in marketable equity securities 0.5 75 95 0.7 73 98 Investment securities held to maturity: U.S. Treasury 2.4 474 424 Government agency 7.6 1,548 1,362 Residential mortgage-backed securities 21.7 4,605 3,882 17.7 2,322 2,306 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 16.1 3,355 2,871 11.0 1,485 1,451 Supranational securities 1.4 295 254 Other 2 2 2 2 Total investment securities held to maturity 49.2 10,279 8,795 28.7 3,809 3,759 Total investment securities 100.0 20,321 17,885 100.0 13,097 13,060 (1) Calculated as a percentage of the total fair value of investment securities. 

Table 16 presents the weighted average yields for investment securities available for sale and held to maturity at December 31, 2022, segregated by major category with ranges of contractual maturities. The weighted average yield on the portfolio is calculated using security-level annualized yields. 
 
 Table 16 
 Weighted Average Yield on Investment Securities 
 December 31, 2022 Within One Year One to Five Years Five to 10 Years After 10 Years Total Investment securities available for sale: U.S. Treasury 3.50 0.96 1.00 Government agency 3.86 3.62 3.42 3.80 3.45 Residential mortgage-backed securities 1.65 2.38 3.90 1.83 1.87 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 3.75 3.55 4.67 2.56 2.74 Corporate bonds 5.00 6.73 5.34 4.67 5.47 Total investment securities available for sale 3.72 1.43 4.74 2.00 2.08 Investment securities held to maturity: U.S. Treasury 1.37 1.57 1.38 Government agency 0.44 1.38 1.79 1.49 Residential mortgage-backed securities (1) 
 8.44 2.63 1.90 1.90 Commercial mortgage-backed securities (1) 
 2.13 2.65 2.65 Supranational securities 1.35 1.68 1.56 Other 0.34 0.20 0.32 Total investment securities held to maturity 0.44 1.37 1.76 2.21 2.05 
 (1) Residential mortgage-backed and commercial mortgage-backed securities, which are not due at a single maturity date, have been included in maturity groupings based on the contractual maturity at December 31, 2022. The expected life will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to prepay the underlying loans. 
 
 56 

Assets Held for Sale 
 Certain residential mortgage loans and commercial loans are originated with the intent to be sold to investors or lenders, respectively, and are recorded in assets held for sale at fair value. In addition, BancShares may change its strategy for certain loans initially held for investment and decide to sell them in the secondary market. At that time, portfolio loans are transferred to loans held for sale at fair value. 
 
 Assets held for sale at December 31, 2022 were 60 million, a decrease of 39 million compared to 99 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily related to the sale of residential mortgage loans held for sale during 2022, partially offset by the increase in commercial loans held for sale. 
 
 Table 17 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Commercial 48 Consumer 4 99 125 Loans and leases 52 99 125 Operating lease equipment 8 Total assets held for sale 60 99 125 

Loans and Leases 
 Loans and leases held for investment at December 31, 2022 were 70.78 billion, an increase of 38.41 billion from 32.37 billion at December 31, 2021, primarily reflecting the addition of 32.71 billion from the CIT Merger. In addition, during 2022 we continued to see loan growth in our branch network, as well as growth in our Commercial Banking segment related to equipment finance, as well as from a number of our industry verticals, such as healthcare and technology, and growth in both commercial mortgage loans and consumer mortgage loans. 
 
 Upon completion of the CIT Merger, we re-evaluated our loan classes to reflect the risk characteristics of the combined portfolio. BancShares reports its commercial loan portfolio in the following classes: commercial construction, owner occupied commercial mortgage, non-owner occupied commercial mortgage, commercial and industrial, and leases. The consumer portfolio includes residential mortgage, revolving mortgage, consumer auto and consumer other. Commercial loans at December 31, 2022 were 53.46 billion compared to 22.59 billion at December 31, 2021, representing 76 and 70 of total loans and leases, respectively. Consumer loans at December 31, 2022 were 17.33 billion, compared to 9.79 billion at December 31, 2021, representing 24 and 30 of total loans and leases, respectively. 
 
 Table 18 
 Loans and Leases 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Commercial: Commercial construction 2,804 1,238 1,095 Owner occupied commercial mortgage 14,473 12,099 11,313 Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage 9,902 3,041 3,067 Commercial and industrial 24,105 5,937 7,091 Leases 2,171 271 334 Total commercial 53,455 22,586 22,900 Consumer: Residential mortgage 13,309 6,088 5,996 Revolving mortgage 1,951 1,818 2,087 Consumer auto 1,414 1,332 1,256 Consumer other 652 548 553 Total consumer 17,326 9,786 9,892 Total loans and leases 70,781 32,372 32,792 Less allowance for credit losses 922 178 225 Net loans and leases 69,859 32,194 32,567 
 
 The unamortized discount related to acquired loans was 118 million and 40 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as further discussed in Note 4 Loans and Leases. 

57 

OPERATING LEASE EQUIPMENT, NET 
 
 As detailed in the following table, our operating lease portfolio is mostly comprised of rail assets. The operating lease portfolios were acquired in the CIT Merger. See the Rail segment discussion in the section entitled Results by Business Segment of this MD A for further details on the rail portfolio. 
 
 Table 19 
 Operating Lease Equipment 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 Railcars and locomotives (1) 
 7,433 Other equipment 723 Total (1) 
 8,156 
 (1) Includes off-lease rail equipment of 457 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES 
 
 Interest-bearing liabilities include interest-bearing deposits, securities sold under customer repurchase agreements, FHLB borrowings, subordinated debt, and other borrowings. Interest-bearing liabilities at December 31, 2022 totaled 71.13 billion, compared to 31.79 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase from December 31, 2021 was mostly due to deposits and borrowings from the CIT Merger and higher FHLB borrowings, partially offset by current year activity that included a decline in total deposits and the redemption of assumed debt during the first quarter. See Note 2 Business Combinations for details on deposits and borrowings associated with the CIT Merger. 

Deposits 
 Total deposits at December 31, 2022 were 89.41 billion, an increase of 38.00 billion compared to December 31, 2021, reflecting the addition of 39.43 billion from the CIT Merger. Total deposits declined during the second quarter and third quarters of 2022, reflecting the most rate sensitive customers moving funds in response to increases in the target federal funds rate. This decline in total deposits was primarily concentrated in branches acquired in the CIT Merger and the Commercial Banking segment. Deposits increased during the fourth quarter of 2022, primarily related to the Direct Bank and the Corporate segment which includes brokered deposits. In the fourth quarter of 2022, increases in savings and time deposit accounts offset declines in noninterest-bearing demand accounts and money market accounts. 
 
 Interest-bearing deposits totaled 64.49 billion and 30.00 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Noninterest-bearing deposits totaled 24.92 billion and 21.41 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The reduction in deposits since the CIT Merger were primarily concentrated in acquired higher cost channels. As part of the CIT Merger, we acquired the Digital Bank and an HOA deposit channel. 
 
 Table 20 
 Deposits 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Noninterest-bearing demand 24,922 21,405 18,014 Checking with interest 16,202 12,694 10,592 Money market 21,040 10,590 8,633 Savings 16,634 4,236 3,304 Time 10,610 2,481 2,889 Total deposits 89,408 51,406 43,432 
 
 We strive to maintain a strong liquidity position, and therefore a focus on deposit retention remains a key business objective. We believe traditional bank deposit products remain an attractive option for many customers. As economic conditions change, we recognize that our liquidity position could be adversely affected if bank deposits are withdrawn. Our ability to fund future loan growth is significantly dependent on our success in retaining existing deposits and generating new deposits at a reasonable cost. 
 
 Where information is not readily available to determine the amount of insured deposits, the amount of uninsured deposits is estimated, consistent with the methodologies and assumptions utilized in providing information to our regulators. We estimate total uninsured deposits were 29.13 billion and 22.95 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Table 21 provides the expected maturity of time deposits in excess of 250,000, the FDIC insurance limit, as of December 31, 2022. 
 58 

Table 21 
 Maturities of Time Deposits In Excess of 250,000 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 Time deposits maturing in: Three months or less 186 Over three months through six months 195 Over six months through 12 months 1,158 More than 12 months 619 Total 2,158 

Borrowings 
 Total borrowings at December 31, 2022 were 6.65 billion, compared to 1.78 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase from December 31, 2021 reflected 4.54 billion of debt assumed in the CIT Merger, partially offset by a debt redemption of approximately 2.90 billion in February of 2022. The increase also reflected higher FHLB borrowings, which replaced net declines in interest-bearing deposits in the second and third quarters of 2022, and helped fund loan growth. We made net repayments of FHLB borrowings in the fourth quarter of 2022 following an increase in deposits. FHLB borrowings were 4.25 billion at December 31, 2022, including 1.75 billion in short-term borrowings and 2.50 billion in long-term borrowings. Total FHLB borrowings increased 3.61 billion compared to 645 million at December 31, 2021. Refer to the Liquidity Risk section below for more information on FHLB borrowings. 
 
 Table 22 presents borrowings, net of the respective unamortized purchase accounting adjustments and issuance costs. 
 
 Table 22 
 Borrowings 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Securities sold under customer repurchase agreements 436 589 641 Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings (1) 
 Floating rate notes due through September 2025 4,250 Fixed rate notes due through March 2032 645 655 Senior Unsecured Borrowings 3.929 fixed-to-floating rate notes due June 2024 (2) 
 505 2.969 fixed-to-floating rate notes due September 2025 (2) 
 320 6.000 fixed rate notes due April 2036 (2) 
 59 Subordinated debt 6.125 fixed rate notes due March 2028 (2) 
 469 4.125 fixed-to-fixed rate notes due November 2029 (2) 
 102 3.375 fixed-to-floating rate notes due March 2030 348 347 347 Macon Capital Trust I - floating rate debenture due March 2034 14 14 14 SCB Capital Trust I - floating rate debenture due April 2034 10 10 10 FCB/SC Capital Trust II - floating rate debenture due June 2034 18 18 18 FCB/NC Capital Trust III - floating rate debenture due June 2036 88 88 88 Other subordinated debt 28 Total subordinated debt 1,049 477 505 Other borrowings 26 73 89 Total borrowings 6,645 1,784 1,890 
 (1) Includes 1.75 billion in short-term borrowings and 2.50 billion in long-term borrowings at December 31, 2022. All FHLB borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020 were in long-term borrowings. 
 (2) Denotes outstanding debt assumed in the CIT Merger. 
 
 See Note 13 Borrowings for further information on the various components. Also see Liquidity Risk later in this MD A. 

59 

RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 Risk is inherent in any business. BancShares has defined a moderate risk appetite, a balanced approach to risk taking, with a philosophy which does not preclude higher risk business activities commensurate with acceptable returns while meeting regulatory objectives. Through the comprehensive Risk Management Framework and Risk Appetite Framework and Statement, senior management has primary responsibility for day-to-day management of the risks we face with accountability of and support from all associates. Senior management applies various strategies to reduce the risks to which BancShares may be exposed, with effective challenge and oversight by management committees. Our Board strives to ensure that risk management is a part of our business culture and that our policies and procedures for identifying, assessing, monitoring, and managing risk are part of the decision-making process. The Board s role in risk oversight is an integral part of our overall Risk Management Framework and Risk Appetite Framework. The Board administers its risk oversight function primarily through its Risk Committee. 
 
 The Risk Committee structure is designed to allow for information flow, effective challenge and timely escalation of risk-related issues. The Risk Committee is directed to monitor and advise the full Board regarding risk exposures, including Credit, Market, Capital, Liquidity, Operational, Compliance, Asset, Strategic and Reputational risks; review, approve, and monitor adherence to the Risk Appetite Statement and supporting risk tolerance levels via a series of established metrics; and evaluate, monitor and oversee the adequacy and effectiveness of the Risk Management Framework and Risk Appetite Framework and Statement. The Risk Committee also reviews reports of examination by and communications from regulatory agencies, the results of internal and third party testing and qualitative and quantitative assessments related to risk management, and any other matters within the scope of the Risk Committee s oversight responsibilities. The Risk Committee monitors management s response to certain risk-related regulatory and audit issues. In addition, the Risk Committee may coordinate with the Audit Committee and the Compensation, Nominations and Governance Committee for the review of financial statements and related risks, compensation risk management and other areas of joint responsibility. 
 
 In combination with other risk management and monitoring practices, enterprise-wide stress testing activities are conducted within a defined framework. Stress tests are performed for various risks to ensure the financial institution can support continued operations during stressed periods. 
 
 BancShares monitors and stress tests its capital and liquidity consistent with the safety and soundness expectations of the federal regulators. Refer to the Regulatory Considerations section of Item 1. Business included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 
 BancShares returned to business as usual operations and lifted internal COVID-19 related restrictions in early April of 2022. Monitoring of associated credit and operational risks is integrated into normal risk monitoring activities. 
 
 BancShares has been assessing the emerging impacts of the international tensions that could impact the economy and exacerbate headwinds of rising inflation, elevated market volatility, global supply chain disruptions, and recessionary pressures as well as operational risks such as those associated with potential cyberattacks for FCB and third parties upon whom it relies. Assessments have not identified material impacts to date, but those assessments will remain ongoing as the condition continues to exist. BancShares is also assessing the potential risk of an economic slowdown or recession that could create increased credit and market risk having downstream impacts on earnings, capital, and/or liquidity. Economic data has been mixed and markets have experienced elevated levels of volatility in 2022. Key indicators will continue to be monitored and impacts assessed as part of our ongoing risk management framework. 

CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 Credit risk is the risk of not collecting payments pursuant to the contractual terms of loans, leases and certain investment securities. Loans and leases we originate are underwritten in accordance with our credit policies and procedures and are subject to periodic ongoing reviews. Acquired loans, regardless of whether PCD or Non-PCD, are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date and are subject to periodic reviews to identify any further credit deterioration. Our independent credit review function conducts risk reviews and analyses of both originated and acquired loans to ensure compliance with credit policies and to monitor asset quality trends and borrower financial strength. These reviews include portfolio analysis by geographic location, industry, collateral type and product. We strive to identify potential problem loans as early as possible, to record charge-offs or write-downs as appropriate and to maintain an appropriate ACL that accounts for expected losses over the life of the loan and lease portfolios. 
 
 60 

Our ACL estimate as of December 31, 2022, included extensive reviews of the changes in credit risk associated with the uncertainties around economic forecasts. These loss estimates additionally considered BancShares industry risk, historically strong credit quality and actual net losses incurred during prior periods of economic stress, as well as recent credit trends, which have not seen significant deterioration as of December 31, 2022. Our ACL methodology is discussed further in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. 
 
 Commercial Lending and Leasing 
 BancShares employs a dual ratings system where each commercial loan is assigned a probability of default PD and loss given default LGD rating using scorecards developed to rate each type of transaction incorporating assessments of both quantitative and qualitative factors. When commercial loans and leases are graded during underwriting, or when updated periodically thereafter, a model is run to generate a preliminary risk rating. These models incorporate both internal and external historical default and loss data to develop loss rates for each risk rating. The preliminary risk rating assigned by the model can be adjusted as a result of borrower specific facts and circumstances, that in management s judgment, warrant a modification of the modeled risk rating to arrive at the final approved risk ratings. 
 
 Consumer Lending 
 Consumer lending begins with an evaluation of a consumer borrower s credit profile against published standards. Credit decisions are made after analyzing quantitative and qualitative factors, including borrower s ability to repay the loan, collateral values, and considering the transaction from a judgmental perspective. 
 
 Consumer products use traditional and measurable standards to document and assess the creditworthiness of a loan applicant. Credit standards follow industry standard documentation requirements. Performance is largely evaluated based on an acceptable pay history along with a quarterly assessment which incorporates current market conditions. Loans may also be monitored during quarterly reviews of the borrower s refreshed credit score. When warranted, an additional review of the loan-to-value of the underlying collateral may be conducted. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The ACL at December 31, 2022 was 922 million, an increase of 744 million compared to 178 million at December 31, 2021. The ACL as a percentage of total loans and leases at December 31, 2022 was 1.30 , compared to 0.55 at December 31, 2021. The increase in the ACL is primarily due to the impact of the CIT Merger, including the initial ACL for PCD loans and leases (the Initial PCD ACL of 272 million and the Day 2 provision for loans and leases of 454 million related to Non-PCD loans and leases. The increase was also related to loan growth and deterioration in the economic outlook that impacts the macroeconomic variables utilized by our ACL models, including gross domestic product GDP ), home price index, commercial real estate index, corporate profits, and credit spreads. In contemplation of additional uncertainty, primarily based on the elevated levels of inflation and its impact on other macroeconomic variables such as interest rates, which could in turn impact home prices, commercial real estate values, and other variables, we do not believe the current baseline scenario fully incorporates the potential downside impacts of future macroeconomic deterioration, so an additional weighting on the downside scenario was incorporated into the estimate. Our ACL methodology is discussed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. 
 
 The ACL for commercial and consumer loans and leases increased 709 million and 35 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The main reasons for the increases are addressed in the paragraph above. 

61 

Table 23 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 dollars in millions Year Ended December 31, 2022 Commercial Consumer Total Balance at January 1, 2022 80 98 178 Initial PCD ACL (1) 
 258 14 272 Day 2 provision for loans and leases 432 22 454 Provision (benefit) for credit losses - loans and leases 101 (4) 97 Total provision for credit losses - loans and leases 533 18 551 Charge-offs (1) 
 (126) (20) (146) Recoveries 44 23 67 Balance at December 31, 2022 789 133 922 Net charge-off ratio 0.12 Net charge-offs (recoveries) 82 (3) 79 Average loans 67,730 Percent of loans in each category to total loans 76 24 100 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Commercial Consumer Total Balance at January 1, 2021 92 133 225 Benefit for credit losses - loans and leases (7) (30) (37) Charge-offs (18) (18) (36) Recoveries 13 13 26 Balance at December 31, 2021 80 98 178 Net charge-off ratio 0.03 Net charge-offs 5 5 10 Average loans 32,750 Percent of loans in each category to total loans 70 30 100 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Commercial Consumer Total Balance at December 31, 2019 150 75 225 Adoption of ASC 326 (84) 46 (38) Balance after adoption of ASC 326 66 121 187 Provision for credit losses - loans and leases 34 24 58 Initial balance on PCD loans 1 1 2 Charge-offs (20) (25) (45) Recoveries 11 12 23 Balance at December 31, 2020 92 133 225 Net charge-off ratio 0.07 Net charge-offs 9 13 22 Average loans 31,417 Percent of loans in each category to total loans 70 30 100 
 (1) The Initial PCD ACL related to the CIT Merger was 272 million, net of an additional 243 million for loans that CIT charged-off prior to the Merger Date (whether full or partial), which met BancShares charge-off policy at the Merger Date. 
 
 Net charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 79 million (net charge-off ratio of 0.12 and 10 million (net charge-off ratio of 0.03 ), respectively. The increase in net charge-offs in 2022 was primarily related to the Commercial Banking segment. 

62 

The following table presents trends in the ACL ratios. 
 
 Table 24 
 ACL Ratios 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Allowance for credit losses 922 178 225 Total loans and leases 70,781 32,372 32,792 Allowance for credit losses to total loans and leases: 1.30 0.55 0.68 Commercial loans and leases: Allowance for credit losses - commercial 789 80 92 Commercial loans and leases 53,455 22,586 22,900 Commercial allowance for credit losses to commercial loans and leases: 1.48 0.35 0.40 Consumer loans: Allowance for credit losses - consumer 133 98 133 Consumer loans 17,326 9,786 9,892 Consumer allowance for credit losses to consumer loans: 0.77 1.01 1.34 
 
 The reserve for unfunded loan commitments was 106 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 94 million compared to 12 million at December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to the Day 2 provision for unfunded commitments of 59 million related to the CIT Merger. The increase is also due to an increase in off-balance sheet commitments and deterioration in the economic outlook that impacts the macroeconomic variables utilized by our ACL models. The additional off-balance sheet commitments primarily reflect loan commitments or lines of credit, and DPAs associated with factoring. See Note 24 Commitments and Contingencies for information relating to off-balance sheet commitments and Note 5 Allowance for Credit Losses for a roll forward of the ACL for unfunded commitments. 
 
 The following table presents the ACL by loan class for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Table 25 
 ACL by Loan Class 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 dollars in millions: Allowance for Credit Losses Allowance for Credit Losses as a Percentage of Loans Allowance for Credit Losses Allowance for Credit Losses as a Percentage of Loans Allowance for Credit Losses Allowance for Credit Losses as a Percentage of Loans Commercial Commercial construction 40 1.43 5 0.44 8 0.69 Owner occupied commercial mortgage 61 0.42 28 0.23 32 0.28 Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage 181 1.83 16 0.52 24 0.79 Commercial and industrial 476 1.98 29 0.49 26 0.37 Leases 31 1.41 2 0.76 2 0.61 Total commercial 789 1.48 80 0.35 92 0.40 Consumer Residential mortgage 74 0.55 39 0.63 55 0.92 Revolving mortgage 13 0.67 18 1.02 29 1.38 Consumer auto 5 0.37 5 0.43 9 0.75 Consumer other 41 6.32 36 6.60 40 7.13 Total consumer 133 0.77 98 1.01 133 1.34 Total Allowance for Credit Losses 922 1.30 178 0.55 225 0.68 

63 

Credit Metrics 
 Non-performing Assets 
 Non-performing assets include non-accrual loans and leases and OREO. Non-performing assets at December 31, 2022 totaled 674 million, compared to 161 million at December 31, 2021. The increase from December 31, 2021 was mostly due to the non-owner occupied commercial real estate portfolio acquired in the CIT Merger. 
 
 Nonperforming assets include both Non-PCD and PCD loans. Non-PCD loans are generally placed on nonaccrual when principal or interest becomes 90 days past due or when it is probable that principal or interest is not fully collectable. When Non-PCD loans are placed on nonaccrual, all previously uncollected accrued interest is reversed from interest income and the ongoing accrual of interest is discontinued. Non-PCD loans and leases are generally removed from nonaccrual status when they become current for a sustained period of time as to both principal and interest and there is no longer concern as to the collectability of principal and interest. Accretion of income for PCD loans is discontinued when we are unable to estimate the amount or timing of cash flows. PCD loans may begin or resume accretion of income when information becomes available that allows us to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows. 
 
 OREO includes foreclosed property and branch facilities that we have closed but not sold. Net book values of OREO are reviewed at least annually to evaluate reasonableness of the carrying value. The level of review is dependent on the value and type of the collateral, with higher value and more complex properties receiving a more detailed review. Changes to the value of the assets between scheduled valuation dates are monitored through communication with brokers and monthly reviews by the asset manager assigned to each asset. The asset manager uses the information gathered from brokers and other market sources to identify any significant changes in the market or the subject property as they occur. Valuations are then adjusted or new appraisals are ordered to ensure the reported values reflect the most current information. 
 Since OREO is carried at the lower of cost or market value, less estimated selling costs, book value adjustments are only recorded when fair values have declined. Decisions regarding write-downs are based on factors including appraisals, previous offers received on the property, market conditions and the number of days the property has been on the market. 
 The following table presents total nonperforming assets. 
 
 Table 26 
 Non-Performing Assets 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Non-accrual loans: Commercial loans 529 45 70 Consumer loans 98 76 121 Total non-accrual loans 627 121 191 Other real estate owned 47 40 51 Total non-performing assets 674 161 242 Allowance for credit losses to total loans and leases 1.30 0.55 0.68 Ratio of total non-performing assets to total loans, leases and other real estate owned 0.95 0.49 0.74 Ratio of non-accrual loans and leases to total loans and leases 0.89 0.37 0.58 Ratio of allowance for credit losses to non-accrual loans and leases 146.88 148.37 117.15 
 
 Non-accrual loans and leases at December 31, 2022 were 627 million, an increase of 506 million since December 31, 2021. The increases in non-accrual loans from December 31, 2021 was primarily due to non-owner occupied commercial real estate portfolio and other loans acquired in the CIT Merger. The commercial non-accruals increased during the fourth quarter as a result of an increase in the non-owner occupied commercial real estate portfolio, and more specifically related to general office exposure in the Commercial Banking segment. See Note 4 Loans and Leases for tabular presentation of non-accrual loans by loan class. Non-accrual loans and leases as a percentage of total loans and leases was 0.89 and 0.37 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. OREO at December 31, 2022 totaled 47 million, representing an increase of 7 million since December 31, 2021. Non-performing assets as a percentage of total loans, leases and OREO at December 31, 2022 was 0.95 compared to 0.49 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Past Due Accounts 
 The percentage of loans 30 days or more past due at December 31, 2022 was 1.22 of loans, compared to 0.43 at December 31, 2021. Delinquency status of loans is presented in Note 4 Loans and Leases. 
 
 64 

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 A loan is considered a troubled debt restructuring TDR when both of the following occur: (1) a modification to a borrower s debt agreement is made and (2) a concession is granted for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties that otherwise would not be granted. TDR concessions could include deferrals of interest, modifications of payment terms, or, in certain limited instances, forgiveness of principal or interest. Acquired loans are classified as TDRs if a modification is made subsequent to acquisition. We further classify TDRs as performing and nonperforming. Performing TDRs accrue interest at the time of restructure and continue to perform based on the restructured terms. Nonperforming TDRs do not accrue interest and are included with other nonperforming assets within nonaccrual loans and leases in Table 26 above. 
 
 We selectively agree to modify existing loan terms to provide relief to customers who are experiencing financial difficulties or other circumstances that could affect their ability to meet debt obligations. Typical modifications include short-term deferral of interest or modification of payment terms. TDRs not accruing interest at the time of restructure are included as nonperforming loans. TDRs accruing at the time of restructure and continuing to perform based on the restructured terms are considered performing loans. 
 
 The Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus was published by banking regulators in April 2020 to clarify accounting and reporting expectations for loan modifications in determining TDR designation for borrowers experiencing COVID-19-related financial difficulty. BancShares applied this regulatory guidance during its TDR identification process for short-term loan forbearance agreements as a result of COVID-19, and in most cases, did not record these as TDRs. Beginning January 1, 2022, this guidance was no longer applied. 
 
 Table 27 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Commercial Consumer Total Commercial Consumer Total Accruing TDRs 98 52 150 97 49 146 Non-accruing TDRs 49 22 71 21 25 46 Total TDRs 147 74 221 118 74 192 
 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2022-02 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures . This pronouncement eliminates the recognition and measurement guidance on TDRs and is effective for BancShares as of January 1, 2023. See Recent Accounting Pronouncements in this MD A and Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation for further information. 

Concentration Risk 
 We maintain a well-diversified loan and lease portfolio and seek to minimize the risks associated with large concentrations within specific geographic areas, collateral types or industries. Despite our focus on diversification, several characteristics of our loan portfolio subject us to risk, such as our concentrations of real estate secured loans, revolving mortgage loans and healthcare-related loans. 
 
 Commercial Concentrations 
 Geographic Concentrations 
 The following table summarizes state concentrations greater than 5.0 of our loans. Data is based on obligor location unless secured by real estate, then data based on property location. 
 
 Table 28 
 Commercial Loans and Leases - Geography 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 State California 9,226 17.3 3,163 14.0 2,940 12.8 North Carolina 8,699 16.3 7,181 31.8 7,649 33.4 Texas 3,624 6.8 879 3.9 816 3.6 Florida 3,273 6.1 1,496 6.6 1,478 6.5 South Carolina 3,142 5.9 2,855 12.6 2,944 12.9 All other states 24,243 45.4 7,012 31.1 7,073 30.8 Total U.S. 52,207 97.8 22,586 100.0 22,900 100.0 Total International 1,248 2.2 Total 53,455 100.0 22,586 100.0 22,900 100.0 
 65 

Industry Concentrations 
 The following table represents loans and leases by industry of obligor: 
 
 Table 29 
 Commercial Loans and Leases - Industry 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Real Estate 11,684 21.9 4,279 18.9 4,348 19.0 Healthcare 8,146 15.2 6,997 31.0 6,381 27.9 Business Services 5,518 10.3 2,307 10.2 2,175 9.5 Transportation, Communication, Gas, Utilities 5,002 9.4 774 3.4 596 2.6 Manufacturing 4,387 8.2 1,347 6.0 1,101 4.8 Service Industries 4,213 7.9 722 3.2 686 3.0 Retail 3,462 6.5 1,301 5.8 1,310 5.7 Wholesale 2,605 4.9 882 3.9 875 3.8 Finance and Insurance 2,604 4.9 1,361 6.0 1,251 5.5 Other 5,834 10.8 2,616 11.6 4,177 18.2 Total 53,455 100.0 22,586 100.0 22,900 100.0 
 
 We have historically carried a concentration of real estate secured loans, but actively mitigate exposure through underwriting policies, which primarily rely on borrower cash flow rather than underlying collateral values. When we do rely on underlying real property values, we favor financing secured by owner-occupied real property and, as a result, a large percentage of our real estate secured loans are owner occupied. At December 31, 2022, commercial loans secured by real estate were 27.18 billion, or 51 , of commercial loans and leases compared to 16.38 billion, or 73 at December 31, 2021. The change primarily reflects the impact of the CIT Merger and respective loans acquired. 
 
 Loans and leases to borrowers in medical, dental or other healthcare fields were 8.15 billion as of December 31, 2022, which represents 15.2 of commercial loans and leases, compared to 7.00 billion or 31.0 of commercial loans and leases at December 31, 2021. The credit risk of this industry concentration is mitigated through our underwriting policies which emphasize reliance on adequate borrower cash flow rather than underlying collateral value and our preference for financing secured by owner-occupied real property. 
 
 Consumer Concentrations 
 Loan concentrations may exist when multiple borrowers could be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. The following table summarizes state concentrations greater than 5.0 based on property address. 
 
 Table 30 
 Consumer Loans - Geography 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 State North Carolina 5,702 32.9 4,931 50.4 4,741 47.9 California 4,014 23.2 161 1.6 141 1.4 South Carolina 3,001 17.3 2,626 26.9 2,533 25.6 Other states 4,609 26.6 2,068 21.1 2,477 25.1 Total 17,326 100.0 9,786 100.0 9,892 100.0 
 Among consumer real estate secured loans, our revolving mortgage loans Home Equity Lines of Credit or HELOCs present a heightened risk due to long commitment periods during which the financial position of individual borrowers or collateral values may deteriorate significantly. In addition, a large percentage of our HELOCs are secured by junior liens. Substantial declines in collateral values could cause junior lien positions to become effectively unsecured. HELOCs secured by real estate were 1.95 billion, or 11 , of total consumer loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.82 billion, or 19 , at December 31, 2021. The CIT Merger had minimal impact on the outstanding balance, as the acquired consumer portfolio was primarily residential mortgages. 
 
 66 

Except for loans acquired through mergers and acquisitions, we have not purchased HELOCs in the secondary market, nor have we originated these loans to customers outside of our market areas. All originated HELOCs were underwritten by us based on our standard lending criteria. The HELOC portfolio consists of variable rate lines of credit which allow customer draws during a specified period of the line of credit, with a portion switching to an amortizing term following the draw period. Approximately 81.8 of the revolving mortgage portfolio relates to properties in North Carolina and South Carolina. Approximately 32.3 of the loan balances outstanding are secured by senior collateral positions while the remaining 67.7 are secured by junior liens. 
 We actively monitor the portion of our HELOCs in the interest-only period and when they will mature. When HELOCs switch from interest-only to fully amortizing, including principal and interest, some borrowers may not be able to afford the higher monthly payments. We have not experienced a significant increase in defaults as a result of these increased payments. In the normal course of business, we will work with each borrower as they approach the revolving period maturity date to discuss options for refinance or repayment. 
 
 Counterparty Risk 
 We enter into interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange forward contracts as part of our overall risk management practices and also on behalf of our clients. We establish risk metrics and evaluate and manage the counterparty risk associated with these derivative instruments in accordance with the comprehensive Risk Management Framework and Risk Appetite Framework and Statement. 
 
 Counterparty credit exposure or counterparty risk is a primary risk of derivative instruments, relating to the ability of a counterparty to perform its financial obligations under the derivative contract. We seek to control credit risk of derivative agreements through counterparty credit approvals, pre-established exposure limits and monitoring procedures, which are integrated with our cash and issuer related credit processes. 
 
 The applicable Chief Credit Officer, or delegate, approves each counterparty and establishes exposure limits based on credit analysis of each counterparty. Derivative agreements for BancShares risk management purposes and for the hedging of client transactions are executed with major financial institutions and are settled through the major clearing exchanges, which are rated investment grade by nationally recognized statistical rating agencies. Credit exposure is mitigated via the exchange of collateral between the counterparties covering mark-to-market valuations. Client related derivative transactions, which are primarily related to lending activities, are incorporated into our loan underwriting and reporting processes. 

ASSET RISK 
 
 Asset risk is a form of price risk and is a primary risk of our leasing businesses related to the risk to earning of capital arising from changes in the value of owned leasing equipment. Reflecting the addition of operating lease equipment and additional asset-based lending from the CIT Merger, we are subject to increased asset risk. Asset risk in our leasing business is evaluated and managed in the divisions and overseen by risk management processes. In our asset-based lending business, we also use residual value guarantees to mitigate or partially mitigate exposure to end of lease residual value exposure on certain of our finance leases. Our business process consists of: (1) setting residual values at transaction inception, (2) systematic periodic residual value reviews, and (3) monitoring levels of residual realizations. Residual realizations, by business and product, are reviewed as part of the quarterly financial and asset quality review. Reviews for impairment are performed at least annually. 
 
 In combination with other risk management and monitoring practices, asset risk is monitored through reviews of the equipment markets including utilization rates and traffic flows, the evaluation of supply and demand dynamics, the impact of new technologies and changes in regulatory requirements on different types of equipment. At a high level, demand for equipment is correlated with GDP growth trends for the markets the equipment serves, as well as the more immediate conditions of those markets. Cyclicality in the economy and shifts in trade flows due to specific events represent risks to the earnings that can be realized by these businesses. For instance, in the Rail business, BancShares seeks to mitigate these risks by maintaining a relatively young fleet of assets, which can bolster attractive lease and utilization rates. 

MARKET RISK 
 Interest rate risk management 
 
 BancShares is exposed to the risk that changes in market conditions may affect interest rates and negatively impact earnings. The risk arises from the nature of BancShares business activities, the composition of BancShares balance sheet, and changes in the level or shape of the yield curve. BancShares manages this inherent risk strategically based on prescribed guidelines and approved limits. 
 67 

Interest rate risk can arise from many of the BancShares business activities, such as lending, leasing, investing, deposit taking, derivatives, and funding activities. We evaluate and monitor interest rate risk primarily through two metrics. 
 Net Interest Income Sensitivity NII Sensitivity measures the net impact of hypothetical changes in interest rates on forecasted NII; and 
 Economic Value of Equity Sensitivity EVE Sensitivity measures the net impact of these hypothetical changes on the value of equity by assessing the economic value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments. 
 
 BancShares uses a holistic process to measure and monitor both short term and long term risks which includes, but is not limited to, gradual and immediate parallel rate shocks, changes in the shape of the yield curve, and changes in the relationship of various yield curves. NII Sensitivity generally focuses on shorter term earnings risk, while EVE Sensitivity assesses the longer-term risk of the existing balance sheet. 
 
 Our exposure to NII Sensitivity is guided by the Risk Appetite Framework and Statement and a range of risk metrics and BancShares may utilize tools across the balance sheet to adjust its interest rate risk exposures, including through business line actions and actions within the investment, funding and derivative portfolios. 
 
 The composition of our interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities generally results in a net asset-sensitive position for NII Sensitivity, whereby our assets will reprice faster than our liabilities, which is generally concentrated at the short end of the yield curve. 
 Our funding sources consist primarily of deposits and we also support our funding needs through wholesale funding sources (including unsecured and secured borrowings). 
 
 The deposit rates we offer are influenced by market conditions and competitive factors. Market rates are the key drivers of deposit costs and we continue to optimize deposit costs by improving our deposit mix. Changes in interest rates, expected funding needs, as well as actions by competitors, can affect our deposit taking activities and deposit pricing. We believe our targeted non-maturity deposit customer retention is strong and we remain focused on optimizing our mix of deposits. We regularly assess the effect of deposit rate changes on our balances and seek to achieve optimal alignment between assets and liabilities. 
 
 The following table below summarizes the results of 12-month NII Sensitivity simulations produced by our asset/liability management system. These simulations assume static balance sheet replacement with like products and implied forward market rates, but also incorporates additional assumptions, such as, but not limited to prepayment estimates, pricing estimates and deposit behaviors. The below simulations assume an immediate 25, 100 and 200 bps parallel increase and 25 and 100 bps decrease from the market-based forward curve for December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Table 31 
 Net Interest Income Sensitivity Simulation Analysis 
 Estimated (Decrease) Increase in NII Change in interest rate (bps) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 -100 (4.0) (5.8) -25 (0.9) (1.2) +25 0.8 1.1 +100 3.4 3.2 +200 6.7 6.3 
 
 NII Sensitivity metrics at December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, were primarily affected by a reduction in cash as well as liability management actions which included borrowing FHLB advances to support loan growth and to offset deposit runoff. BancShares continues to have an asset sensitive interest rate risk profile and the potential exposure to forecasted earnings is largely due to the composition of the balance sheet (primarily due to floating rate commercial loans and cash), as well as estimates of modest cumulative future deposit betas. Approximately 45 of our loans have floating contractual reference rates, indexed primarily to 1-month LIBOR, 3-month LIBOR, Prime and SOFR. Deposit betas for the combined company are modeled to have a portfolio average of approximately 25 over the forecast horizon. Impacts to NII Sensitivity may change due to actual results differing from modeled expectations. 
 
 68 

As noted above, EVE Sensitivity supplements NII simulations as it estimates risk exposures beyond a twelve-month horizon. EVE Sensitivity measures the change in value of the economic value of equity reflecting changes in assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet instruments in response to a change in interest rates. EVE Sensitivity is calculated by estimating the change in the net present value of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet items under various rate movements. 
 
 The following table presents the EVE profile as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 Table 32 
 Economic Value of Equity Modeling Analysis 
 Estimated (Decrease) Increase in EVE Change in interest rate (bps) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 -100 (5.3) (13.7) -25 (1.2) +100 4.1 6.1 +200 3.0 5.9 
 
 The economic value of equity metrics at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 were primarily affected by balance sheet composition changes as well as increasing market interest rates. 
 
 In addition to the above reported sensitivities, a wide variety of potential interest rate scenarios are simulated within our asset/liability management system. Scenarios that impact management volumes, specific risk events, or the sensitivity to key assumptions are also evaluated. 
 
 We use results of our various interest rate risk analyses to formulate and implement asset and liability management strategies, in coordination with the Asset Liability Committee, to achieve the desired risk profile, while managing our objectives for market risk and other strategic objectives. Specifically, we may manage our interest rate risk position through certain pricing strategies and product design for loans and deposits, our investment portfolio, funding portfolio, or by using off balance sheet derivatives to mitigate earnings volatility. 
 
 The above sensitivities provide an estimate of our interest rate sensitivity; however, they do not account for potential changes in credit quality, size, mix, or changes in the competition for business in the industries we serve. They also do not account for other business developments and other actions. Accordingly, we can give no assurance that actual results would not differ materially from the estimated outcomes of our simulations. Further, the range of such simulations is not intended to represent our current view of the expected range of future interest rate movements. 
 69 

The following provides loan maturity distribution information by contractual maturity date. 
 
 Table 33 
 Loan Maturity Distribution 
 dollars in millions At December 31, 2022, Maturing Within One Year One to Five Years Five to 15 Years After 15 Years Total Commercial Commercial construction 600 1,326 765 113 2,804 Owner occupied commercial mortgage 719 4,159 9,140 455 14,473 Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage 2,283 5,293 2,012 314 9,902 Commercial and industrial 6,804 13,490 3,617 194 24,105 Leases 779 1,352 40 2,171 Total commercial 11,185 25,620 15,574 1,076 53,455 Consumer Residential mortgage 275 1,096 3,584 8,354 13,309 Revolving mortgage 86 149 67 1,649 1,951 Consumer auto 12 693 709 1,414 Consumer other 332 163 119 38 652 Total consumer 705 2,101 4,479 10,041 17,326 Total loans and leases 11,890 27,721 20,053 11,117 70,781 
 
 The following provides information regarding the sensitivity of loans and leases to changes in interest rates. 
 
 Table 34 
 Loan Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 dollars in millions Loans Maturing One Year or After with Fixed Interest Rates Variable Interest Rates Commercial Commercial construction 999 1,205 Owner occupied commercial mortgage 12,183 1,571 Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage 2,966 4,653 Commercial and industrial 7,803 9,498 Leases 1,392 Total commercial 25,343 16,927 Consumer Residential mortgage 7,325 5,709 Revolving mortgage 36 1,829 Consumer auto 1,402 Consumer other 287 33 Total consumer 9,050 7,571 Total loans and leases 34,393 24,498 
 Reference Rate Reform 
 The administrator of LIBOR has announced that publication of the most commonly used tenors of U.S. Dollar LIBOR will cease to be provided or cease to be representative after June 30, 2023. The U.S. federal banking agencies had also issued guidance strongly encouraging banking organizations to cease using the U.S. Dollar LIBOR as a reference rate in new contracts by December 31, 2021 at the latest. Accordingly, prior to the CIT Merger, FCB and CIT had ceased originating new products using LIBOR by the end of 2021. 
 
 70 

In April 2018, the FRB of New York commenced publication of SOFR, which has been recommended as an alternative to U.S. Dollar LIBOR by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a group of market and official sector participants. On March 15, 2022, the U.S. Congress adopted, as part of the Consolidated Appropriation Act of 2022, the Adjustable Interest (LIBOR) Act, which provides certain statutory requirements and guidance for the selection and use of alternative reference rates in legacy financial contracts governed by U.S. law that do not provide for the use of a clearly defined or practicable alternative reference rate. On July 19, 2022, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System issued a notice of proposed rulemaking on a proposed regulation to implement the LIBOR Act, as required by its terms. The LIBOR Act requires implementing regulations be in place within 180 days of its enactment. The final rule was approved by the FRB on December 16, 2022 and will become effective 30 days after it is published in the Federal Register. BancShares anticipates using Board-selected benchmark replacements to take advantage of the safe harbors that are afforded in the rule. 
 
 BancShares holds instruments such as loans, investments, derivative products, and other financial instruments that use LIBOR as a benchmark rate. However, BancShares LIBOR exposure is primarily to tenures other than one week and two-month USD LIBOR. 
 
 LIBOR is a benchmark interest rate for most of our floating rate loans and our Series B Preferred Stock, as well as certain liabilities and off-balance sheet exposures. We continue to monitor industry and regulatory developments and have a well-established transition program in place to manage the implementation of alternative reference rates as the market transitions away from LIBOR. Coordination is being handled by a cross-functional project team governed by executive sponsors. Its mission is to work with our businesses to ensure a smooth transition for BancShares and its customers to an appropriate LIBOR alternative. Certain financial markets and products have already migrated to alternatives. The project team ensures that BancShares is ready to move quickly and efficiently as consensus around LIBOR alternatives emerge. BancShares has processes in place to complete its review of the population of legal contracts impacted by the LIBOR transition, and updates to our operational systems and processes are substantially in place. 
 
 BancShares is utilizing SOFR as our preferred replacement index for LIBOR. As loans mature and new originations occur a larger percentage of BancShares variable-rate loans are expected to reference SOFR in response to the discontinuation of LIBOR. However, we are positioned to accommodate other alternative reference rates (e.g., credit sensitive rates) in response to how the market evolves. Further, BancShares plans to move to SOFR for its Series B Preferred Stock since the dividends for the Series B Preferred Stock after June 15, 2022 are based on a floating rate tied to three-month LIBOR. 
 
 For a further discussion of risks BancShares faces in connection with the replacement of LIBOR on its operations, see Risk Factors Market Risks We may be adversely impacted by the transition from LIBOR as a reference rate . in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 LIQUIDITY RISK 
 
 Our liquidity risk management and monitoring process is designed to ensure the availability of adequate cash and collateral resources and funding capacity to meet our obligations. Our overall liquidity management strategy is intended to ensure appropriate liquidity to meet expected and contingent funding needs under both normal and stressed environments. Consistent with this strategy, we maintain sufficient amounts of Available Cash and High Quality Liquid Securities HQLS ). Additional sources of liquidity include FHLB borrowing capacity, committed credit facilities, repurchase agreements, brokered CD issuances, unsecured debt issuances, and cash collections generated by portfolio asset sales to third parties. 
 
 We utilize a series of measurement tools to assess and monitor the level and adequacy of our liquidity position, liquidity conditions and trends. We measure and forecast liquidity and liquidity risks under different hypothetical scenarios and across different horizons. We use a liquidity stress testing framework to better understand the range of potential risks and their impacts to which BancShares is exposed. Stress test results inform our business strategy, risk appetite, levels of liquid assets, and contingency funding plans. Also included among our liquidity measurement tools are key risk indicators that assist in identifying potential liquidity risk and stress events. 
 
 BancShares maintains a framework to establish liquidity risk tolerances, monitoring, and breach escalation protocol to alert management of potential funding and liquidity risks and to initiate mitigating actions as appropriate. Further, BancShares maintains a contingent funding plan which details protocols and potential actions to be taken under liquidity stress conditions. 
 
 Liquidity includes Available Cash and HQLS. At December 31, 2022 we had 18.24 billion of total Liquid Assets (16.7 of total assets) and 13.52 billion of contingent liquidity sources available. 

71 

Table 35 
 Liquidity 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 Available Cash 
 4,894 High Quality Liquid Securities 
 13,350 Liquid Assets 18,244 FHLB capacity (1) 
 9,218 FRB capacity 4,203 Line of credit 100 Total contingent sources 13,521 Total Liquid Assets and contingent sources 31,765 
 (1) See Table 36 for additional details. 
 
 We fund our operations through deposits and borrowings. Our primary source of liquidity is our branch-generated deposit portfolio due to the generally stable balances and low cost. Deposits totaled 89.41 billion and 51.41 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As needed, we use borrowings to diversify the funding of our business operations. Borrowings totaled 6.65 billion and 1.78 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Borrowings primarily consist of FHLB advances, senior unsecured notes, securities sold under customer repurchase agreements, and subordinated notes. 
 
 A source of available funds is advances from the FHLB of Atlanta. We may pledge assets for secured borrowing transactions, which include borrowings from the FHLB and/or FRB, or for other purposes as required or permitted by law. The debt issued in conjunction with these transactions is collateralized by certain discrete receivables, securities, loans, leases and/or underlying equipment. Certain related cash balances are restricted. 
 
 FHLB Advances 
 
 Table 36 
 FHLB Balances 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Total Total Total Total borrowing capacity 14,918 9,564 8,638 Less: Advances 4,250 645 655 Letters of credit (1) 
 1,450 Available capacity 9,218 8,919 7,983 Pledged Non-PCD loans (contractual balance) 23,491 14,507 12,157 Weighted Average Rate 3.28 1.28 1.28 
 (1) Letters of credit were established with the FHLB to collateralize public funds. 
 
 The increase in advances from December 31, 2021 reflected FHLB borrowings of 6.15 billion, partially offset by repayments of 2.55 billion. FHLB borrowings remaining at December 31, 2022 consisted of 1.75 billion short-term and 2.50 billion long-term. We grew FHLB advances during 2022 to supplement funding due to the decrease in deposits and increase in loans. With the growth in deposits in the fourth quarter of 2022, we were able to rebalance our funding and we repaid 1.75 billion of the outstanding FHLB advances in January 2023 and an additional 600 million in February 2023. 
 
 Under borrowing arrangements with the FRB of Richmond, FCB has access to an additional 4.20 billion on a secured basis. There were no outstanding borrowings with the FRB Discount Window at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Commitments and Contractual Obligations 
 Table 37 identifies significant obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022, representing required and potential cash outflows. See Note 24 Commitments and Contingencies for additional information regarding commitments. Financing commitments, letters of credit and deferred purchase commitments are presented at contractual amounts and do not necessarily reflect future cash outflows as many are expected to expire unused or partially used. 
 72 

Table 37 
 Commitments and Contractual Obligations 
 dollars in millions Payments Due by Period Type of Obligation Less than 1 year 1-3 years 4-5 years Thereafter Total Contractual obligations: Time deposits 6,896 3,481 107 126 10,610 Short-term borrowings 2,186 2,186 Long-term obligations 518 2,865 35 1,041 4,459 Total contractual obligations 9,600 6,346 142 1,167 17,255 Commitments: Financing commitments 
 11,445 4,627 2,875 4,505 23,452 Letters of credit 
 212 121 138 9 480 Deferred purchase agreements 2,039 2,039 Purchase and funding commitments 913 28 941 Affordable housing partnerships (1) 
 132 137 16 10 295 Total commitments 14,741 4,913 3,029 4,524 27,207 
 (1) On-balance sheet commitments, included in other liabilities. 
 
 CRA Investment Commitment 
 As part of the CIT Merger, BancShares adopted a community benefit plan, developed in collaboration with representatives of community reinvestment organizations. See further discussion on CRA, including details on investment commitments, in the subsection Subsidiary Bank - FCB in Item 1. Business Regulatory Considerations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

CAPITAL 
 
 Capital requirements applicable to BancShares are discussed in Regulatory Considerations section in Item 1. Business of this Annual Report of Form 10-K. 
 
 BancShares maintains a comprehensive capital adequacy process. BancShares establishes internal capital risk limits and warning thresholds, which utilize Risk-Based and Leverage-Based Capital calculations, internal and external early warning indicators, its capital planning process, and stress testing to evaluate BancShares' capital adequacy for multiple types of risk in both normal and stressed environments. The capital management framework requires contingency plans be defined and may be employed at management s discretion. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On July 26, 2022, the Board authorized a share repurchase program for up to 1,500,000 shares of BancShares Class A common stock for the period commencing August 1, 2022 through July 28, 2023. We purchased 1,027,414 shares of Class A common stock during the third quarter of 2022, and we repurchased the remaining 472,586 shares of Class A common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022, thereby completing the share repurchase program. See Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details on purchases. 
 
 Common and Preferred Stock Dividends 
 During the first three quarters of 2022, we paid a quarterly dividend of 0.47 on the Class A common stock and Class B common stock. On October 25, 2022, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend increase on the Class A common stock and Class B common stock to 0.75 per common share. The fourth quarter dividends were paid on December 15, 2022. On January 24, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend on the Class A common stock and Class B common stock of 0.75 per common share. The dividends are payable on March 15, 2023 to stockholders of record as of February 28, 2023. 
 
 On January 24, 2023, our Board of Directors also declared dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock. The dividends are payable on March 15, 2023. Dividend payment information on our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock is disclosed in Note 17 Stockholders Equity. 
 73 

Capital Composition and Ratios 
 In connection with the consummation of the CIT Merger, the Parent Company issued approximately 6.1 million shares of its Class A common stock. Additionally, shares of CIT Series A Preferred Stock were automatically converted into the right to receive shares of BancShares Series B Preferred Stock and shares of CIT Series B Preferred Stock were automatically converted into the right to receive shares of BancShares Series C Preferred Stock. In connection with the consummation of the CIT Merger, the Parent Company issued (a) 325,000 shares of BancShares Series B Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share, resulting in a total liquidation preference of 325 million, and (b) 8 million shares of BancShares Series C Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of 25 per share, resulting in a total liquidation preference of 200 million. 
 
 The table below shows activities that caused the change in outstanding shares of Class A common stock for the year. 
 
 Table 38 
 Changes in Shares of Class A Common Stock Outstanding 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Class A shares outstanding at beginning of period 8,811,220 Share issuance in conjunction with the CIT Merger 6,140,010 Restricted stock units vested, net of shares held to cover taxes 49,787 Shares purchased under authorized repurchase plan (1,500,000) Class A shares outstanding at end of period 13,501,017 
 
 We also had 1,005,185 shares of Class B common stock outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 We are committed to effectively managing our capital to protect our depositors, creditors and stockholders. We continually monitor the capital levels and ratios for BancShares and FCB to ensure they exceed the minimum requirements imposed by regulatory authorities and to ensure they are appropriate given growth projections, risk profile and potential changes in the regulatory or external environment. Failure to meet certain capital requirements may result in actions by regulatory agencies that could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In accordance with GAAP, the unrealized gains and losses on certain assets and liabilities, net of deferred taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss within stockholders equity. These amounts are excluded from regulatory in the calculation of our regulatory capital ratios under current regulatory guidelines. 
 
 Table 39 
 Analysis of Capital Adequacy 
 dollars in millions Requirements to be Well-Capitalized December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio BancShares Risk-based capital ratios Total risk-based capital 10.00 11,799 13.18 5,042 14.35 4,577 13.81 Tier 1 risk-based capital 8.00 9,902 11.06 4,380 12.47 3,856 11.63 Common equity Tier 1 6.50 9,021 10.08 4,041 11.50 3,516 10.61 Tier 1 leverage ratio 5.00 9,902 8.99 4,380 7.59 3,856 7.86 FCB Risk-based capital ratios Total risk-based capital 10.00 11,627 12.99 4,858 13.85 4,543 13.72 Tier 1 risk-based capital 8.00 10,186 11.38 4,651 13.26 4,277 12.92 Common equity Tier 1 6.50 10,186 11.38 4,651 13.26 4,277 12.92 Tier 1 leverage ratio 5.00 10,186 9.25 4,651 8.07 4,277 8.72 
 
 74 

At December 31, 2022, BancShares and FCB had risk-based capital ratio conservation buffers of 5.06 and 4.99 , respectively, which are in excess of the Basel III conservation buffer of 2.50 . At December 31, 2021, BancShares and FCB had risk-based capital ratio conservation buffers of 6.35 and 5.85 , respectively. The capital ratio conservation buffers represent the excess of the regulatory capital ratio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 over the Basel III minimum for the ratio that is the binding constraint. Additional Tier 1 capital for BancShares includes preferred stock discussed further in Note 17 Stockholders Equity. Additional Tier 2 capital for BancShares and FCB primarily consists of qualifying ACL and qualifying subordinated debt. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The accounting and reporting policies of BancShares are in accordance with GAAP and are described in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to exercise judgment in determining many of the estimates and assumptions utilized to arrive at the carrying value of assets and liabilities and amounts reported for revenues and expenses. Our financial position and results of operations could be materially affected by changes to these estimates and assumptions. 
 
 We consider accounting estimates to be critical to reported financial results if (i) the accounting estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain and (ii) different estimates that management reasonably could have used for the accounting estimate in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, could have a material impact on our financial statements. Accounting estimates related to BancShares ACL and certain purchase accounting fair value estimates for the CIT Merger related to loans, core deposit intangibles, and operating lease equipment in the Rail segment Rail Assets are considered to be critical accounting estimates because considerable judgment and estimation is applied by management. 
 ACL 
 The ACL represents management s best estimate of credit losses expected over the life of the loan or lease, adjusted for expected contractual payments and the impact of prepayment expectations. Estimates for loan and lease losses are determined by analyzing quantitative and qualitative components present as of the evaluation date. The ACL is calculated based on a variety of considerations, including, but not limited to actual net loss history of the various loan and lease pools, delinquency trends, changes in forecasted economic conditions, loan growth, estimated loan life, and changes in portfolio credit quality. Loans and leases are segregated into pools with similar risk characteristics and each have a model that is utilized to estimate the ACL. The ACL models utilize economic variables, including unemployment, GDP, home price index, commercial real estate index, corporate profits, and credit spreads. These economic variables are based on macroeconomic scenario forecasts with a forecast horizon that covers the lives of the loan portfolios. 
 
 While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, the ultimate adequacy of our ACL is dependent upon a variety of factors beyond our control which are inherently difficult to predict, the most significant being the macroeconomic scenario forecasts that determine the economic variables utilized in the ACL models. Due to the inherent uncertainty in the macroeconomic forecasts, BancShares utilizes baseline, upside, and downside macroeconomic scenarios and weights the scenarios based on review of variable forecasts for each scenario and comparison to expectations. At December 31, 2022, ACL estimates in these scenarios ranged from approximately 685 million when weighting the upside scenario 100 , to approximately 1.23 billion when weighting the downside scenario 100 . BancShares management determined that an ACL of 922 million was appropriate as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Current economic conditions and forecasts can change which could affect the anticipated amount of estimated credit losses and therefore the appropriateness of the ACL. It is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one economic factor or input might affect the overall ACL because a wide variety of factors and inputs are considered in estimating the ACL and changes in those factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all product types. Additionally, changes in factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in others. 
 
 Accounting policies related to the ACL are discussed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. For more information regarding the ACL, refer to the Credit Risk Management ACL section of this MD A and Note 5 Allowance for Credit Losses. 
 
 75 

Purchase Accounting Fair Value Estimates 
 Acquired assets and liabilities in a business combination are recorded at their fair values as of the date of acquisition. The determination of estimated fair values required management to make certain estimates about discount rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions at the time of the merger and other future events that are highly subjective in nature and may require adjustments. The fair values for these items are further discussed in Note 2 Business Combinations. 
 
 Fair values of acquired loans and leases, core deposit intangibles recorded and Rail Assets associated with the CIT Merger are considered critical accounting estimates and discussed further below. 
 
 Loans and Leases 
 Fair values for loans acquired in the CIT Merger were based on a discounted cash flow methodology that forecasts expected credit and prepayment adjusted cash flows, which were discounted using market-based discount rates. This approach also considered factors including the type of loan and related collateral, fixed or variable interest rate, remaining term, credit quality ratings or scores, and amortization status. 
 
 Selected larger, impaired loans were specifically reviewed to evaluate fair value. Loans with similar risk characteristics were pooled together when applying various valuation techniques. The discount rates used for loans were based on an evaluation of current market rates for new originations of comparable loans and required rates of return for market participants to purchase similar assets, including adjustments for liquidity and credit quality when necessary. In our valuation analysis, the discount rate had the most significant impact on the valuation. An increase of 0.25 to the discount rates used to derive the fair value of the loans at the time of the merger would have reduced the approximate fair value by 201 million, whereas a decrease of 0.25 to the discount rates would have increased the fair value by approximately 202 million. 
 
 Core Deposit Intangibles 
 Certain core deposits were acquired as part of the CIT Merger, which provide an additional source of funds for BancShares. Core deposit intangibles represent the costs saved by BancShares by acquiring the core deposits rather than sourcing the funds elsewhere. The core deposit intangibles were recorded at fair value of 143 million. See Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation for further accounting policy information and Note 8 Goodwill and Other Intangibles. 
 
 Core deposit intangibles were valued using the income approach, after-tax cost savings method. This method estimates the fair value by discounting to present value the favorable funding spread attributable to the core deposit balances over their estimated average remaining life. The favorable funding spread is calculated as the difference in the alternative cost of funds and the net deposit cost. The discounted cash flow methodology considered discount rate, client attrition rates, cost of the deposit base, reserve requirements, net maintenance cost, and an estimate of the cost associated with alternative funding sources. In our valuation analysis, the discount rate had the most significant impact on the valuation. An increase of 0.25 to the discount rates used to derive the core deposit intangibles at the Merger Date would have decreased core deposit intangibles by approximately 6 million, whereas a decrease to the discount rates of 0.25 would have increased core deposit intangibles by approximately 8 million. 
 
 Rail Assets 
 Our Rail Assets consist of railcars and locomotives. Fair values for acquired Rail Assets were based primarily on a cost approach under an in-use premise. The sales approach was used to value Rail Assets when market information was available. A discount was recorded for Rail Assets to reduce the carrying value to fair value. Rail Assets are discussed further in the Rail discussion in the section entitled Results by Business Segment of this MD A. 

76 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 The following ASUs issued by the FASB were adopted by BancShares as of January 1, 2023. There were no other recent accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted by BancShares as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 Standard Summary of Guidance Effect on BancShares Financial Statements 
 ASU 2022-01, Fair Value Hedging - Portfolio Layer Method 
 Issued March 2022 
 The amendments in this Update allow entities to designate multiple hedged layers of a single closed portfolio, and expands the scope of the portfolio layer method to include non-prepayable financial assets. Provides additional guidance on the accounting for and disclosure of hedge basis adjustments under the portfolio layer method. In addition, as of the adoption date the Update permits reclassification of debt securities from the held-to-maturity category to the available-for-sale category if the entity intends to include those securities in a portfolio designated in a portfolio layer method hedge. BancShares adopted ASU 2022-01 as of January 1, 2023. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on BancShares consolidated financial statements and disclosures as BancShares did not have any hedged portfolios. ASU 2022-02, Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures 
 Issued March 2022 
 For creditors that have adopted CECL, the amendments in this ASU: (i) eliminate the previous recognition and measurement guidance for TDRs, (ii) require new disclosures for loan modifications when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty (the Modification Disclosures and (iii) require disclosures of current period gross charge-offs by year of origination in the vintage disclosures (the Gross Charge-off Vintage Disclosures 
 The Modification Disclosures apply to the following modification types: principal forgiveness, interest rate reductions, other-than-insignificant payment delays, term extensions, or a combination thereof. Creditors will be required to disclose the following by loan class: (i) amounts and relative percentages of each modification type, (ii) the financial effect of each modification type, including the incremental effect of principal forgiveness or reduction in weighted average interest rate, (iii) the performance of the loan in the 12 months following the modification and (iv) qualitative information discussing how the modifications factored into the determination of the ACL. 
 BancShares adopted ASU 2022-02 as of January 1, 2023 and elected to apply the modified retrospective transition method for ACL recognition and measurement. 
 
 As a result of adopting this ASU, BancShares does not expect a material change to its ACL related to loans previously modified as a TDR and, therefore, does not expect a material cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 The Modification Disclosures and Gross Charge-off Vintage Disclosures are required to be applied prospectively, beginning in BancShares Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as of and for the three months ending March 31, 2023. 

The following ASUs related to reference rate reform can be applied through December 31, 2024: 
 Standard Summary of Guidance Effect on BancShares Financial Statements 
 ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting 
 Issued March 2020 
 
 ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope 
 Issued January 2021 
 
 ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 
 Issued December 2022 
 
 The amendments in these updates apply only to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. 
 
 Allows entities to prospectively apply certain optional expedients for contract modifications and removes the requirements to remeasure contract modifications or de-designate hedging relationships. In addition, potential sources of ineffectiveness as a result of reference rate reform may be disregarded when performing certain effectiveness assessments. 
 
 The main purpose of the practical expedients is to ease the administrative burden of accounting for contracts impacted by reference rate reform. 
 
 ASU 2021-01 refines the scope of ASC 848 and clarifies which optional expedients may be applied to derivative instruments that do not reference LIBOR or a reference rate that is expected to be discontinued, but that are being modified in connection with the market-wide transition to new reference rates. 
 
 ASU 2022-06 extends the period of time entities can utilize the reference rate reform relief guidance under ASU 2020-04 from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. 
 
 BancShares continues to assess the impact of the optional expedients available through December 31, 2024 for eligible contract modifications and hedge relationships. However, the reference rate reform optional expedients have not yet been applied to any contracts and adoption of this guidance has not had, and is expected to continue to not have, a material impact on the financial statements. 
 77 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASUREMENTS 
 
 BancShares provides certain non-GAAP information in reporting its financial results to give investors additional data to evaluate its operations. A non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s historical or future financial performance or financial position that may either exclude or include amounts or is adjusted in some way to the effect of including or excluding amounts, as compared to the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP financial statements. BancShares believes that non-GAAP financial measures, when reviewed in conjunction with GAAP financial information, can provide transparency about, or an alternate means of assessing, its operating results and financial position to its investors, analysts and management. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, and not superior to or a substitute for, GAAP measures presented in BancShares consolidated financial statements and other publicly filed reports. In addition, our non-GAAP measures may be different from or inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other institutions. 
 
 Whenever we refer to a non-GAAP financial measure we will generally define and present the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, along with a reconciliation between the U.S. GAAP financial measure and the non-GAAP financial measure. We describe each of these measures below and explain why we believe the measure to be useful. 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net income (GAAP) to net revenue on operating leases (non-GAAP) for the Rail Segment. 
 
 Adjusted Rental Income on Operating Lease Equipment for Rail Segment 
 
 Adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment within the Rail segment is calculated as gross revenue earned on rail car leases less depreciation and maintenance. This metric allows us to monitor the performance and profitability of the rail leases after deducting direct expenses. 
 
 The table below presents a reconciliation of net income to adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment. 
 
 Table 40 
 Rail Segment 
 dollars in millions Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Net income (GAAP) 112 Plus: Provision for income taxes 37 Plus: Other noninterest expense 63 Less: Other noninterest income 5 Plus: Interest expense, net 80 Adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment (non-GAAP) 287 

78 

FOURTH QUARTER ANALYSIS 
 
 Table 41 
 Selected Financial Data 
 dollars in millions, except share data Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2021 SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS Interest income 1,040 906 371 Interest expense 238 111 14 Net interest income 802 795 357 Provision (benefit) for credit losses 79 60 (5) Net interest income after provision for credit losses 723 735 362 Noninterest income 429 433 114 Noninterest expense 760 760 323 Income before income taxes 392 408 153 Income taxes 135 93 30 Net income 257 315 123 Preferred stock dividends 14 12 4 Net income available to common stockholders 243 303 119 PER COMMON SHARE DATA Average diluted common shares 14,607,426 15,727,993 9,816,405 Net income available to common stockholders (diluted) 16.67 19.25 12.09 KEY PERFORMANCE METRICS Return on average assets (ROA) 0.93 1.16 0.84 Net interest margin (NIM) (1) 
 3.36 3.40 2.58 SELECTED QUARTERLY AVERAGE BALANCES Total investments 18,876 19,119 11,424 Total loans and leases (1) 
 70,465 68,824 32,488 Total operating lease equipment (net) 8,049 7,981 Total assets 109,792 107,987 58,116 Total deposits 89,042 88,422 51,239 Total stockholders equity 9,621 10,499 4,633 ASSET QUALITY Ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans 0.89 0.65 0.37 Allowance for credit losses to loans ratio 1.30 1.26 0.55 Net charge off ratio 0.14 0.10 (0.01) 
 (1) Calculation is further discussed below in Table 42 of this MD A. 

For the three months ended December 31, 2022 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022: 
 Net income for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 257 million, a decrease of 58 million, or 18 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022. Net income available to common stockholders for the three months ended December 31, 2022 totaled 243 million, a decrease of 60 million, or 20 compared to the linked quarter. Net income per diluted common share for the three months ended December 31, 2022. was 16.67, a decrease of 13 from the linked quarter. The decreases were primarily due to higher provision for income taxes, reflecting taxes on the early surrender of BOLI contracts, and higher provision for credit losses. 
 Fourth quarter results were impacted by the strategic decision to exit 1.25 billion of BOLI policies. The surrender of the policies resulted in a tax charge of 55 million. Favorable market conditions prompted us to exit this long-term, illiquid asset. As we receive proceeds from the surrender, those will increase our capital and liquidity positions while at the same time allow us to invest in highly liquid assets at higher yields. 
 Return on average assets for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 0.93 , compared to 1.16 for the three months ended September 30, 2022, impacted by the higher income taxes noted above. 
 NII for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 802 million, an increase of 7 million, or 1 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022. See average balances and rates below for more detail. 
 NIM for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 3.36 , a decrease of 4 bps from 3.40 for the three months ended September 30, 2022. See average balances and rates below for more detail. 
 79 

Provision for credit losses for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 79 million compared to a provision of 60 million for the three months ended September 30, 2022. The increase was primarily due to changes in reserves on individually evaluated loans, an increase in net charge-offs, loan growth and deterioration in the economic outlook, partially offset by a change in portfolio mix. The net charge-off ratio for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 0.14 , up from 0.10 for the three months ended September 30, 2022. 
 Noninterest income for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 429 million, a decrease of 4 million compared to 433 million for the three months ended September 30, 2022. The change was primarily due to declines in other noninterest income (spread among various accounts), partially offset by higher rental income on operating leases, factoring commissions, service charges on deposit accounts and insurance commissions. Rental income on operating lease equipment increased 5 million on a gross basis, reflecting continued improvement in utilization and a higher lease rate. Noninterest income from fee generating lines of business including service charges on deposit accounts, factoring and insurance commissions, card services and fee income and other service charges increased 8 million. All other noninterest income declined by 17 million, spread among various accounts. 
 Noninterest expense for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 760 million, unchanged from the three months ended September 30, 2022. While the total was unchanged over the prior quarter, there was a 6 million increase in marketing costs, primarily related to the Direct Bank and a 3 million increase in net occupancy expense due to increased repairs and utilities costs. These were offset by a 4 million decline in maintenance and depreciation expense on operating lease equipment, a 4 million decline in merger-related expenses and a 1 million decline in other operating expenses spread among various accounts. 
 Select items in the current and linked quarters include: 
 For the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 CIT Merger-related expenses of 29 million in noninterest expense. 
 A provision for income taxes of 55 million related to the BOLI termination. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2022: 
 CIT Merger-related expenses of 33 million in noninterest expense. 
 
 For the three months ended December 31, 2022 compared to the three months ended December 31, 2021: 
 Net income for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 257 million, an increase of 134 million, or 108 compared to the three months ended December 31, 2021. Net income available to common stockholders for the three months ended December 31, 2022 totaled 243 million, an increase of 124 million, or 105 compared to the three months ended December 31, 2021. Net income per diluted common share for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 16.67, an increase of 38 over the three months ended December 31, 2021. The increases are primarily attributed to the CIT Merger. 
 Select items for the three months ended December 31, 2022 are mentioned above. 
 Return on average assets for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 0.93 , compared to 0.84 in the same quarter in 2021. 
 NII was 802 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 445 million, or 124 compared to the three months ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to the CIT Merger, as well as subsequent loan growth and rising interest rates, partially offset by a decline in interest income on SBA-PPP loans. 
 NIM was 3.36 for the three months ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 78 bps from 2.58 for the three months ended December 31, 2021. The increase reflected the higher interest rate environment and the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the CIT Merger. 
 Provision for credit losses for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 79 million, compared to a benefit of 5 million for the three months ended December 31, 2021. The increase primarily reflects the CIT Merger, as well as deterioration in the macroeconomic forecasts used in the CECL forecasting process and loan growth. The net charge-off ratio for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 0.14 , compared to a net recovery of 0.01 for the three months ended December 31, 2021. 
 Noninterest income for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 429 million, an increase of 315 million compared to 114 million for the three months ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due primarily to the added activity due to the CIT Merger, including rental income on operating leases totaling 224 million. 
 Noninterest expense for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 760 million, an increase of 437 million compared to 323 million for the three months ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily associated with the CIT Merger, including higher salaries and benefit costs of 159 million, primarily due to the increase in employees and 135 million of depreciation and maintenance costs associated with the operating lease equipment. 
 
 80 

Table 42 
 Average Balances and Rates 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 Change in NII Due to: Average Balance Income / Expense Yield / Rate Average Balance Income / Expense Yield / Rate Volume (1) 
 Yield /Rate (1) 
 Total Change Loans and leases (1)(2) 
 69,290 892 5.09 67,733 785 4.58 18 89 107 Total investment securities 18,876 92 1.95 19,119 90 1.88 (1) 3 2 Interest-earning deposits at banks 6,193 56 3.60 5,685 31 2.17 3 22 25 Total interest-earning assets (2) 
 94,359 1,040 4.36 92,537 906 3.87 20 114 134 Operating lease equipment, net 8,049 7,981 Cash and due from banks 500 489 Allowance for credit losses (886) (851) All other noninterest-earning assets 7,770 7,831 Total assets 109,792 107,987 Interest-bearing deposits: Checking with interest 15,985 13 0.24 16,160 7 0.14 6 6 Money market 21,200 60 1.13 22,993 32 0.55 (3) 31 28 Savings 15,831 69 1.73 13,956 28 0.78 4 37 41 Time deposits 9,516 34 1.42 8,436 11 0.54 2 21 23 Total interest-bearing deposits 62,532 176 1.12 61,545 78 0.50 3 95 98 Borrowings: Securities sold under customer repurchase agreements 514 0.27 617 1 0.16 (1) (1) Short-term FHLB borrowings 2,080 20 3.72 1,188 8 2.57 8 4 12 Short-term borrowings 2,594 20 3.04 1,805 9 1.74 7 4 11 Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 2,818 28 3.85 1,784 11 2.45 9 8 17 Senior unsecured borrowings 906 4 2.03 898 5 2.00 (1) (1) Subordinated debt 1,051 9 3.38 1,054 8 3.21 1 1 Other borrowings 25 1 6.57 67 4.51 1 1 Long-term borrowings 4,800 42 3.42 3,803 24 2.59 8 10 18 Total borrowings 7,394 62 3.28 5,608 33 2.32 15 14 29 Total interest-bearing liabilities 69,926 238 1.35 67,153 111 0.65 18 109 127 Noninterest-bearing deposits 26,510 26,877 Credit balances of factoring clients 1,174 1,089 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 2,561 2,369 Stockholders' equity 9,621 10,499 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 109,792 107,987 Interest rate spread (2) 
 3.01 3.22 Net interest income and net yield on interest-earning assets (2) 
 802 3.36 795 3.40 
 (1) Loans and leases include Non-PCD and PCD loans, nonaccrual loans and held for sale. Interest income on loans and leases includes accretion income and loan fees. 
 (2) The balance and rate presented is calculated net of average credit balances of factoring clients. 

81 

Fourth Quarter 2022 compared to Third Quarter 2022 
 NII for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 802 million, an increase of 7 million, or 1 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022. The increase was primarily due to a higher yield on earning assets and loan growth, partially offset by higher funding costs and average balances. 
 Interest income earned on loans and leases for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 892 million, an increase of 107 million compared to the third quarter of 2022. The increase was primarily due to higher yields and growth in the average loans and leases balance from 67.73 billion in the previous quarter to 69.29 billion in the current quarter. 
 Interest income earned on investment securities for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 92 million, an increase of 2 million compared to the third quarter of 2022. The slight increase was primarily due to higher reinvestment rates. 
 Interest income earned on interest earning deposits at banks for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 56 million, an increase of 25 million, primarily reflecting higher interest rates. 
 Interest expense on interest-bearing deposits for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 176 million, an increase of 98 million compared to the third quarter of 2022. The increase reflected higher deposit rates as well as the higher average balance, with the increase primarily concentrated in time deposits and savings accounts. 
 Interest expense on borrowings for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 62 million, an increase of 29 million compared to the third quarter of 2022. The increase was due to higher average FHLB borrowings that supplemented funding our loan growth. Due to the fourth quarter increase in deposits, we repaid some of the borrowings in the fourth quarter. 
 NIM for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 3.36 , a decrease of 4 bps from 3.40 for the three months ended September 30, 2022. The yield on earning assets increased by 49 basis points, but was offset by the increase to the cost of funding them. The cost of funding earning assets increased due to higher rates paid on interest bearing deposits and borrowings, as well as a mix shift between noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing deposits 
 Average interest-earning assets for the three months ended December 31, 2022 were 94.36 billion. This is an increase from 92.54 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2022, primarily reflecting higher average loans and leases. 
 Average interest-bearing liabilities for the three months ended December 31, 2022 were 69.93 billion. This is an increase from 67.15 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2022, primarily reflecting higher FHLB borrowings and deposits. The average rate on interest-bearing liabilities for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was 1.35 . This is an increase of 70 bps compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022, reflecting the higher interest rate environment. 

82 

GLOSSARY OF KEY TERMS 
 
 To assist the users of this document, we have added the following Glossary of key terms: 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses ACL reflects the estimated credit losses over the full remaining expected life of the portfolio. See CECL below. 
 
 Assets Held for Sale include loans and operating lease equipment that we no longer have the intent or ability to hold until maturity. As applicable, assets held for sale could also include a component of goodwill associated with portfolios or businesses held for sale. 
 
 Available Cash consists of the unrestricted portions of Cash and due from banks and Interest-bearing deposits at banks , excluding cash not accessible for liquidity, such as vault cash and deposits in transit. 
 
 Available for Sale is a classification that pertains to debt securities. We classify debt securities as available for sale when they are not considered trading securities, securities carried at fair value, or held-to-maturity securities. Available for sale securities are included in investment securities in the balance sheet. 
 
 Average Interest-Earning Assets is a measure that is the sum of average loans and leases (as defined below, less the credit balances of factoring clients), loans and leases held for sale, interest-bearing deposits at banks, and investment securities. Average interest earning assets is computed using daily balances. We use this average for certain key profitability ratios, including NIM (as defined below) for the respective period. 
 
 Average Loans and Leases is computed using daily balances and is used to measure the rate of return on loans and leases (finance leases) and the rate of net charge-offs, for the respective period. 
 
 Capital Conservation Buffer CCB is the excess 2.5 of each of the capital tiers that banks are required to hold in accordance with Basel III rules, above the minimum CET 1 Capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital requirements, designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1"), Additional Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital, Tier 2 Capital, and Total Capital are regulatory capital measures as defined in the capital adequacy guidelines issued by the Federal Reserve. CET1 is common stockholders' equity reduced by capital deductions such as goodwill, intangible assets and DTAs that arise from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and adjusted by elements of other comprehensive income and other items. Tier 1 Capital is Common Equity Tier 1 Capital plus other Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, including non-cumulative preferred stock. Total Capital consists of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital, which includes subordinated debt, and qualifying allowance for credit losses and other reserves. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Losses CECL is a forward-looking expected loss model used to estimate credit losses over the full remaining expected life of the portfolio. Estimates under the CECL model are based on relevant information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts regarding the collectability of reported amounts. Generally, the model requires that an ACL be estimated and recognized for financial assets measured at amortized cost within its scope. 
 
 Delinquent Loan categorization occurs when payment is not received when contractually due. Delinquent loan trends are used as a gauge of potential portfolio degradation or improvement. 
 
 Derivative Contract is a contract whose value is derived from a specified asset or an index, such as an interest rate. As the value of that asset or index changes, so does the value of the derivative contract. 
 
 Economic Value of Equity Sensitivity ("EVE Sensitivity") measures the net impact of hypothetical changes on the value of equity by assessing the economic value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments. 
 
 Finance leases - lessor is an agreement in which the party who owns the property (lessor), which is BancShares as part of our finance business, permits another party (lessee), which is our customer, to use the property with substantially all of the economic benefits and risks of asset ownership passed to the lessee. Finance leases are commonly known as sales-type leases and direct finance leases and are included in the consolidated balance sheet in the line Loans and leases. 
 
 83 

High Quality Liquid Securities HQLS consist of readily-marketable, unpledged securities, as well as securities pledged but not drawn against at the FHLB and available for sale, and generally is comprised of Treasury and Agency securities held outright or via reverse repurchase agreements. 
 
 Impaired Loan is a loan for which, based on current information and events, it is probable that BancShares will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan. 
 
 Interest income includes interest earned on loans, interest-bearing deposits at banks, debt investments and dividends on investments. 
 
 Liquid Assets includes Available Cash and HQLS. 
 
 Loans and Leases include loans, finance lease receivables, and factoring receivables, and do not include amounts contained within assets held for sale (unless otherwise noted) or operating leases. 
 
 Loan-to-Value Ratio ("LTV") is a calculation of a loan's collateral coverage that is used in underwriting and assessing risk in our lending portfolio. LTV is calculated as the total loan obligations (unpaid principal balance) secured by collateral divided by the fair value of the collateral. 
 
 Net Interest Income NII reflects Interest Income less interest expense on deposits and borrowings. When divided by average interest earning assets, the quotient is defined as Net Interest Margin ("NIM"). 
 
 Net Interest Income Sensitivity ("NII Sensitivity") measures the net impact of hypothetical changes in interest rates on forecasted NII. 
 
 Net Operating Loss Carryforward / Carryback ("NOLs") is a tax concept, whereby tax losses in one year can be used to offset taxable income in other years. The rules pertaining to the number of years allowed for the carryback or carryforward of an NOL varies by jurisdiction. 
 
 Non-accrual Loans include loans greater than or equal to 500,000 that are individually evaluated and determined to be impaired, as well as loans less than 500,000 that are delinquent (generally for 90 days or more), unless it is both well secured and in the process of collection. Non-accrual loans also include loans with revenue recognition on a cash basis because of deterioration in the financial position of the borrower. 
 
 Non-performing Assets include Non-accrual Loans , OREO, and repossessed assets. 
 
 Operating leases - lessor is a lease in which BancShares retains ownership of the asset (operating lease equipment, net), collects rental payments, recognizes depreciation on the asset, and retains the risks of ownership, including obsolescence. 
 
 Other Noninterest Income includes (1) fee income and other service charges, (2) wealth management services, (3) service charges on deposit accounts, (4) factoring commissions, (5) cardholder services, net, (6) merchant services, (7) insurance commissions, (8) realized gains and losses on investment securities available for sale, net, (9) fair value adjustment on marketable equity securities, net, (10) BOLI, (11) gains and losses on leasing equipment, net, (12) gain on acquisition, (13) gain and losses on extinguishments of debt, and (14) other noninterest income. 
 
 Other Real Estate Owned ("OREO") is a term applied to real estate properties owned by a financial institution and are considered non-performing assets. 
 
 Pledged Assets are those required under the collateral maintenance requirement in connection with borrowing availability at the FHLB, which are comprised primarily of consumer and commercial real estate loans and also include certain HQLS that are available for secured funding at the FHLB. 
 
 Purchase Accounting Adjustments PAA reflect the fair value adjustments to acquired assets and liabilities assumed in a business combination. 
 
 Purchased Credit Deteriorated PCD financial assets are acquired individual financial assets (or acquired groups of financial assets with similar risk characteristics) that as of the date of acquisition, have experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination, as determined by an acquirer s assessment. 
 
 84 

Regulatory Credit Classifications used by BancShares are as follows: 
 Pass A pass rated asset is not adversely classified because it does not display any of the characteristics for adverse classification; 
 Special Mention A special mention asset has potential weaknesses which deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, such potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects or collateral position at some future date. Special mention assets are not adversely classified and do not warrant adverse classification; 
 Substandard A substandard asset is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged, if any. Assets classified as substandard generally have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses, that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. These assets are characterized by the distinct possibility of loss if the deficiencies are not corrected; 
 Doubtful An asset classified as doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent in an asset classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values; and 
 Loss Assets classified as loss are considered uncollectible and of such little value it is inappropriate to be carried as an asset. This classification is not necessarily equivalent to any potential for recovery or salvage value, but rather it is not appropriate to defer a full charge-off even though partial recovery may be affected in the future. 
 
 Classified assets are rated as substandard, doubtful or loss based on the criteria outlined above. Classified assets can be accruing or on non-accrual depending on the evaluation of the relevant factors. Classified loans plus special mention loans are considered criticized loans. 
 
 Residual Values for finance leases represent the estimated value of equipment at the end of its lease term. For operating lease equipment, it is the value to which the asset is depreciated at the end of lease term or at the end of estimated useful life. 
 
 Right of Use Asset ROU Asset represents our right, as lessee, to use underlying assets for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the leases. 
 
 Risk Weighted Assets ("RWA") is the denominator to which CET1, Tier 1 Capital and Total Capital is compared to derive the respective risk based regulatory ratios. RWA is comprised of both on-balance sheet assets and certain off-balance sheet items (for example loan commitments, purchase commitments or derivative contracts). RWA items are adjusted by certain risk-weightings as defined by the regulators, which are based upon, among other things, the relative credit risk of the counterparty. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructuring ("TDR") occurs when a lender, for economic or legal reasons, grants a concession to the borrower related to the borrower's financial difficulties that it would not otherwise consider. 
 
 Variable Interest Entity ("VIE") is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or any other legal structure used to conduct activities or hold assets. These entities: lack sufficient equity investment at risk to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties; have equity owners who either do not have voting rights or lack the ability to make significant decisions affecting the entity's operations; and/or have equity owners that do not have an obligation to absorb the entity's losses or the right to receive the entity's returns. 
 
 Yield-related Fees are collected in connection with our assumption of underwriting risk in certain transactions in addition to interest income. We recognize yield-related origination fees in interest income over the life of the lending transaction and recognize yield-related prepayment fees when the loan is prepaid. 
 
 85 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding the financial condition, results of operations, business plans and future performance of BancShares. Words such as anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, predicts, forecasts, intends, plans, projects, targets, designed, could, may, should, will, potential, continue, aims or other similar words and expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on BancShares current expectations and assumptions regarding BancShares business, the economy, and other future conditions. 
 
 Because forward-looking statements relate to future results and occurrences, they are subject to inherent risks, uncertainties, changes in circumstances and other factors that are difficult to predict. Many possible events or factors could affect BancShares future financial results and performance and could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of BancShares to differ materially from any anticipated results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, general competitive, economic, political, geopolitical events (including the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine) and market conditions, the impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic on BancShares business, and customers, the financial success or changing conditions or strategies of BancShares customers or vendors, fluctuations in interest rates, actions of government regulators, including the recent and projected interest rate hikes by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board (the Federal Reserve ), the potential impact of decisions by the Federal Reserve on BancShares capital plans, adverse developments with respect to U.S. or global economic conditions , including the significant turbulence in the capital or financial markets, the impact of the current inflationary environment, the impact of implementation and compliance with current or proposed laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations, the availability of capital and personnel, and the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of BancShares previously announced acquisition transaction(s), including the recently-completed transaction with CIT, which acquisition risks include (1) disruption from the transaction, or recently completed mergers, with customer, supplier or employee relationships, (2) the possibility that the amount of the costs, fees, expenses and charges related to the transaction may be greater than anticipated, including as a result of unexpected or unknown factors, events or liabilities, (3) reputational risk and the reaction of the parties customers to the transaction, (4) the risk that the cost savings and any revenue synergies from the transaction may not be realized or take longer than anticipated to be realized, and (5) difficulties experienced in completing the integration of the businesses. 
 
 Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, BancShares disclaims any obligation to update such factors or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements included herein to reflect future events or developments. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Market risk is the potential economic loss resulting from changes in market prices and interest rates. This risk can either result in diminished current fair values of financial instruments or reduced NII in future periods. Changes in fair value that result from movement in market rates cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. Therefore, the impact that future changes in market rates will have on the fair values of financial instruments is uncertain. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, BancShares market risk profile had changed since December 31, 2021, primarily due to the CIT Merger. 
 
 Market risk information is set forth in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations within the Risk Management section and in Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements within Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation, Note 14 Derivative Financial Instruments and Note 16 Fair Value. 

86 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF PREDECESSOR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Stockholders and the Board of Directors 
 First Citizens BancShares, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the "Company") for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 

We served as the Company s auditor from 2004 to 2021. 
 
 Raleigh, North Carolina 
 February 24, 2021 

87 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 First Citizens BancShares, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

88 

Quantitative component of the allowance for credit losses for legacy First Citizens BancShares, Inc. loans and leases evaluated on a collective basis 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had an allowance for credit losses (ACL) of 922 million, which includes the quantitative component for loans evaluated on a collective basis for legacy First Citizens BancShares, Inc. loans and leases (the FCB quantitative collective ACL). Loans and leases are segregated into pools with similar risk characteristics, and each have a model that is utilized to estimate the quantitative collective ACL. The FCB quantitative collective ACL models estimate the probability of default (PD) and loss given default (LGD) for individual loans and leases within the risk pool based on historical loss experience, borrower characteristics, collateral type, forecasts of relevant economic conditions, expected future recoveries and other factors. Loan and lease level undiscounted ACL is calculated by applying the modeled PD and LGD to forecasted loan and lease balances which are adjusted for contractual payments, pre-payments, and prior defaults. The Company uses a life of loan reasonable and supportable forecast period which incorporates macroeconomic forecasts at the time of the evaluation. The Company s ACL forecasts utilize scenario weighting of a range of economic scenarios, including baseline, upside and downside scenarios. Model outputs may be adjusted through a qualitative assessment to reflect economic conditions and trends not captured within the models including credit quality, concentrations, and significant policy and underwriting changes. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the FCB quantitative collective ACL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment of the FCB quantitative collective ACL due to significant measurement uncertainty. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the methodology, including the models used to estimate the PD and LGD, the selection of the economic scenarios, and the weighting of each economic scenario. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD and LGD models. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the FCB quantitative collective ACL including controls related to the: 
 development and approval of the ACL methodology 
 continued use and appropriateness of changes to the PD and LGD models, including the significant assumptions used in the PD and LGD models 
 selection of the economic scenarios and the weighting of each economic scenario 
 performance monitoring of the PD and LGD models 
 analysis of the ACL results, trends, and ratios. 
 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the FCB quantitative collective ACL by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 evaluating the FCB quantitative collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the assessment and performance testing of the PD and LGD models by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices 
 assessing the conceptual soundness of the PD and LGD models by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the models are suitable for their intended use 
 evaluating the selection of the economic scenarios and the weighting applied to each economic scenario by comparing them to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 
 
 We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the FCB quantitative collective ACL by evaluating the: 
 cumulative results of the audit procedures 
 qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices 
 potential bias in the accounting estimate. 
 
 89 

Quantitative component of the allowance for credit losses for loans and leases evaluated on a collective basis acquired in the merger with CIT as of the date of the merger and as of year-end 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, on January 3, 2022, First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (the Company) closed on a merger transaction with CIT Group Inc. The Company s allowance for credit losses (ACL) on legal day one (LD1) for the CIT acquired loans and leases was 726 million, which includes the quantitative component for loans and leases evaluated on a collective basis at January 3, 2022 (the LD1 CIT quantitative collective ACL). As discussed in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s ACL was 922 million, which includes the quantitative component for loans and leases evaluated on a collective basis for legacy CIT Group (together with the LD1 CIT quantitative collective ACL, the CIT quantitative collective ACL). Loans and leases are segregated into pools with similar risk characteristics, and each have a model that is utilized to estimate the quantitative collective ACL. The CIT quantitative collective ACL models estimate the probability of default (PD) and loss given default (LGD) for individual loans within the risk pool based on historical loss experience, borrower characteristics, collateral type, forecasts of relevant economic conditions, expected future recoveries, loan grades and other factors. Loan level undiscounted ACL is calculated by applying the modeled PD and LGD to forecasted loan balances which are adjusted for contractual payments, pre-payments, and prior defaults. The Company uses a life of loan reasonable and supportable forecast period which incorporates macroeconomic forecasts at the time of the evaluation. The CIT quantitative collective ACL forecasts utilize scenario weighting of a range of economic scenarios, including baseline, upside and downside scenarios. Model outputs may be adjusted through a qualitative assessment to reflect economic conditions and trends not captured within the models including credit quality, concentrations, and significant policy and underwriting changes. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the CIT quantitative collective ACL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment due to significant measurement uncertainty. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the methodology, including the methods and models used to estimate the PD and LGD, the selection of the economic scenarios, and the weighting of each economic scenario. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD and LGD models. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained. 
 
 The following are primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the CIT quantitative collective ACL including controls related to the: 
 development and approval of the CIT quantitative collective ACL methodology 
 continued use and appropriateness of changes to the PD and LGD models, including the significant assumptions used in the PD and LGD models 
 selection of the economic scenarios and the weighting of each economic scenario 
 performance monitoring of the PD and LGD models 
 analysis of the ACL results, trends and ratios 
 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the CIT quantitative collective ACL by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 evaluating the CIT quantitative collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the assessment and performance testing of the PD and LGD models by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices. 
 assessing the conceptual soundness of the PD and LGD models by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the models are suitable for their intended use 
 evaluating the selection of the economic scenarios and the weighting applied to each economic scenario by comparing them to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 

90 

We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the CIT quantitative collective ACL by evaluating the: 
 cumulative results of the audit procedures 
 qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices 
 potential bias in the accounting estimate 
 Valuation of loans and leases, rail operating lease equipment and the core deposit intangible acquired in the merger with CIT 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, on January 3, 2022, First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (the Company) closed on a merger transaction with CIT Group Inc. (the Merger). The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are required to be measured at fair value at the date of acquisition under the purchase method of accounting. The Company acquired loans and leases with a fair value of 33 billion, rail operating lease equipment of 8 billion and established a core deposit intangible (CDI) asset with a fair value of 143 million. 
 The fair value of the acquired loans and leases is based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considered factors including the type of loan and related collateral, fixed or variable interest rate, remaining term, and certain assumptions including market implied credit losses (probability of default, loss given default), discount rates, and prepayment rates. 
 The fair value of the rail operating lease equipment is based primarily on a cost approach that considers factors including the railcar type, age, leasing status and certain assumptions including replacement cost, functional and economic obsolescence and salvage values. For certain rail operating lease equipment, a market approach was used that considers factors including railcar type, age and certain assumptions including estimated sales values and salvage values. 
 The fair value of the CDI asset is based on an income approach, after-tax savings method. This method estimates the fair value by discounting to present value the favorable funding spread attributable to the core deposit balances. The favorable funding spread is calculated as the difference in the alternative cost of funds and the net deposit cost whereby projected net cash flow benefits are derived from estimating costs to carry deposits compared to alternative funding costs, and certain assumptions including the discount rates, interest costs, deposit attrition rates, alternative costs of funds, and net maintenance costs. 
 
 We identified the valuation of the acquired loans and leases, rail operating lease equipment and CDI asset in the Merger as a critical audit matter. Specifically, the evaluation of the methodologies and the determination of certain assumptions used to estimate the fair values involved a high degree of auditor judgment and specialized skills and knowledge. Such assumptions included the market implied credit losses, discount rates, and prepayment rates for the loans and leases; the replacement costs and the functional and economic obsolescence for the rail operating lease equipment; and the discount rate for the CDI asset. These assumptions required subjective auditor judgment as changes in the assumptions could have a significant impact on the estimated fair value. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the process to measure the estimate of fair values of the acquired loans and leases, the rail operating lease equipment and the CDI asset, including controls over: 
 evaluating the fair value methodologies 
 determining the market implied credit losses, discount rates, and prepayment rates for the loans and leases 
 determining the replacement costs and the functional and economic obsolescence for the rail operating lease equipment 
 determining the discount rate for the CDI asset 
 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the fair values of the acquired loans and leases, the rail operating lease equipment and the CDI asset by testing certain sources of data and assumptions that the Company used and considered the relevance and reliability of such data and assumptions. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the Company s estimate of these fair values by: 
 evaluating the valuation methodologies used by the Company to estimate the fair values for reasonableness and compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 

91 

Specific to the acquired loans and leases: 
 developing independent ranges of fair value for certain acquired loans and leases, including the development of independent assumptions utilizing market data for implied credit loss, discount rate and prepayment rate assumptions 
 assessing the Company s estimate of fair value for certain acquired loans and leases by comparing them to the independently developed rangesSpecific to the rail operating lease equipment: 
 developing independent assumptions for replacement costs on rail operating lease equipment by assessing market information from third-party sources 
 evaluating the Company s process for developing the functional and economic obsolescence, including the criteria used to determine extent of obsolescence, for reasonableness 
 developing independent ranges of fair value for certain acquired rail operating lease equipment using multiple approaches and comparing the Company s estimate to the independently developed estimates 
 
 Specific to the CDI asset: 
 evaluating the Company s process for developing the discount rate, by assessing the approach used to derive the assumption, reviewing the peer group used to determine the market beta for comparability, assessing market information from third-party sources and developing the size premium and company specific risk premiums and comparing to those selected by management 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 Raleigh, North Carolina 
 February 24, 2023 
 92 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 First Citizens BancShares, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

93 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

Raleigh, North Carolina 
 February 24, 2023 
 94 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

dollars in millions, except share data December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits at banks Investment in marketable equity securities (cost of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) 
 Investment securities available for sale (cost of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) 
 Investment securities held to maturity (fair value of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) 
 Assets held for sale Loans and leases Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans and leases, net of allowance for credit losses Operating lease equipment, net Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Credit balances of factoring clients Borrowings: Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Total borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity Preferred stock - par value shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021) 
 Common stock: Class A - par value shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Class B - par value shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021) 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

95 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Year ended December 31 dollars in millions, except share and per share data 2022 2021 2020 Interest income Interest and fees on loans Interest on investment securities Interest on deposits at banks Total interest income Interest expense Deposits Borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Rental income on operating lease equipment Fee income and other service charges Wealth management services Service charges on deposit accounts Factoring commissions Cardholder services, net Merchant services, net Insurance commissions Realized gain on sale of investment securities available for sale, net Fair value adjustment on marketable equity securities, net ) Bank-owned life insurance Gain on sale of leasing equipment, net Gain on acquisition Gain on extinguishment of debt Other noninterest income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Depreciation on operating lease equipment Maintenance and other operating lease expenses Salaries and benefits Net occupancy expense Equipment expense Professional fees Third-party processing fees FDIC insurance expense Marketing expense Merger-related expenses Intangible asset amortization Other noninterest expense Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common stockholders Earnings per common share Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 96 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Year ended December 31 dollars in millions 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Net unrealized (loss) gain on securities available for sale ) ) Net change in unrealized loss on securities available for sale transferred to securities held to maturity ) Net change in defined benefit pension items ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

97 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

dollars in millions, except share data Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect of adoption of ASC 326 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Issuance of preferred stock Repurchased shares of Class A common stock 
 ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share): 
 Class A common stock ) ) Class B common stock ) ) Preferred stock dividends declared ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share): 
 Class A common stock ) ) Class B common stock ) ) Preferred stock dividends declared ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issued in CIT Merger: Common stock Series B preferred stock Series C preferred stock Stock-based compensation Repurchased shares of Class A common stock 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share): 
 Class A common stock ) ) Class B common stock ) ) Preferred stock dividends declared: Series A ) ) Series B ) ) Series C ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 98 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, dollars in millions 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) Depreciation, amortization, and accretion, net Stock based compensation expense Realized gain on sale of investment securities available for sale, net ) ) Fair value adjustment on marketable equity securities, net ) ) Gain on sale of loans, net ) ) ) Gain on sale of operating lease equipment, net ) Loss on sale of premises and equipment, net (Gain) loss on other real estate owned, net ) ) Gain on acquisition ) Gain on extinguishment of debt ) Origination of loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale Net change in other assets ) ) Net change in other liabilities ) Other operating activities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Net decrease (increase) in interest-earning deposits at banks ) ) Purchase of marketable equity securities ) ) Proceeds from sales of investments in marketable equity securities Purchase of investment securities available for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of investment securities available for sale Proceeds from sale of investment securities available for sale Purchase of investment securities held to maturity ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of investment securities held to maturity Net change in loans ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans Net decrease in credit balances of factoring clients ) Purchase of operating lease equipment ) Proceeds from sale of operating lease equipment Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Other investing activities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net increase (decrease) in time deposits ) ) Net (decrease) increase in demand and other interest-bearing deposits ) Net decrease in securities sold under customer repurchase agreements ) ) ) Repayment of short-term borrowings ) Proceeds from issuance of short-term borrowings Repayment of long-term borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term borrowings Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Repurchase of Class A common stock ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Other financing activities ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Change in cash and due from banks ) ) Cash and due from banks at beginning of year Cash and due from banks at end of year 
 99 

Year Ended December 31, dollars in millions 2022 2021 2020 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid (refunded) during the period for: Interest Income taxes ) Significant non-cash investing and financing activities: Transfers of loans to other real estate Transfers of premises and equipment to other real estate Transfer of investment securities available for sale to held to maturity Dividends declared but not paid Transfer of assets from held for investment to held for sale Transfer of assets from held for sale to held for investment Loans held for sale exchanged for investment securities Commitments extended during the period on affordable housing investment credits Issuance of common stock as consideration for acquisition Stock-based compensation as consideration for acquisition Issuance of preferred stock as consideration for acquisition 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 100 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 
 
 branches in states, predominantly located in the Southeast, Mid-Atlantic, Midwest and Western United States. BancShares provides various types of commercial and consumer banking services, including lending, leasing and wealth management services. Deposit services include checking, savings, money market and time deposit accounts. 
 
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

See Note 2 Business Combinations for additional information. 
 101 

Note 23 Business Segment Information for additional information. 
 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

102 

See Note 10 Other Assets and Note 12 Variable Interest Entities for additional information. 
 
 million carried at fair value and commercial loans held for sale of million carried at the lower of the cost or fair value LOCOM ). The remainder related to operating lease equipment held for sale, which is carried at LOCOM. AHFS at December 31, 2021 consist of residential mortgage loans held for sale of million carried at fair value. 
 
 103 

104 

105 

Leases 
 
 billion, primarily related to the Rail segment. Operating lease equipment is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Operating lease equipment is depreciated to its estimated residual value using the straight-line method over the lease term or estimated useful life of the asset. Rail equipment has estimated useful lives of - years and the useful lives of other equipment are generally - years. 
 
 Where management s intention is to sell the operating lease equipment, it is marked to LOCOM and classified as AHFS. Depreciation is no longer recognized, and the assets are evaluated for impairment, with any further marks to LOCOM recorded in other noninterest income. Equipment received at the end of the lease to be sold, is marked to LOCOM with the adjustment recorded in other noninterest income. Initial direct costs are amortized over the lease term. 
 
 Sales-type and direct financing leases are carried at the aggregate of lease payments receivable and estimated residual value of the leased property, if applicable, less unearned income. Interest income is recognized over the term of the leases to achieve a constant periodic rate of return on the outstanding investment. Our finance lease activity primarily relates to leasing of new equipment with the equipment purchase price equal to fair value and therefore there is no selling profit or loss at lease commencement. 
 
 Lease components are separated from non-lease components that transfer a good or service to the customer; and the non-lease components in our lease contracts are accounted for in accordance with ASC 310 Receivables . BancShares utilizes the operating lease practical expedient for its Rail portfolio leases to not separate non-lease components of railcar maintenance services from associated lease components, and as a result rental income includes the maintenance non-lease component. This practical expedient is available when both of the following are met: (i) the timing and pattern of transfer of the non-lease components and associated lease component are the same and (ii) the lease component, if accounted for separately, would be classified as an operating lease. 

106 

to years. The exercise of lease renewal options is at BancShares' sole discretion. When it is reasonably certain BancShares will exercise its option to renew or extend the lease term, the option is included in calculating the value of the ROU asset and lease liability. The depreciable life of assets and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected lease term, unless there is a transfer of title or purchase option reasonably certain of exercise. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no leases that have not yet commenced that would have a material impact on BancShares consolidated financial statements. See Note 6 Leases for additional information. 

. 
 
 107 

108 

Note 14 Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information. 

See Note 16 Fair Value for additional information. 

See Note 20 Earnings Per Common Share for additional information. 

109 

Refer to Note 21 Income Taxes, for additional disclosures. 

exchange ratio (the Exchange Ratio and (ii) the BancShares RSUs became subject to the same terms and conditions (including vesting terms, payment timing and rights to receive dividend equivalents) applicable to the CIT RSUs and CIT PSUs, except that vesting for the converted CIT PSUs was no longer subject to any performance goals or metrics. Upon completion of the CIT Merger, the fair value of the BancShares RSUs was determined based on the closing share price of the Parent Company s Class A Common Stock (the Class A Common Stock on January 3, 2022. The fair value of the BancShares RSUs is (i) included in the purchase price consideration for the portion related to employee services provided prior to completion of the CIT Merger and (ii) recognized in expenses for the portion related to employee services to be provided after completion of the CIT Merger. For graded vesting awards, each vesting tranche of the award is amortized separately as if each were a separate award. For cliff vesting awards, compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period. BancShares recognizes the effect of forfeitures in compensation expense when they occur. In the event of involuntary termination of employees after the Merger Date (as defined below), vesting occurs on the employee termination date for BancShares RSUs subject to change in control provisions. Expenses related to stock-based compensation are included in merger-related expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Stock-based compensation is discussed further in Note 22 Employee Benefit Plans. 
 
 Members of the CIT Board of Directors had RSU awards, stock settled annual awards, and deferred stock-settled annual awards (collectively, the CIT Director Equity Awards ), which vested immediately upon the completion of the CIT Merger. The fair value of the CIT Director Equity Awards was determined based on the Exchange Ratio and the closing share price of the Class A Common Stock on January 3, 2022, and was included in the purchase price consideration disclosed in Note 2 Business Combinations. 

110 

111 

Newly Adopted Accounting Standards 
 The following pronouncements or ASUs were issued by the FASB and adopted by BancShares as of January 1, 2022. 
 ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity - Issued August 2020 
 The amendments in this ASU reduce the number of models used to account for convertible instruments, amend diluted earnings per share calculations for convertible instruments, amend the requirements for a contract (or embedded derivative) that is potentially settled in an entity s own shares to be classified in equity, and expand disclosure requirements for convertible instruments. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on BancShares consolidated financial statements and disclosures as BancShares does not have any convertible instruments within the scope of this ASU. 
 ASU 2021-04, Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options - Issued May 2021 
 The amendments in this ASU clarify an issuer's accounting for certain modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options (for example, warrants) that remain equity classified after modification or exchange. The ASU requires that such modifications or exchanges be treated as an exchange of the original instrument for a new instrument. An issuer should measure the effect of such modifications or exchanges based on analysis of the difference between the fair value of the modified instrument and the fair value of that instrument immediately before modification or exchange. Recognition of a modification or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option is then based upon the substance of the transaction. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on BancShares consolidated financial statements and disclosures as BancShares currently does not have any freestanding equity-classified written call options within the scope of this ASU. 
 ASU 2021-05, Leases, (Topic 842), Lessors - Certain Leases with Variable Lease Payments - Issued July 2021 
 The amendments in this ASU improve lessor accounting for certain leases with variable lease payments so that lessors are no longer required to recognize a day-one selling loss upon lease commencement when specified criteria are met. Specifically, this ASU requires a lessor to classify a lease with variable payments that do not depend on a reference index or a rate as an operating lease if classifying the lease as a sales-type lease or a direct financing lease would result in the recognition of a day-one selling loss at lease commencement. A day-one selling loss is not recognized under operating lease accounting. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on BancShares consolidated financial statements and disclosures as BancShares has not originated finance leases which required a day-one selling loss at lease commencement. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 ASU 2022-02 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures- Issued March 2022 
 For creditors that have adopted CECL, the amendments in this ASU: (i) eliminate the previous recognition and measurement guidance for TDRs, (ii) require new disclosures for loan modifications when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty (the Modification Disclosures and (iii) require disclosures of current period gross charge-offs by year of origination in the vintage disclosures (the Gross Charge-off Vintage Disclosures ). 
 The Modification Disclosures apply to the following modification types: principal forgiveness, interest rate reductions, other-than-insignificant payment delays, term extensions, or a combination thereof. Creditors will be required to disclose the following by loan class: (i) amounts and relative percentages of each modification type, (ii) the financial effect of each modification type, including the amount of principal forgiveness and reduction in weighted average interest rate, (iii) the performance of the loan in the 12 months following the modification and (iv) qualitative information discussing how the modifications factored into the determination of the ACL. 
 BancShares adopted ASU 2022-02 as of January 1, 2023 and elected to apply the modified retrospective transition method for ACL recognition and measurement. As a result of adopting this ASU, BancShares does not expect a material change to its ACL related to loans previously modified as a TDR and, therefore, does not expect a material cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings as of January 1, 2023. The Modification Disclosures and Gross Charge-off Vintage Disclosures are required to be applied prospectively, beginning in BancShares Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as of and for the three months ending March 31, 2023. 
 112 

NOTE 2 
 
 per share CIT Common Stock ), issued and outstanding, except for certain shares of CIT Common Stock owned by CIT or BancShares, was converted into the right to receive shares of Class A Common Stock, par value per share, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares of Class A Common Stock. The Parent Company issued approximately million shares of Class A Common Stock in connection with the consummation of the CIT Merger. The closing share price of Class A Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was on January 3, 2022. The purchase price consideration related to the issuance of Class A Common Stock was billion. There were approximately fractional shares for which the Parent Company paid cash of million. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, each issued and outstanding share of fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series A, par value per share, of CIT CIT Series A Preferred Stock and each issued and outstanding share of non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series B, par value per share, of CIT CIT Series B Preferred Stock and together with CIT Series A Preferred Stock, CIT Preferred Stock ), converted into the right to receive share of a newly created series of preferred stock, series B, of the Parent Company BancShares Series B Preferred Stock and share of a newly created series of preferred stock, series C, of the Parent Company BancShares Series C Preferred Stock and together with the BancShares Series B Preferred Stock, the New BancShares Preferred Stock ), respectively, having such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions, taken as a whole, that are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions, taken as a whole, of the CIT Series A Preferred Stock and the CIT Series B Preferred Stock, respectively. The non-callable period for the New BancShares Preferred Stock is January 4, 2027, which is from the original issuance date of the New BancShares Preferred Stock. There are shares of BancShares Series B Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share, resulting in a total liquidation preference of million. There are million shares of BancShares Series C Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share, resulting in a total liquidation preference of million. The New BancShares Preferred Stock qualifies as Tier 1 capital. The purchase price consideration related to the fair value of the New BancShares Preferred Stock was million. 
 
 CIT RSUs and PSUs converted to BancShares RSUs, and CIT Director Equity Awards immediately vested upon completion of the CIT Merger, as further described in the Stock-Based Compensation discussion in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. The aggregate purchase price consideration related to these compensation awards was million. 
 
 The CIT Merger has been accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values based on the acquisition date. The determination of estimated fair values required management to make certain estimates about discount rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions at the time of the merger and other future events that are highly subjective in nature. Purchase accounting could change until management finalized its analysis of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, up to one year from the Merger Date. As of December 31, 2022, fair value measurements were finalized. 

113 

Price per share on January 3, 2022 Common stock consideration Preferred stock consideration Stock-based compensation consideration Cash in lieu of fractional shares and other consideration paid Purchase price consideration Assets Cash and interest-earning deposits at banks Investment securities Assets held for sale Loans and leases Operating lease equipment Bank-owned life insurance Intangible assets Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities Deposits Borrowings Credit balances of factoring clients Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Fair value of net assets acquired Gain on acquisition 
 
 BancShares recorded a gain on acquisition of million in noninterest income, representing the excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the purchase price. The gain on acquisition is not taxable. 
 
 The following is a description of the methods used to determine the estimated fair values of significant assets acquired and liabilities assumed as presented above. 
 
 Cash and interest-earning deposits at banks 
 For financial instruments with a short-term or no stated maturity, prevailing market rates and limited credit risk, carrying amounts approximate fair value. 
 
 Investment securities 
 Fair values for investment securities were based on quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices were not available, fair value estimates were based on observable inputs including quoted market prices for similar instruments, quoted market prices that are not in an active market or other inputs that are observable in the market. In the absence of observable inputs, fair value was estimated based on pricing models and/or discounted cash flows methodologies. 
 
 Assets held for sale and loans and leases 
 Fair values for loans were based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considered factors including the type of loan and related collateral, fixed or variable interest rate, remaining term, credit quality ratings or scores, amortization status and current discount rate. Selected larger, impaired loans were specifically reviewed to evaluate credit risk. Loans with similar risk characteristics were pooled together when applying various valuation techniques. The discount rates used for loans were based on an evaluation of current market rates for new originations of comparable loans and required rates of return for market participants to purchase similar assets, including adjustments for liquidity and credit quality when necessary. 

114 

million as discussed further in Note 4 Loans and Leases. 
 
 Loans Acquired 
 dollars in millions Loans and Leases UPB Fair Value Non-PCD loans and leases PCD loans and leases Total loans and leases 
 
 Operating Lease Equipment 
 Operating lease equipment were comprised of two sub-groups: rail and non-rail equipment. Fair values for both were based on the cost approach where market values were not available. The sales approach was used to value rail assets where market information was available, or when replacement cost less depreciation was lower than the current market value. An intangible liability was recorded for net below market lease contracts rental rates, for which fair value was estimated using the income approach and market lease rates and other key inputs. 
 
 A discount was recorded for operating lease equipment, which includes railcars, locomotives and other equipment, to reduce it to fair value. This adjustment will reduce depreciation expense over the remaining useful lives of the equipment on a straight-line basis. The intangible liability (see Note 8 Goodwill and Other Intangibles) will be amortized, thereby increasing rental income (a component of noninterest income) over the remaining term of the lease agreements on a straight-line basis. 
 
 Bank Owned Life Insurance 
 The fair values of BOLI policies were determined by the policy administrator and calculated based on the net present value of investment cash flows. Expected premium payments, death benefits and expected mortality were considered in the net present value calculation. Based upon the administrator s analysis and management s review of the analysis, fair value was determined to equate to book value as of the merger date. 
 
 Intangible assets 
 years Straight-line 
 Certain core deposits were acquired as part of the CIT Merger, which provide an additional source of funds for BancShares. The core deposit intangibles represent the costs saved by BancShares by acquiring the core deposits rather than sourcing the funds elsewhere. This intangible was valued using the income approach, after-tax cost savings method. This method estimates the fair value by discounting to present value the favorable funding spread attributable to the core deposit balances over their estimated average remaining life. The favorable funding spread is calculated as the difference in the alternative cost of funds and the net deposit cost. Refer to Note 8 Goodwill and Other Intangibles for further discussion. 

115 

Right of use assets Premises and equipment Fair value of derivative financial instruments Counterparty receivables Other Total other assets 
 The fair values of the tax credit investments considered the ongoing equity installments that are regularly allocated to each of the underlying tax credit funds comprising the low-income housing tax credits investments, along with changes to projected tax benefits and the impact this has on future capital contributions, and an appropriately determined discount rate. The fair value of the investments in unconsolidated entities was valued using the income approach. 
 
 The right of use asset associated with real estate operating leases were measured at the same amount as the lease liability as adjusted to reflect favorable or unfavorable terms of the lease when compared with market terms. The lease liability was measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments, as if the acquired lease were a new lease of the acquirer at the acquisition date and using BancShares incremental borrowing rate. The lease term was determined for individual leases based on management s assessment of the probability of exercising the existing renewal, termination and/or purchase option. 
 
 Fair values for property, including leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures, computer software and other digital equipment were determined using the cost approach. Certain tangible assets that are expected to be sold in the short term were reported at net book. Real estate property, such as land and buildings, was valued using the sales comparison approach, where sales of comparable properties are adjusted for differences to estimate the value of each subject property. 
 
 The fair values of the derivative financial instruments, as well as counterparty receivables, were valued using prices of financial instruments with similar characteristics and observable inputs. 
 
 Deposits 
 The fair values for time deposits were estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis whereby the contractual remaining cash flows were discounted using market rates currently being offered for time deposits of similar maturities. For transactional deposits, carrying amounts approximate fair value. 
 
 Borrowings 
 In connection with the CIT Merger, BancShares assumed the outstanding borrowings of CIT. The fair values of borrowings were estimated based on readily observable prices using reliable market sources. 
 
 Credit balances of Factoring Clients 
 Credit balance amounts represent short-term payables that are tied to the factoring receivables. Due to the short-term nature of these payables and given that amounts are settled at book value, it was determined that the carrying value is equivalent to fair value. 
 
 Other Liabilities 
 Other liabilities include items such as accounts payable and accrued liabilities, lease liabilities, current and deferred taxes, commitments to fund tax credit investments and other miscellaneous liabilities. The fair value of lease liabilities was measured using the present value of remaining lease payments, using BancShares discount rate at the merger date. The fair value of the remaining liabilities was determined to approximate book value. For all accrued liabilities and accounts payable, it was determined that the carrying value equals book value. 

116 

billion, billion and million, respectively, attributable to the acquisition of CIT were included in BancShares Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. CIT s interest income, noninterest income and net income noted above reflect management s best estimates, based on information available at the reporting date. 
 
 The following table presents certain unaudited pro forma financial information for illustrative purposes only, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as if CIT had been acquired on January 1, 2021. The unaudited estimated pro forma information combines the historical results of CIT and BancShares and includes certain pro forma adjustments. The key pro forma adjustments relate to the following items that were recognized in BancShares Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022, but were reflected in 2021 for the pro forma financial information: (i) provision for credit losses of million related to the Non-PCD loans and leases and unfunded commitments; (ii) merger-related expenses of million; (iii) estimated PAA accretion and amortization related to fair value adjustments and intangibles associated with the CIT Merger; and (iv) million gain on acquisition. BancShares expects to achieve operating cost savings and other business synergies as a result of the acquisition that are not reflected in the pro forma amounts that follow. The pro forma information should not be relied upon as being indicative of the historical results of operations that would have occurred had the acquisition taken place on January 1, 2021. Actual results may differ from the unaudited pro forma information presented below and the differences could be significant. 
 
 Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information for Consolidated BancShares 
 Noninterest income Net income 
 
 117 

NOTE 3 
 
 ) Government agency ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate bonds ) Total investment securities available for sale ) Investment in marketable equity securities ) Investment securities held to maturity U.S. Treasury ) Government agency ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Supranational securities ) Other Total investment securities held to maturity ) Total investment securities ) December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Investment securities available for sale U.S. Treasury ) Government agency ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate bonds ) Total investment securities available for sale ) Investment in marketable equity securities Investment securities held to maturity Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Other Total investment securities held to maturity ) Total investment securities ) 
 
 Investments in mortgage-backed securities represent securities issued by the Government National Mortgage Association, Federal National Mortgage Association and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation. U.S. Treasury investments represents T-bills and Notes issued by the U.S. Treasury. Investments in government agency securities represent securities issued by the Small Business Association, FHLB and other agencies. Investments in supranational securities represent securities issued by the Supranational Entities and Multilateral Development Banks. Investments in corporate bonds represent positions in debt securities of other financial institutions. Investments in marketable equity securities represent positions in common stock of publicly traded financial institutions. Other held to maturity investments include certificates of deposit with other financial institutions. 
 
 118 

shares of Class B common stock of Visa. Until the resolution of certain litigation, at which time the Visa Class B common stock will convert to publicly traded Visa Class A common stock, these shares are only transferable to other stockholders of Visa Class B common stock. As a result, there is limited transfer activity in private transactions between buyers and sellers. Given this limited trading activity and the continuing uncertainty regarding the likelihood, ultimate timing and eventual exchange rate for shares of Visa Class B common stock into shares of Visa Class A common stock, these shares are not considered to have a readily determinable fair value and have no carrying value. BancShares continues to monitor the trading activity in Visa Class B common stock and the status of the resolution of certain litigation matters at Visa that would trigger the conversion of the Visa Class B common stock into Visa Class A common stock. 
 
 Accrued interest receivables for available for sale and held to maturity debt securities were excluded from the estimate for credit losses. At December 31, 2022, accrued interest receivables for available for sale and held to maturity debt securities were million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2021, accrued interest receivables for available for sale and held to maturity debt securities were million and million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was accrued interest that was deemed uncollectible and written off against interest income. 
 
 After one through five years After five through 10 years After 10 years Government agency Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Total investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Non-amortizing securities maturing in: One year or less After one through five years After five through 10 years Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Total investment securities held to maturity 
 
 119 

Dividend income - marketable equity securities Interest on investment securities 
 
 Gross realized losses on sales of investment securities available for sale ) Net realized gains on sales of investment securities available for sale 
 
 The following table provides the fair value adjustment on marketable equity securities: 
 
 Fair Value Adjustment on Marketable Equity Securities 
 dollars in millions Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Fair value adjustment on marketable equity securities, net ) 
 
 ) ) ) Government agency ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Total ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Investment securities available for sale U.S. Treasury ) ) Government agency ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 120 

investment securities available for sale with continuous unrealized losses for more than 12 months, of which were government sponsored enterprise-issued mortgage-backed securities or government agency securities and the remaining related to corporate bonds. None of the unrealized losses identified as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021, relate to the issuer s ability to honor redemption obligations. Rather, the unrealized losses relate to changes in interest rates relative to when the investment securities were purchased, and do not indicate credit-related impairment. BancShares considered other factors including changes in credit ratings, delinquencies, and other macroeconomic factors in this determination. As a result, none of the available for sale securities were deemed to require an ACL. BancShares has the ability and intent to retain these securities for a period of time sufficient to recover all unrealized losses. 
 
 BancShares portfolio of held to maturity debt securities consists of mortgage-backed securities issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, U.S. Treasury notes, unsecured bonds issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, securities issued by the Supranational Entities and Multilateral Development Banks and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC guaranteed CDs with other financial institutions. Given the consistently strong credit rating of the U.S. Treasury, the Supranational Entities and Multilateral Development Banks and the long history of no credit losses on debt securities issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no ACL was required for held to maturity debt securities. 
 
 Investment securities having an aggregate carrying value of billion at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021, were pledged as collateral to secure public funds on deposit and certain short-term borrowings, and for other purposes as required by law. 
 
 A security is considered past due once it is days contractually past due under the terms of the agreement. There were securities past due as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 There were debt securities held to maturity on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Certain investments held by BancShares were recorded in other assets. BancShares held FHLB stock of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; these securities are recorded at cost. BancShares held million and million of nonmarketable securities without readily determinable fair values, which are measured at cost at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Investments in qualified affordable housing projects, all of which qualify for the proportional amortization method, were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

121 

NOTE 4 
 
 Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Leases Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Consumer auto Consumer other Total consumer Total loans and leases 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest receivable on loans included in other assets was million and million, respectively, and was excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 Net unamortized discount on purchased loans Non-PCD PCD Total net unamortized discount 

122 

days past due are considered current, as various grace periods allow borrowers to make payments within a stated period after the due date and remain in compliance with the respective agreement. 
 
 Loans and Leases - Delinquency Status 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or Greater Total Past Due Current Total Commercial Commercial construction Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Leases Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Consumer auto Consumer other Total consumer Total loans and leases December 31, 2021 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or Greater Total Past Due Current Total Commercial Commercial construction Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Leases Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Consumer auto Consumer other Total consumer Total loans and leases 
 123 

Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Leases Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Consumer auto Consumer other Total consumer Total loans and leases 
 (1) Accrued interest that was reversed when the loan went to non-accrual status was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Non-accrual loans for which there was no related ACL totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 OREO and repossessed assets were million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Credit quality indicators 
 Loans and leases are monitored for credit quality on a recurring basis. Commercial loans and leases and consumer loans have different credit quality indicators as a result of the unique characteristics of the loan classes being evaluated. The credit quality indicators for commercial loans and leases are developed through a review of individual borrowers on an ongoing basis. Commercial loans are evaluated periodically with more frequent evaluations done on criticized loans. The indicators as of the date presented are based on the most recent assessment performed and are defined below: 
 
 Pass A pass rated asset is not adversely classified because it does not display any of the characteristics for adverse classification. 
 
 Special mention A special mention asset has potential weaknesses which deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, such potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects or collateral position at some future date. Special mention assets are not adversely classified and do not warrant adverse classification. 
 
 Substandard A substandard asset is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged, if any. Assets classified as substandard generally have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses, that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. These assets are characterized by the distinct possibility of loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 
 Doubtful An asset classified as doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent in an asset classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values. 
 Loss Assets classified as loss are considered uncollectible and of such little value it is inappropriate to be carried as an asset. This classification is not necessarily equivalent to any potential for recovery or salvage value, but rather it is not appropriate to defer a full charge-off even though partial recovery may be affected in the future. 
 Ungraded Ungraded loans represent loans not included in the individual credit grading process due to their relatively small balances or borrower type. The majority of ungraded loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, relate to business credit cards. Business credit card loans are subject to automatic charge-off when they become 120 days past due in the same manner as unsecured consumer lines of credit. 
 124 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total commercial construction Owner occupied commercial mortgage Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total commercial and industrial Leases Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total leases Total commercial 
 125 

30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Current 30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total revolving mortgage Consumer auto Current 30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total consumer auto Consumer other Current 30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total consumer other Total consumer 

126 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total commercial construction Owner occupied commercial mortgage Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total commercial and industrial Leases Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total leases Total commercial 

127 

30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Current 30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total revolving mortgage Consumer auto Current 30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total consumer auto Consumer other Current 30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total consumer other Total consumer 
 
 Purchased loans and leases 
 Initial PCD ACL ) Fair value discount, net of the PCD Gross-Up ) Purchase price 
 
 The recorded fair values of Non-PCD loans acquired in the CIT Merger as of the acquisition date was billion, resulting in a PAA discount of million. BancShares accounting methods for acquired loans and leases are discussed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. See Note 2 Business Combinations for further discussion of the CIT Merger. 

128 

Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Leases Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Consumer auto Consumer other Total consumer Total TDRs 
 
 129 

Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Leases Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Consumer auto Consumer other Total consumer Total TDRs 
 
 The following table summarizes the loan restructurings during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 that were designated as TDRs. BancShares defines payment default as movement of the TDR to non-accrual status, which is generally 90 days past due, foreclosure or charge-off, whichever occurs first. 
 
 Restructurings 
 dollars in millions (except for number of loans) Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Number of Loans Amortized Cost at Period End Number of Loans Amortized Cost at Period End Number of Loans Amortized Cost at Period End Loans and leases Interest only Loan term extension Below market rates Discharge from bankruptcy Total 
 
 There were million, million, and million of commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loan terms have been modified in TDRs as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 

130 

Loans Pledged 
 
 Less: Advances Less: Letters of Credit Available borrowing capacity Pledged Non-PCD loans (contractual balance) FRB Lendable collateral value of pledged non-PCD loans Less: Advances Available borrowing capacity Pledged Non-PCD loans (contractual balance) 

131 

NOTE 5 
 
 million was established through the PCD Gross-Up and there was no corresponding increase to the provision for credit losses. The PCD Gross-Up is discussed further in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. The initial ACL for Non-PCD loans and leases acquired in the CIT Merger was established through a corresponding increase of million to the provision for credit losses (the Day 2 provision for loans and leases ). 
 
 Initial PCD ACL (1) 
 Day 2 provision for loans and leases Provision (benefit) for credit losses - loans and leases 
 ) Total provision for credit losses- loans and leases Charge-offs (1) 
 ) ) ) Recoveries Balance at December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Commercial Consumer Total Balance at December 31, 2020 (Benefit) for credit losses - loans and leases ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Balance at December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Commercial Consumer Total Balance at December 31, 2019 Adoption of ASC 326 ) ) Balance after adoption of ASC 326 Provision for credit losses - loans and leases Initial balance on PCD loans Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Balance at December 31, 2020 
 (1) The Initial PCD ACL related to the CIT Merger was million, net of an additional million for loans that CIT charged-off prior to the Merger Date (whether full or partial) which met BancShares charge-off policy at the Merger Date. 
 
 ACL for Unfunded Commitments 
 dollars in millions Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Beginning balance Adoption of ASC 326 Balance after adoption of ASC 326 Provision (benefit) for credit losses - unfunded commitments (1) 
 ) Ending balance 
 (1) Includes the Day 2 provision for unfunded commitments of million related to the CIT Merger. 

132 

NOTE 6 
 
 years. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. The options are included in the lease term when it is determined that it is reasonably certain the option will be exercised. 
 
 Finance leases Premises and equipment Total ROU assets Lease liabilities: Operating leases Other liabilities Finance leases Other borrowings Total lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease terms: Operating leases years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Finance lease cost Amortization of leased assets Equipment expense Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense - other borrowings Variable lease cost Occupancy expense Sublease income Occupancy expense ) Net lease cost 
 (1) Includes short-term lease cost, which is not significant. 
 (2) In addition, approximately million of costs related to leased branches to be closed or subleased was included in merger-related expenses in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Variable lease cost includes common area maintenance, property taxes, utilities, and other operating expenses related to leased premises recognized in the period in which the expense was incurred. Certain of our lease agreements also include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. While lease liabilities are not remeasured because of these changes, these adjustments are treated as variable lease costs and recognized in the period in which the expense is incurred. Sublease income results from leasing excess building space that BancShares is no longer utilizing under operating leases, which have remaining lease terms of up to years. 
 133 

Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities ROU assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Difference between undiscounted cash flows and discounted cash flows Lease liabilities, at present value 
 
 Lessor 
 BancShares leases equipment to commercial end-users under operating lease and finance lease arrangements. The majority of operating lease equipment is long-lived rail equipment, which is typically leased several times over its life. We also lease technology and office equipment, and large and small industrial, medical, and transportation equipment under both operating leases and finance leases. 
 
 Our Rail operating leases typically do not include purchase options. Many of our finance leases, and other equipment operating leases, offer the lessee the option to purchase the equipment at fair market value or for a nominal fixed purchase option and many of the leases that do not have a nominal purchase option include renewal provisions resulting in some leases continuing beyond the initial contractual term. Our leases typically do not include early termination options; and continued rent payments are due if leased equipment is not returned at the end of the lease. 
 
 million at December 31, 2022) by equipment type. 
 
 Operating Lease Equipment 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 Railcars and locomotives (1) 
 Other equipment Total (1) 
 
 (1) Includes off-lease rail equipment of million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 134 

Unguaranteed residual assets Total net investment in finance leases Leveraged lease net investment (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Leveraged leases are reported net of non-recourse debt of million at December 31, 2022. Our leveraged lease arrangements commenced before the ASC 842 effective date and continue to be reported under the leveraged lease accounting model. ASC 842 eliminated leveraged lease accounting for new leases and for existing leases modified on or after the standard s effective date. 
 
 Variable lease income Operating leases (1) 
 Rental income on operating leases Interest income - Sales type and direct financing leases Variable lease income included in Other noninterest income (2) 
 Interest income - Leveraged leases Total lease income 
 (1) Primarily includes per diem railcar operating lease rental income earned on a time or mileage usage basis. 
 (2) Includes leased equipment property tax reimbursements due from customers of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and revenue related to insurance coverage on leased equipment of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. There was no revenue related to property tax reimbursements due from customers or insurance coverage on leased equipment during 2021 or 2020. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease receivables Difference between undiscounted cash flows and discounted cash flows Lease receivables, at present value 

135 

NOTE 7 
 
 Premises and leasehold improvements - 
 Furniture, equipment and software - 
 Total Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Total premises and equipment 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

NOTE 8 
 
 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The entire amount of goodwill relates to business combinations that BancShares completed prior to the CIT Merger and is reported in the General Banking segment. There was no goodwill impairment during 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Other adjustment ) Balance at December 31 
 
 Core Deposit Intangibles 
 Core deposit intangibles represent the estimated fair value of core deposits and other customer relationships acquired. Core deposit intangibles are being amortized over their estimated useful life. 
 
 Core deposit intangibles related to the CIT Merger Amortization for the period ) ) Balance at December 31, net of accumulated amortization 
 
 Core Deposit Intangible Accumulated Amortization 
 dollars in millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Gross balance Accumulated amortization ) ) Balance, net of accumulated amortization 
 
 136 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Intangible Liability 
 An intangible liability of million was recorded in other liabilities for net below market lessor lease contract rental rates related to the rail portfolio as a result of the CIT Merger. This lease intangible is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, thereby increasing rental income (a component of noninterest income) over the remaining term of the lease agreements. 
 
 Acquired in CIT Merger Amortization for the period ) Balance at December 31, net of accumulated amortization 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

137 

NOTE 9 
 
 billion and billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For certain loans, the originated loans are sold to third parties on a non-recourse basis with servicing rights retained. The retained servicing rights are recorded as a servicing asset and are reported in other assets. The associated amortization expense and any changes in the valuation allowance recognized were included as a reduction of mortgage income. MSRs are initially recorded at fair value and then carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. 
 
 Contractually specified mortgage servicing fees, late fees and ancillary fees earned are reported in mortgage income and were million, million, and million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 
 Servicing rights originated Servicing rights obtained in CIT Merger Amortization ) ) ) Valuation allowance benefit (provision) ) Ending balance 
 
 Valuation allowance (benefit) provision ) ) Ending balance 
 
 MSRs valuations are performed using a pooling methodology where loans with similar risk characteristics are grouped together and evaluated using discounted cash flows to estimate the present value of future earnings. 
 
 Weighted average constant prepayment rate Weighted average cost to service a loan 

138 

NOTE 10 
 
 Income tax receivable Bank-owned life insurance (2) 
 Right of use assets for operating leases, net Pension assets Accrued interest receivable Counterparty receivables Federal Home Loan Bank stock Fair value of derivative financial instruments Nonmarketable equity securities Other real estate owned Mortgage servicing assets Other (2) 
 Total other assets 
 (1) Refer to Note 12 Variable Interest Entities for additional information. 
 billion of BOLI policies. The balance sheet treatment at December 31, 2022 for the surrendered BOLI policies is as follows: million is in BOLI as these policies had not terminated or cash-settled; million is in Other as these policies had terminated, but not cash-settled; and million of these policies had terminated and cash-settled. 

NOTE 11 
 
 Checking with interest Money market Savings Time Total deposits 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total time deposits 
 Time deposits with a denomination of 250,000 or more were billion and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, FCB s primary deposit markets were North Carolina and South Carolina, which represent approximately and , respectively, of total FCB deposits. Deposits (based on branch location) as of December 31, 2022, in North Carolina and South Carolina represented approximately and , respectively, of total deposits. Additionally, the CIT Merger added deposits that were primarily related to the Digital Bank of billion or of total FCB deposits as of December 31, 2022. 
 139 

NOTE 12 
 
 consolidated VIEs. 
 
 Unconsolidated VIEs 
 Unconsolidated VIEs include limited partnership interests and joint ventures where BancShares involvement is limited to an investor interest and BancShares does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance or obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
 
 Other tax credit equity investments Total tax credit equity investments Other unconsolidated investments Total assets (maximum loss exposure) (2) 
 Liabilities for commitments to tax credit investments (3) 
 
 (1) These investments provide tax benefits to investors in the form of tax deductions from operating losses and tax credits. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, BancShares recorded million, million and million, respectively, in tax provisions under the proportional amortization method. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, BancShares recognized total tax benefits of million, million and million, which included tax credits of million, million and million, respectively, recorded in income taxes. See Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation for additional information. 
 (2) Included in other assets in Note 10 Other Assets. 
 (3) Represents commitments to invest in qualified affordable housing investments, and other investments qualifying for community reinvestment tax credits. These commitments are payable on demand and are included in other liabilities in Note 15 Other Liabilities. 

140 

NOTE 13 
 
 Notes payable to FHLB of Atlanta at overnight SOFR plus spreads ranging from to . 
 Total short-term borrowings 
 
 Securities Sold under Agreements to Repurchase 
 At December 31, 2022, BancShares held million of securities sold under agreements to repurchase, with overnight contractual maturities, that are collateralized by government agency securities. At December 31, 2021, BancShares held million of securities sold under agreements to repurchase, with overnight and continuous remaining contractual maturities, of which million were collateralized by government agency securities and million were collateralized by commercial mortgage-backed securities. 
 
 BancShares utilizes securities sold under agreements to repurchase to facilitate the needs for collateralization of commercial customers and secure wholesale funding needs. Repurchase agreements are transactions whereby BancShares offers to sell to a counterparty an undivided interest in an eligible security at an agreed upon purchase price, and which obligates BancShares to repurchase the security at an agreed upon date, repurchase price and interest rate. These agreements are recorded at the amount of cash received in connection with the transactions and are reflected as securities sold under customer repurchase agreements. 
 
 BancShares monitors collateral levels on a continuous basis and maintains records of each transaction specifically describing the applicable security and the counterparty s fractional interest in that security, and segregates the security from general assets in accordance with regulations governing custodial holdings of securities. The primary risk with repurchase agreements is market risk associated with the investments securing the transactions, as additional collateral may be required based on fair value changes of the underlying investments. Securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements are maintained with safekeeping agents. The carrying value of investment securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 141 

September 2022 Subordinated: Fixed-to-Floating subordinated notes at 
 March 2030 Junior subordinated debenture at 3-month LIBOR plus (FCB/SC Capital Trust II) 
 June 2034 Junior subordinated debenture at 3-month LIBOR plus (FCB/NC Capital Trust III) 
 June 2036 Subsidiaries: Senior: Senior unsecured fixed to floating rate notes at (1) 
 June 2024 Senior unsecured fixed to floating rate notes at (1) 
 September 2025 Fixed senior unsecured notes at (1) 
 April 2036 Subordinated: Fixed subordinated notes at (1) 
 March 2028 Fixed-to-Fixed subordinated notes at (1) 
 November 2029 Junior subordinated debentures at 3-month LIBOR plus (Macon Capital Trust I) 
 March 2034 Junior subordinated debentures at 3-month LIBOR plus (SCB Capital Trust I) 
 April 2034 Secured: Notes payable to FHLB of Atlanta at overnight SOFR plus spreads ranging from to . 
 Maturities through September 2025 Fixed notes payable to FHLB of Atlanta Maturities through March 2032 Other secured financings (1) 
 Maturities through January 2024 Capital lease obligations Maturities through June 2027 Unamortized issuance costs ) ) Unamortized purchase accounting adjustments (2) 
 ) Total long-term borrowings 
 (1) Reflects the remaining outstanding debt securities assumed by the BancShares in connection with the CIT Merger. On February 24, 2022, BancShares redeemed all of the outstanding (i) senior unsecured notes due 2022, (ii) , senior unsecured notes due 2023; (iii) senior unsecured notes due 2024; and (iv) senior unsecured notes due 2025 that it had assumed in the CIT Merger. 
 million and million, respectively, for subordinated debentures. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total long-term borrowings 

142 

million with a weighted average coupon rate of . These notes were assumed by FCB as part of the CIT Merger. On February 24, 2022, FCB completed a redemption of approximately billion of senior unsecured notes that were assumed in the CIT Merger, resulting in a gain of approximately million. 
 
 Subordinated Unsecured Notes 
 Subordinated unsecured notes included the following as of December 31, 2022: 
 million aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due March 2030 and redeemable at the option of BancShares starting with the interest payment due March 15, 2025. 
 million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate subordinated notes with a maturity date of March 2028 and million aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-fixed rate subordinated notes with a maturity date of November 2029, which were assumed by BancShares as part of the CIT Merger. 
 million in junior subordinated debentures representing obligations to Macon Capital Trust I, SCB Capital Trust I, FCB/SC Capital Trust II, and FCB/NC Capital Trust III special purpose entities and grantor trusts (the Trusts for trust preferred securities. The Trusts had outstanding trust preferred securities of million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, which mature in 2034, 2034, 2034 and 2036, respectively, and may be redeemed at par in whole or in part at any time. BancShares has guaranteed all obligations of the Trusts. 
 
 Secured Borrowings 
 At December 31, 2022, BancShares had pledged billion of loans to several financing facilities. 
 
 Notes Payable to FHLB 
 As a member of the FHLB, FCB can access financing based on an evaluation of its creditworthiness, statement of financial position, size and eligibility of collateral. Pledged assets related to these financings totaled billion at December 31, 2022. FCB may at any time grant a security interest in, sell, convey or otherwise dispose of any of the assets used for collateral, provided that FCB is in compliance with the collateral maintenance requirement immediately following such disposition. 
 
 Other Secured Financings 
 Other secured (other than FHLB) financings were not significant and totaled million at December 31, 2022. Pledged assets related to these financings totaled million. These transactions do not meet accounting requirements for sales treatment and are recorded as secured borrowings. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, BancShares had other unused credit lines allowing contingent access to borrowings of up to million on an unsecured basis. 
 
 Under borrowing arrangements with the FRB of Richmond, BancShares has access to an additional billion on a secured basis. There were outstanding borrowings with the FRB Discount Window at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Assets pledged to the FRB of Richmond totaled billion at December 31, 2022. 

143 

NOTE 14 

) Foreign exchange contracts ) Other contracts (2) 
 Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) Gross derivatives fair values presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets ) Less: Gross amounts offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net amount presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets ) Less: Amounts subject to master netting agreements (4) 
 ) Less: Cash collateral pledged(received) subject to master netting agreements (5) 
 ) Total net derivative fair value ) 
 1) Fair value balances include accrued interest. 
 (2) Other derivative contracts not designated as hedging instruments include risk participation agreements. 
 (3) BancShares accounts for swap contracts cleared by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and LCH Clearnet as settled-to-market . As a result, variation margin payments are characterized as settlement of the derivative exposure and variation margin balances are netted against the corresponding derivative mark-to-market balances. Gross amounts of recognized assets and liabilities were lowered by million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. 
 (4) BancShares derivative transactions are governed by International Swaps and Derivatives Association ISDA agreements that allow for net settlements of certain payments as well as offsetting of all contracts with a given counterparty in the event of bankruptcy or default of one of the two parties to the transaction. BancShares believes its ISDA agreements meet the definition of a master netting arrangement or similar agreement for purposes of the above disclosure. 
 (5) In conjunction with the ISDA agreements described above, BancShares has entered into collateral arrangements with its counterparties, which provide for the exchange of cash depending on change in the market valuation of the derivative contracts outstanding. Such collateral is available to be applied in settlement of the net balances upon an event of default of one of the counterparties. Collateral pledged or received is included in other assets or other liabilities, respectively. 
 
 Non-Qualifying Hedges 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Other noninterest income Other contracts Other noninterest income Total non-qualifying hedges - income statement impact 

NOTE 15 
 Lease liabilities Fair value of derivative financial instruments Commitments to fund tax credit investments Deferred taxes Reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposure Incentive plan liabilities Accrued interest payable Other Total other liabilities 
 144 

NOTE 16 
 
 Government agency Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate bonds Total investment securities available for sale Marketable equity securities Loans held for sale Derivative assets (1) 
 Interest rate contracts non-qualifying hedges Other derivative non-qualifying hedges Total derivative assets Liabilities Derivative liabilities (1) 
 Interest rate contracts non-qualifying hedges Other derivative non-qualifying hedges Total derivative liabilities December 31, 2021 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Investment securities available for sale U.S. Treasury Government agency Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate bonds Total investment securities available for sale Marketable equity securities Loans held for sale 
 (1) Derivative fair values include accrued interest. 

145 

Indicative bid provided by broker Multiple factors, including but not limited to, current operations, financial condition, cash flows, and recently executed financing transactions related to the issuer. December 31, 2021 Assets Corporate bonds Indicative bid provided by broker Multiple factors, including but not limited to, current operations, financial condition, cash flows, and recently executed financing transactions related to the issuer. 
 
 Purchases Included in earnings ) Included in comprehensive income ) Transfers out ) ) Maturity and settlements ) Ending balance 
 146 

December 31, 2021 Fair Value Unpaid Principal Balance Difference Originated loans held for sale 
 
 BancShares has elected the fair value option for residential real estate loans originated for sale. This election reduces certain timing differences in the Consolidated Statements of Income and better aligns with the management of the portfolio from a business perspective. The changes in fair value were recorded as a component of mortgage income and included a loss of million in each of the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest earned on loans held for sale is recorded within interest income on loans and leases in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 originated loans held for sale were 90 or more days past due or on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Assets Measured at Estimated Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis 
 Certain assets or liabilities are required to be measured at estimated fair value on a non-recurring basis subsequent to initial recognition. Generally, these adjustments are the result of LOCOM or other impairment accounting. 
 
 ) Loans - collateral dependent loans ) Other real estate owned Mortgage servicing rights Total ) December 31, 2021 Loans - collateral dependent loans ) Other real estate owned ) Mortgage servicing rights Total ) 
 
 Certain other assets are adjusted to their fair value on a non-recurring basis, including certain loans, OREO, and goodwill, which are periodically tested for impairment, and MSRs, which are carried at the lower of amortized cost or market. Most loans held for investment, deposits, and borrowings are not reported at fair value. 

147 

and , applied for estimated selling costs and other external factors that may impact the marketability of the property. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average discount applied was and , respectively. Changes to the value of the assets between scheduled valuation dates are monitored through continued communication with brokers and monthly reviews by the asset manager assigned to each asset. If there are any significant changes in the market or the subject property, valuations are adjusted or new appraisals are ordered to ensure the reported values reflect the most current information. 
 
 Mortgage servicing rights. MSRs are carried at the lower of amortized cost or market and are, therefore, carried at fair value only when fair value is less than amortized cost. The fair value of MSRs is determined using a pooling methodology. Similar loans are pooled together and a discounted cash flow model, which takes into consideration discount rates, prepayment rates, and the weighted average cost to service the loans, is used to determine the fair value. 
 148 

Interest earning deposits at banks Investment in marketable equity securities Investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Loans held for sale Net loans Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank stock Mortgage and other servicing rights Derivative assets Financial Liabilities Deposits with no stated maturity Time deposits Credit balances of factoring clients Securities sold under customer repurchase agreements Other short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities December 31, 2021 Estimated Fair Value Carrying Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial Assets Cash and due from banks Interest earning deposits at banks Investment in marketable equity securities Investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Loans held for sale Net loans Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank stock Mortgage and other servicing rights Financial Liabilities Deposits with no stated maturity Time deposits Securities sold under customer repurchase agreements Long-term borrowings Accrued interest payable 

149 

2. 
 150 

NOTE 17 

Common stock issued in CIT Merger Restricted stock units vested, net of shares held to cover taxes Shares purchased under authorized repurchase plan ) Common stock at December 31, 2022 
 
 Common Stock 
 The Parent Company has Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Shares of Class A Common Stock have vote per share, while shares of Class B Common Stock have votes per share. In connection with the consummation of the CIT Merger, the Parent Company issued approximately million shares of Class A Common Stock as further discussed in Note 2 Business Combinations. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Refer to Note 22 Employee Benefit Plans for discussion of the BancShares RSUs. 
 
 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 On March 12, 2020, BancShares issued and sold an aggregate of depositary shares (the Depositary Shares ), each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series A BancShares Series A Preferred Stock (equivalent to per share of the BancShares Series A Preferred Stock) for a total of million. As part of the CIT Merger, each issued and outstanding share of CIT Series A Preferred Stock and CIT Series B Preferred Stock automatically converted into the right to receive share of BancShares Series B Preferred Stock and BancShares Series C Preferred Stock, respectively, having such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions, taken as a whole, that were not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions, taken as a whole, of the CIT Series A Preferred Stock and the CIT Series B Preferred Stock, respectively . 
 
 Quarterly in arrears Series B January 3, 2022 January 4, 2027 , converted to LIBOR + beginning June 15, 2022 
 Semi-annually during the fixed rate period, then quarterly in arrears, as of June 15, 2022 Series C January 3, 2022 January 4, 2027 Quarterly in arrears, as of March 15, 2022 
 
 Dividends on BancShares Series A, B, and C Preferred Stock (together, BancShares Preferred Stock will be paid when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Parent Company, or a duly authorized committee thereof, to the extent that the Parent Company has lawfully available funds to pay dividends. If declared, dividends with respect to the BancShares Series A Preferred Stock and BancShares Series C Preferred Stock will accrue and be payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15 of each year. Dividends on the BancShares Series B Preferred Stock initially accrued and were payable on a semi-annual basis during the fixed rate period. Upon expiration of the fixed rate period on June 15, 2022, dividends with respect to the BancShares Series B Preferred Stock, if declared, now accrue and are payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15 of each year. Dividends on the BancShares Preferred Stock will not be cumulative. 
 
 151 

NOTE 18 ) ) ) Unrealized loss on securities available for sale transferred to securities held to maturity ) ) ) ) Defined benefit pension items ) ) Total accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) 
 
 The following table details the changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income tax: 
 
 Changes in Components of Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income, net of income tax 
 dollars in millions Unrealized (loss) gain on securities available for sale Unrealized (loss) gain on securities available for sale transferred to securities held to maturity Net change in defined benefit pension items Total accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) AOCI activity before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Other comprehensive (loss) income for the period ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) AOCI activity before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income for the period ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) 

152 

) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Other noninterest expense Other comprehensive (loss) income for defined benefit pension items ) ) ) Unrealized loss on securities available for sale transferred to securities held to maturity Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Reclassifications out of AOCI ) ) Interest on investment securities Other comprehensive income (loss) on securities available for sale transferred to securities held to maturity ) ) Unrealized loss on securities available for sale AOCI activity before reclassification ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Realized gain on sale of investment securities available for sale, net Other comprehensive loss on securities available for sale ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 

NOTE 19 

2.50 Tier 1 risk-based capital 2.50 Common equity Tier 1 2.50 Tier 1 leverage 
 
 153 

Tier 1 risk-based capital Common equity Tier 1 Tier 1 leverage FCB Total risk-based capital Tier 1 risk-based capital Common equity Tier 1 Tier 1 leverage 
 
 At December 31, 2022, BancShares and FCB had risk-based capital ratio conservation buffers of and , respectively, which are in excess of the Basel III conservation buffer of 2.50 . At December 31, 2021, BancShares and FCB had risk-based capital ratio conservation buffers of and , respectively. The capital ratio conservation buffers represent the excess of the regulatory capital ratio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 over the Basel III minimum for the ratio that is the binding constraint. 
 
 Additional Tier 1 capital for BancShares includes preferred stock discussed further in Note 17 Stockholders Equity. Additional Tier 2 capital for BancShares and FCB primarily consists of qualifying ACL and qualifying subordinated debt. 
 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 billion while continuing to meet the requirements for well-capitalized banks at December 31, 2022. Dividends declared by FCB and paid to the Parent Company amounted to billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 20 
 
 Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic shares outstanding Stock-based awards Diluted shares outstanding Earnings per common share Basic Diluted 
 BancShares RSUs are discussed in Note 22 Employee Benefit Plans. 
 154 

NOTE 21 
 
 Deferred U.S. federal income tax provision / (benefit) ) ) Total federal income tax provision Current state and local income tax provision Deferred state and local income tax provision / (benefit) ) Total state and local income tax provision Total non-U.S. income tax provision Total provision for income taxes 
 
 Increase (decrease) due to: State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Non-taxable bargain purchase gain (1) 
 ) ) Domestic tax credits ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of BOLI surrender (1) 
 Deferred tax liability adjustment ) ) Difference in tax rates applicable to non-U.S. earnings Repayment of claim of right income ) ) ) ) Valuation allowances ) ) Other ) ) Provision for income taxes and effective tax rate 
 (1) Income tax expense (benefit) includes, if applicable, federal, state, foreign and penalty taxes. 
 
 Income tax expense for 2021 and 2020 was favorably impacted by million and million respectively, due to BancShares decision in the second quarter of 2020 to utilize an allowable alternative for computing its 2021 and 2020 federal income tax liability. The allowable alternative provides BancShares the ability to use the federal income tax rate for certain current year deductible amounts related to prior year FDIC-assisted acquisitions that was applicable when these amounts were originally subjected to tax. 
 
 As a result of the CIT Merger, BancShares permanently reinvested eligible earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries and accordingly, does not accrue any U.S. or foreign taxes that would be due if those earnings were repatriated. As of December 31, 2022, this assertion resulted in an unrecognized net deferred tax liability of million on reinvested earnings of million. 
 
 155 

Basis difference in loans Allowance for credit losses Accrued liabilities and reserves Deferred compensation Right of use - lease liability Domestic tax credits Mark to market adjustments Capitalized costs Unrealized net loss on securities AFS Other Total gross deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Liabilities: Operating leases ) Right of use - lease asset ) ) Loans and direct financing leases ) ) Deferred BOLI Gain ) Pension ) ) Prepaid expenses ) Market discount accretion ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax liability before valuation allowances ) ) Less: valuation allowances ) Net deferred tax liability after valuation allowances ) ) 
 
 Net Operating Loss Carryforwards and Valuation Adjustments 
 As a result of the CIT Merger, BancShares net deferred tax liabilities increased by approximately million. That amount included an increase to deferred tax assets DTAs primarily from net operating losses, capitalized costs and tax credits net of deferred tax liabilities, primarily from operating leases. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, BancShares has DTAs totaling million on its global NOLs. This includes: (1) a DTA of million relating to its cumulative U.S. federal NOLs of million; (2) DTAs of million relating to cumulative state NOLs of billion, including amounts of reporting entities that file in multiple jurisdictions, and (3) DTAs of million relating to cumulative non-U.S. NOLs of million. The U.S. federal NOLs will begin to expire in 2030 and state NOLs will begin to expire in 2024. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, BancShares has deferred tax assets of million from its domestic tax credits. This includes: (1) DTAs of million from federal tax credits and (2) DTAs of million from state tax credits. The federal tax credits begin to expire in 2032 and the state tax credits have an indefinite carryforward. 
 
 During 2022, Management updated BancShares long-term forecast of future U.S. federal taxable income. The updated forecast continues to support the realization of the U.S. federal DTAs on NOLs and therefore no valuation allowance is necessary. However, a valuation allowance of million was retained on U.S. state DTAs relating to certain state NOLs as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 BancShares maintained a valuation allowance of million against certain non-U.S. reporting entities' net DTAs at December 31, 2022. There was valuation allowance at December 31, 2021. The increase is mainly related to the CIT Merger. BancShares ability to recognize DTAs is evaluated on a quarterly basis to determine if there are any significant events that would affect our ability to utilize existing DTAs. If events are identified that affect our ability to utilize our DTAs, the respective valuation allowance may be adjusted accordingly. 
 156 

Effect of CIT Merger Additions for tax positions related to prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) Expiration of statutes of limitations ) ) Settlements ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) Tabular rollforward does not present the comparable data for the prior years, as activity in the prior years was not material. 
 
 BancShares recognizes tax benefits when it is more likely than not that the position will prevail, based solely on the technical merits under the tax law of the relevant jurisdiction. BancShares will recognize the tax benefit if the position meets this recognition threshold determined based on the largest amount of the benefit that is more than likely to be recognized. 
 
 As a result of the CIT Merger, BancShares liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, increased by million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, BancShares recorded a net decrease in UTBs, including interest and penalties. The net decrease primarily related to settlements, partially offset by the increase resulting from the CIT Merger. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the accrued liability for interest and penalties is million. BancShares recognizes accrued interest and penalties on UTBs in income tax expense. 
 
 BancShares has UTBs relating to uncertain state tax positions in North Carolina and other state jurisdictions resulting from tax filings submitted to the states. No tax benefit has been recorded for these uncertain tax positions in the consolidated financial statements. It is reasonably possible that these uncertain tax positions may be settled or resolved in the next twelve months. No reasonable estimate of the settlement or resolution can be made. 
 
 The entire million of UTBs including interest and penalties at December 31, 2022, would lower BancShares effective tax rate, if realized. Management believes that it is reasonably possible the total potential liability before interest and penalties may be increased or decreased by million within the next twelve months of the reporting date because of anticipated settlement with taxing authorities, resolution of open tax matters, and the expiration of various statutes of limitations. 
 
 Income Tax Audits 
 BancShares is subject to examinations by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS and other taxing authorities in jurisdictions where BancShares has significant business operations. The tax years under examination vary by jurisdiction. BancShares does not expect completion of those audits to have a material impact on the firm s financial condition, but it may be material to operating results for a particular period, depending, in part, on the operating results for that period. 

BancShares and its subsidiaries are subject to examinations by the IRS and other taxing authorities in jurisdictions where BancShares has business operations for years ranging from 2012 through 2022. Management does not anticipate that the completion of these examinations will have a material impact on the firm s financial condition, but it may be material to operating results for a particular period, depending, in part, on the operating results for that period. 
 
 157 

NOTE 22 
 
 qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plans (the Pension Plans ), including the FCB-North Pension Plan (the BancShares Pension Plan ), FCB-South Bancorporation Pension Plan (the Bancorporation Pension Plan ), and a plan assumed upon completion of the CIT Merger (the CIT Pension Plan ). 
 
 BancShares employees who were hired prior to April 1, 2007 and qualified under length of service and other requirements are covered by the BancShares Pension Plan, which was closed to new participants as of April 1, 2007. There was discretionary contribution made to the BancShares Pension Plan during 2022, while discretionary contributions of thousand were made during 2021. 
 
 Certain legacy Bancorporation employees that qualified under length of service and other requirements are covered by the Bancorporation Pension Plan, which was closed to new participants as of September 1, 2007. There were discretionary contributions made to the Bancorporation Pension Plan during 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Participants in the BancShares Pension Plan and Bancorporation Pension Plan were fully vested after of service. Retirement benefits are based on years of service and highest annual compensation for five consecutive years during the last of employment. BancShares assumed the CIT Pension Plan upon completion of the CIT Merger. There was discretionary contribution made to the CIT Pension Plan during 2022. 
 
 BancShares makes contributions to the Pension Plans in amounts between the minimum required for funding and the maximum amount deductible for federal income tax purposes. Management evaluates the need for its contributions to these plans on a periodic basis based upon numerous factors including, but not limited to, funded status, returns on plan assets, discount rates and the current economic environment. 
 
 Supplemental and Executive Retirement Plans 
 Upon completion of the CIT Merger, BancShares assumed a frozen U.S. non-contributory supplemental retirement plan (the Supplemental Retirement Plan and an additional retirement plan for certain executives (the Executive Retirement Plan ), which had been closed to new participants since 2006 and whose participants were all inactive. There were discretionary contributions made to the Executive Retirement Plan or the Supplemental Retirement Plan in 2022. Accumulated balances under the Executive Retirement Plan and the Supplemental Retirement Plan continue to receive periodic interest, subject to certain government limits. The interest credit was for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 Upon completion of the CIT Merger, BancShares assumed postretirement benefit plans (the Postretirement Plans that provided healthcare and life insurance benefits to eligible retired employees. For most eligible retirees, healthcare was contributory and life insurance was non-contributory. The Postretirement Plans were funded on a pay-as-you-go basis. Certain Postretirement Plans were terminated during the first quarter of 2022. BancShares recognized a reduction in other noninterest expense of approximately million in the first quarter of 2022 related to obligations previously accrued. 

158 

Projected benefit obligation of acquired plans Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Plan termination ) Projected benefit obligation at December 31 Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at January 1 Fair value of plan assets of acquired plans Actual (loss) return on plan assets ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31 Funded status at December 31 Information for pension plans with a benefit obligation in excess of plan assets Projected and accumulated benefit obligations 
 
 The Consolidated Balance Sheets include million and million in other assets related to the Pension Plans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Consolidated Balance Sheet includes million in other liabilities at December 31, 2022 for the unfunded Supplemental Retirement and Executive Retirement Plans. 
 159 

The accumulated benefit obligation for the Plans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was billion and million, respectively. The Plans use a measurement date of December 31. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) Net prior service credit amortization ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Total net periodic (benefit) cost ) ) ) Current year actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss ) ) ) Current year amortization of prior service cost Amortization of prior service cost ) Net loss (gain) recognized in other comprehensive income ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income ) ) ) 
 The actuarial loss in 2022 was primarily due to lower than expected return on assets and higher interest crediting rate, partially offset by increased discount rates. Actuarial gains in 2021 and 2020 were primarily due to return on assets greater than expected, partially offset by the impact of a decreased discount rate. 
 
 Service costs and the amortization of prior service costs are recorded in personnel expense, while interest cost, expected return on assets and the amortization of actuarial gains or losses are recorded in other noninterest expense. 
 160 

N/A Rate of compensation increase N/A Interest crediting rate (1) 
 N/A N/A 
 (1) Specific to cash investments in the CIT Pension Plan. 
 The assumptions used to determine the net periodic benefit cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are as follows: 
 Weighted Average Assumptions Retirement Plans Postretirement Plans 2022 2021 2020 2022 Discount rate Rate of compensation increase N/A Expected long-term return on plan assets N/A Interest crediting rate (1) 
 N/A N/A N/A 
 (1) Specific to cash investments in the CIT Pension Plan. 
 The estimated discount rate, which represents the interest rate that could be obtained for a suitable investment used to fund the benefit obligations, is based on a yield curve developed from high-quality corporate bonds across a full maturity spectrum. The projected cash flows of the Pension Plans are discounted based on this yield curve and a single discount rate is calculated to achieve the same present value. The increase in discount rate from the prior year is reflective of the current market conditions. 
 
 The weighted average expected long-term rate of return on Pension Plans assets represents the average rate of return expected to be earned on the Pension Plans assets over the period the benefits included in the benefit obligation are to be paid. In developing the expected rate of return on the Pension Plans assets, historical and current returns, as well as investment allocation strategies, are considered. 
 
 Assets of the Pension Plans 
 For the Pension Plans, our primary total return objective is to achieve returns over the long term that will fund retirement liabilities and provide desired benefits of the Pension Plans in a manner that satisfies the fiduciary requirements of the ERISA. The Pension Plans assets have a long-term time horizon that runs concurrent with the average life expectancy of the participants. As such, the Pension Plans can assume a time horizon that extends well beyond a full market cycle and can assume a reasonable level of risk. It is expected, however, that both professional investment management and sufficient portfolio diversification will smooth volatility and help generate a consistent level of return. The investments are broadly diversified across global, economic and market risk factors in an attempt to reduce volatility and target multiple return sources. Within approved guidelines and restrictions, the investment manager has discretion over the timing and selection of individual investments. The assets of the BancShares Pension Plan and Bancorporation Pension Plan are held by the BancShares trust department. Assets of the CIT Pension Plan were held by a third party servicer during 2022. 
 
 Equity securities are measured at fair value using observable closing prices. These securities are classified as Level 1 as they are traded in an active market. Fixed income securities are generally estimated using a third party pricing service. The third party provider evaluates securities based on comparable investments with trades and market data and will utilize pricing models which use a variety of inputs, such as benchmark yields, reported trades, issuer spreads, benchmark securities, bids and offers as needed. These securities are generally classified as Level 2. In the following table, assets of the CIT Pension Plan are primarily included in the Common Collective Trust. These investments have been measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient and are not required to be classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 161 

- 
 Equity securities - 
 Common and preferred stock Mutual funds Exchange traded funds Fixed income - 
 U.S. government and government agency securities Corporate bonds Alternative investments - 
 Common collective trust, measured at NAV Limited partnerships Total pension assets (1) These investments have been measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient and are not required to be classified in the table above. 
 December 31, 2021 Market Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Target Allocation Actual of Plan Assets Cash and equivalents - 
 Equity securities - 
 Common and preferred stock Mutual funds Exchange traded funds Fixed income - 
 U.S. government and government agency securities Corporate bonds Total pension assets 
 
 There were no direct investments in equity securities of BancShares included in the Pension Plans assets in any of the years presented. 
 Cash Flows 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 162 

of the first and of the next of the participant s deferral up to and including a maximum contribution of of the participant s eligible compensation. The matching contribution immediately vests. 
 
 At the end of 2007, employees were given the option to continue to accrue additional years of service under the BancShares or Bancorporation Pension Plans or to elect to join an enhanced 401(k) savings plan (the Enhanced 401(k) Plan ). Under the Enhanced 401(k) Plan, BancShares matches participants contributions in an amount equal to of the first of the participant s eligible compensation. The matching contribution immediately vests. In addition to the employer match of the employee contributions, the Enhanced 401(k) Plan provides a required employer non-elective contribution equal to of the compensation of a participant who remains employed at the end of the calendar year. Effective January 1, 2023 this non-elective contribution will be discretionary. This employer contribution vests after of service. Employees who elected to enroll in the Enhanced 401(k) Plan discontinued the accrual of additional years of service under the BancShares or Bancorporation Pension Plans and became enrolled in the Enhanced 401(k) Plan effective January 1, 2008. Eligible employees hired after January 1, 2008, are eligible to participate in the Enhanced 401(k) Plan. 
 
 CIT sponsored a 401(k) plan (the CIT 401(k) Plan ), which was assumed by BancShares upon completion of the CIT Merger. Under the CIT 401(k) Plan, BancShares matched of the participants contributions up to of the participant s eligible compensation. In January 2023, the CIT 401(k) Plan was merged into the Enhanced 401(k) Plan. 
 
 BancShares recognized expense related to contributions to all 401(k) plans of million, million, and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Additional Benefits for Executives, Directors, and Officers 
 
 BancShares has entered into contractual agreements with certain executives providing payments for a period of no more than following separation from service occurring no earlier than an agreed-upon age. These agreements also provide a death benefit in the event a participant dies prior to separation from service or during the payment period following separation from service. BancShares has also assumed liability for contractual obligations to directors and officers of previously acquired entities. 
 
 Accrued liability of acquired banks Discount rate adjustment ) ) Benefit expense and interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Benefits forfeited Accrued liability as of December 31 Discount rate at December 31 
 
 163 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 CIT had compensation awards that either converted to BancShares RSUs or immediately vested at completion of the CIT Merger as further described in the Stock-Based Compensation discussion in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. In February 2016, CIT adopted the CIT Group Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the "2016 Plan"), which provided for grants of stock-based awards to employees, executive officers, and directors. The BancShares RSUs are the only outstanding awards subject to the terms of the 2016 Plan and no further awards will be made under the 2016 Plan. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period or the requisite service period, which is generally for BancShares RSUs, under the graded vesting method, whereby each vesting tranche of the award is amortized separately as if each were a separate award. 
 
 The following table presents the unvested BancShares RSUs at December 31, 2022, which have vesting periods through 2024. There were no grants of stock-based compensation awards during 2022. The fair value of RSUs that vested and settled in stock during 2022 was million. 
 
 Unvested CIT RSUs converted to BancShares RSUs at Merger Date Unvested CIT PSUs converted to BancShares RSUs at Merger Date Forfeitures ) Vested / settled awards ) Unvested BancShares RSUs at December 31, 2022 
 (1) Represents the share price of BancShares as of the CIT Merger Date. 

164 

NOTE 23 

165 

) Provision for credit losses Net interest income (expense) after provision for credit losses ) ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Select Period End Balances Loans and leases Deposits Operating lease equipment, net Year Ended December 31, 2021 General Banking Commercial Banking Rail Corporate Total BancShares Net interest income (expense) ) Benefit for credit losses ) ) Net interest income (expense) after benefit for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Select Period End Balances Loans and leases Deposits Year Ended December 31, 2020 General Banking Commercial Banking Rail Corporate Total BancShares Net interest income (expense) ) Provision for credit losses Net interest income (expense) after provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Select Period End Balances Loans and leases Deposits 

166 

NOTE 24 
 
 Letters of Credit Standby letters of credit Other letters of credit Deferred Purchase Agreements Purchase and Funding Commitments (1) 
 Lessor commitments (1) 
 
 (1) BancShares purchase and funding commitments relate to the equipment leasing businesses commitments to fund finance leases and operating leases, and Rail s railcar manufacturer purchase and upgrade commitments. 
 
 Financing Commitments 
 Commitments to extend credit are legally binding agreements to lend to customers. These commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of fees. Established credit standards control the credit risk exposure associated with these commitments. In some cases, BancShares requires collateral be pledged to secure the commitment, including cash deposits, securities and other assets. 
 
 Financing commitments, referred to as loan commitments or lines of credit, primarily reflect BancShares agreements to lend to its customers, subject to the customers compliance with contractual obligations. At December 31, 2022, substantially all undrawn financing commitments were senior facilities. Most of the undrawn and available financing commitments are in the Commercial Banking segment. Financing commitments also include approximately million related to off-balance sheet commitments to fund equity investments. Commitments to fund equity investments are contingent on events that have yet to occur and may be subject to change. 
 
 As financing commitments may not be fully drawn, may expire unused, may be reduced or canceled at the customer s request, and may require the customer to be in compliance with certain conditions, total commitment amounts do not necessarily reflect actual future cash flow requirements. 
 
 The table above excludes uncommitted revolving credit facilities extended by Commercial Services to its clients for working capital purposes. In connection with these facilities, Commercial Services has the sole discretion throughout the duration of these facilities to determine the amount of credit that may be made available to its clients at any time and whether to honor any specific advance requests made by its clients under these credit facilities. 
 
 Letters of Credit 
 Standby letters of credit are commitments to pay the beneficiary thereof if drawn upon by the beneficiary upon satisfaction of the terms of the letter of credit. Those commitments are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. To mitigate its risk, BancShares credit policies govern the issuance of standby letters of credit. The credit risk related to the issuance of these letters of credit is essentially the same as in extending loans to clients and, therefore, these letters of credit are collateralized when necessary. These financial instruments generate fees and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 167 

million at December 31, 2022 of borrowings for such clients, is the maximum amount that BancShares would be required to pay under all DPAs. This maximum amount would only occur if all receivables subject to DPAs default in the manner described above, thereby requiring BancShares to purchase all such receivables from the DPA clients. 
 
 The table above includes billion of DPA exposures at December 31, 2022, related to receivables on which BancShares has assumed the credit risk. The table also includes million available under DPA credit line agreements provided at December 31, 2022. The DPA credit line agreements specify a contractually committed amount of DPA credit protection and are cancellable by us only after a notice period, which is typically 90 days or less. 
 
 Litigation and other Contingencies 
 The Parent Company and certain of its subsidiaries have been named as a defendant in legal actions arising from its normal business activities in which damages in various amounts are claimed. BancShares is also exposed to litigation risk relating to the prior business activities of banks from which assets were acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
 As part of the CIT Merger, BancShares assumed litigation in which CIT and CIT Bank, N.A. d/b/a OneWest Bank OneWest were named as defendants in a then existing lawsuit brought as a qui tam (i.e., whistleblower) action by a former OneWest employee on behalf of the U.S. Government. The lawsuit asserted claims related to OneWest s participation in the Home Affordable Modification Program HAMP administered by the United States Treasury Department, as well as Federal Housing Administration FHA and Veterans Administration VA programs. On October 15, 2019, the plaintiff filed a second amended complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging that, beginning in 2009, CIT (and its predecessor, OneWest) falsely certified its compliance with HAMP, submitted false claims for incentive payments for loan modifications, submitted false claims for FHA and VA insurance payments, and failed to self-report these violations. Plaintiff sought the return of all U.S. Government payments to CIT under the HAMP, FHA, and VA programs. CIT has received approximately million in servicer incentives under HAMP, and the U.S. Government has paid more than million in the aggregate in borrower, servicer, and investor incentives in connection with loans modified by OneWest or CIT under HAMP. OneWest and CIT denied all allegations of liability. The Department of Justice declined to intervene in the case. 
 
 On July 26, 2022, the parties settled all claims for million and pursuant to the terms of the settlement, the parties filed a joint stipulation of dismissal with prejudice. The settlement payment of million was paid on August 4, 2022 and on August 29, 2022, the Court entered an Order dismissing the case. 
 
 BancShares is also involved, and from time to time in the future may be involved, in a number of pending and threatened judicial, regulatory, and arbitration proceedings as well as proceedings, investigations, examinations and other actions brought or considered by governmental and self-regulatory agencies. These matters arise in connection with the ordinary conduct of BancShares business. At any given time, BancShares may also be in the process of responding to subpoenas, requests for documents, data and testimony relating to such matters and engaging in discussions to resolve the matters (all of the foregoing collectively being referred to as Litigation ). While most Litigation relates to individual claims, BancShares may be subject to putative class action claims and similar broader claims and indemnification obligations. 
 
 In light of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of Litigation matters and indemnification obligations, particularly when such matters are in their early stages or where the claimants seek indeterminate damages, BancShares cannot state with confidence what the eventual outcome of the pending Litigation will be, what the timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters will be, or what the eventual loss, fines, or penalties related to each pending matter will be, if any. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, BancShares establishes reserves for Litigation when those matters present loss contingencies as to which it is both probable that a loss will occur and the amount of such loss can reasonably be estimated. Based on currently available information, BancShares believes that the outcome of Litigation that is currently pending will not have a material adverse effect on BancShares financial condition, but may be material to BancShares operating results or cash flows for any particular period, depending in part on its operating results for that period. The actual results of resolving such matters may be substantially higher than the amounts reserved. 
 
 168 

million in excess of any established reserves and any insurance we reasonably believe we will collect related to those matters. This estimate represents reasonably possible losses (in excess of established reserves and insurance) over the life of such Litigation, which may span a currently indeterminable number of years, and is based on information currently available as of December 31, 2022. The Litigation matters underlying the estimated range will change from time to time, and actual results may vary significantly from this estimate. 
 
 Those Litigation matters for which an estimate is not reasonably possible or as to which a loss does not appear to be reasonably possible, based on current information, are not included within this estimated range and, therefore, this estimated range does not represent BancShares maximum loss exposure. 
 
 The foregoing statements about BancShares Litigation are based on BancShares judgments, assumptions, and estimates and are necessarily subjective and uncertain. In the event of unexpected future developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these cases, matters, and proceedings, if unfavorable, may be material to BancShares consolidated financial position in a particular period. 

NOTE 25 
 
 equity investment in Northbridge, and CIT Asset Management LLC, a non-bank subsidiary of FCB, acts as an investment advisor and servicer of the loan portfolio. Allstate is an equity investor. FCB s investment was million at December 31, 2022, with the expectation of additional investment as the joint venture grows. Management fees were earned on loans under management. BancShares accounts for Northbridge under the equity method and recognized million in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022 for its proportion of Northbridge s net income. 
 
 BancShares has investments in qualified affordable housing projects primarily for the purposes of fulfilling Community Reinvestment Act requirements and obtaining tax credits. These investments are accounted for using the proportional amortization method. BancShares also has investments in various trusts, partnerships, and limited liability corporations established in conjunction with structured financing transactions of equipment, power and infrastructure projects and workout transactions. BancShares interests in these entities were entered into in the ordinary course of business that are accounted for under the equity or cost methods. Refer to Note 10 Other Assets and Note 12 Variable Interest Entities for additional information. 
 
 The combination of investments in and loans to unconsolidated entities represents BancShares maximum exposure to loss, as BancShares does not provide guarantees or other forms of indemnification to unconsolidated entities. 
 
 BancShares has, and expects to have in the future, banking transactions in the ordinary course of business with directors, officers and their associates Related Persons and entities controlled by Related Persons. 
 
 New loans Repayments ) ) Balance at December 31 
 
 The amounts presented exclude loans to Related Persons for credit card lines of or less, overdraft lines of or less, and intercompany transactions between the Parent Company and FCB. Unfunded loan commitments available to Related Persons were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 169 

NOTE 26 
 
 Interest-earning deposits at banks Investment in marketable equity securities Investment in banking subsidiary Investment in other subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Subordinated debt Borrowings due to banking subsidiary Other borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 Other (loss) income ) Total income Expenses Interest expense Other expenses Total expenses Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Income tax expense Income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Equity in (distributed) undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) Net income Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common stockholders 
 170 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Distributed (undistributed) net income of subsidiaries ) ) Deferred tax expense Net amortization of premiums and discounts Fair value adjustment on marketable equity securities, net ) ) Stock based compensation expense Net change in due to/from subsidiaries ) Net change in other assets ) ) Net change in other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Net decrease (increase) in interest-earning deposits at banks ) Purchase of marketable equity securities ) ) Proceeds from sales of marketable equity securities Proceeds from sales, calls, and maturities of investment securities Investment in subsidiaries ) Net cash paid in acquisition ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Repayment of short-term borrowings ) Repayment of other borrowings ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt Proceeds from borrowings due to banking subsidiary Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Repurchase of Class A common stock ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Other financing activities ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and due from banks ) Cash and due from banks at beginning of year Cash and due from banks at end of year CASH PAYMENTS (REFUNDS) FOR: Interest (Refunds) payments for income taxes ) 
 171 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 BancShares management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of BancShares disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, in accordance with Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ). Based upon the evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded BancShares disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance it is able to record, process, summarize and report information required to be disclosed in the reports it files under the Exchange Act in a timely and accurate manner. 
 
 There have been no changes in BancShares internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, BancShares internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The management of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. BancShares is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. BancShares internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the company s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 
 BancShares management assessed the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment, BancShares management believes, as of December 31, 2022, BancShares internal control over financial reporting is effective. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. A control deficiency exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the company s financial reporting. A material weakness in internal control over financial reporting is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 BancShares independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on the company s internal control over financial reporting. This report appears under Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

172 

PART III 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , PCAOB Firm ID: . 
 
 Our predecessor independent registered public accounting firm was , (formerly Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP), , PCAOB Firm ID No. . 
 
 The other information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the Proposal 7: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Accountants section of the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 173 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 2.4 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 15, 2020, by and among CIT Group Inc., First Citizens BancShares, Inc., First-Citizens Bank Trust Company, and FC Merger Subsidiary IX, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated October 20, 2020) 
 2.5 Amendment No. 1, dated September 30, 2021, to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 15, 2020, by and among CIT Group Inc., First Citizens BancShares, Inc., First-Citizens Bank Trust Company, and FC Merger Subsidiary IX, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 30, 2021) 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014) 
 3.2 Certificate of Designation of 5.375 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed on March 12, 2020) 
 3.3 Restated Certificate of Designation of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 3.4 Restated Certificate of Designation of 5.625 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 3.5 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated January 24, 2023) 
 4.1 Specimen of Registrant s Class A Common Stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008) 
 4.2 Specimen of Registrant s Class B Common Stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008) 
 4.3 Specimen of Registrant's 5.375 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed on March 12, 2020) 
 4.4 Specimen of Registrant s Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 of the Registrant's Form S-4 Registration Statement (333-250131) filed on December 21, 2020) 
 4.5 Specimen of Registrant s 5.625 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C, Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Amendment No. 1 of the Registrant's Form S-4 Registration Statement (333-250131) filed on December 21, 2020) 
 4.6 Deposit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2020, among Registrant, Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed on March 12, 2020) 
 4.7 Form of Depositary Receipt (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.6 hereto) 
 4.8 Description of the Registrant s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 4.9 Instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 4.10 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of FCB/NC Capital Trust III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006) 
 4.11 Guarantee Agreement relating to Registrant s guarantee of the capital securities of FCB/NC Capital Trust III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006) 
 10.1 Executive Consultation, Separation from Service and Death Benefit Agreement between Registrant s subsidiary First-Citizens Bank Trust Company and Frank B. Holding, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 9.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 18, 2011) 
 10.2 Executive Consultation, Separation from Service and Death Benefit Agreement between Registrant s subsidiary First-Citizens Bank Trust Company and Hope Holding Bryant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 9.5 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 18, 2011) 
 10.3 Employee Consultation, Post-Retirement, Non-Competition and Death Benefit Agreement between Registrant s subsidiary, First-Citizens Bank Trust Company, as successor by merger to First Citizens Bank and Trust Company, Inc., and Peter M. Bristow. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014) 
 10.4 Employee Consultation, Post-Retirement, Non-Competition and Death Benefit Agreement between Registrant s subsidiary, First-Citizens Bank Trust Company as successor by merger to First Citizens Bank and Trust Company, Inc., and Craig L. Nix. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014) 
 10.5 Executive Consultation, Separation from Service and Death Benefit Agreement between Registrant s subsidiary First-Citizens Bank Trust Company and Jeffery L. Ward (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020) 
 10.6 Employment Letter Agreement between Registration and Ellen R. Alemany dated October 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) 
 10.7 Retention Letter Agreement between Registrant and Marisa Harney dated October 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) 
 10.8 409A Deferred Compensation Plan of Registrant s subsidiary, First-Citizens Bank Trust Company, as successor by merger to First Citizens Bank and Trust Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014) 
 10.9 Deferred Compensation Plan of Registrant s subsidiary, First-Citizens Bank Trust Company, as successor by merger to First-Citizens Bank and Trust Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014) 
 
 174 

10.10 Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan of Registrant s subsidiary, First-Citizens Bank Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated January 25, 2022) 
 10.11 Form of Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020) 
 10.12 Form of Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (for awards beginning in 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 10.13 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan of Registrant s subsidiary, First-Citizens Bank Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 24, 2021) 
 10.14 Merger Performance Plan of Registrant s subsidiary, First Citizen s Bank Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith) 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, KPMG LLP (filed herewith) 
 23.2 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, FORVIS, LLP (filed herewith) 
 24 Power of Attorney (filed herewith) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith) 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith) 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith) 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith) 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (filed herewith) 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (filed herewith) 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (filed herewith) 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (filed herewith) 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase (filed herewith) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document filed as Exhibit 101) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Interactive data files are furnished but not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

175 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Dated: February 24, 2023 FIRST CITIZENS BANCSHARES, INC. (Registrant) /S/ FRANK B. HOLDING, JR. Frank B. Holding, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons, on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 24, 2023. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ FRANK B. HOLDING, JR. 
 
 Frank B. Holding, Jr. 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2023 /s/ CRAIG L. NIX 
 
 Craig L. Nix 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) February 24, 2023 /s/ ELLEN R. ALEMANY 
 
 Ellen R. Alemany 
 Director February 24, 2023 /s/ JOHN M. ALEXANDER, JR. 
 
 John M. Alexander, Jr. 
 Director February 24, 2023 /s/ VICTOR E. BELL, III 
 
 Victor E. Bell, III 
 Director February 24, 2023 /s/ PETER M. BRISTOW 
 
 Peter M. Bristow 
 Director February 24, 2023 /s/ HOPE HOLDING BRYANT 
 
 Hope Holding Bryant 
 Director February 24, 2023 /s/ MICHAEL A. CARPENTER 
 
 Michael A. Carpenter 
 Director February 24, 2023 /s/ H. LEE DURHAM, JR. 
 
 H. Lee Durham, Jr. 
 Director February 24, 2023 /s/ EUGENE FLOOD, JR. 
 
 Eugene Flood, Jr. 
 Director February 24, 2023 
 176 

Signature Title Date /s/ ROBERT R. HOPPE 
 
 Robert R. Hoppe 
 Director February 24, 2023 /s/ FLOYD L. KEELS 
 
 Floyd L. Keels 
 Director February 24, 2023 /s/ ROBERT E. MASON, IV 
 
 Robert E. Mason, IV 
 Director February 24, 2023 /s/ ROBERT T. NEWCOMB 
 
 Robert T. Newcomb 
 Director February 24, 2023 /s/ JOHN R. RYAN 
 
 John R. Ryan 
 Director February 24, 2023 
 Craig L. Nix hereby signs this Annual Report on Form 10-K on February 24, 2023, on behalf of each of the indicated persons for whom he is attorney-in-fact pursuant to a Power of Attorney filed herewith. 
 By: /S/ CRAIG L. NIX Craig L. Nix As Attorney-In-Fact 

177 

<EX-21>
 2
 fcnca_exhibit21x12312022.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (as of December 31, 2022) 
 
 Subsidiary State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company North Carolina FCB NC Capital Trust III Delaware FCB SC Capital Trust II Delaware The CIT Group Equity Investments, LLC Delaware The CIT Group Business Credit, LLC Delaware CIT Lending Services, LLC Delaware CIT Capital Securities LLC Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 fcnca_exhibit231x12312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-236647) on Form S-3 and (No. 333-250131) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Raleigh, North Carolina 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 fcnca_exhibit232x12312022.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements No. 333 250131 on Form S 8 and No. 333 236647 on Form S 3 of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (the Company and its subsidiaries of our report dated February 24, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 s FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 
 
 Tysons, Virginia 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-24>
 5
 fcnca_exhibitx24x12312022.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 WITNESSETH , that each of the undersigned directors of FIRST CITIZENS BANCSHARES, INC. BancShares ), a Delaware corporation, by his or her execution hereof, hereby constitutes and appoints CRAIG L. NIX and MATTHEW G.T. MARTIN, and each of them, with authority to act jointly or individually, as his or her true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact, and in his or her name, place and stead, to execute for him or her BancShares' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report to be filed by BancShares with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all amendments to such Annual Report, and to file the same, together with all exhibits and schedules thereto and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Commission. Within the authority hereinabove granted, each of the undersigned hereby grants unto each said attorney-in-fact full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in the name of the undersigned, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all the acts of each said attorney-in-fact which he or they may lawfully do or cause to be done within the authority hereinabove granted. 
 Signature Title Date_________ 

s Ellen R. Alemany Director February 23, 2023 Ellen R. Alemany 

s John M. Alexander, Jr. Director February 23, 2023 John M. Alexander, Jr. 

s Victor E. Bell, III Director February 23, 2023 Victor E. Bell, III 

s Peter M. Bristow Director February 23, 2023 Peter M. Bristow 

s Hope Holding Bryant Director February 23, 2023 Hope Holding Bryant 

s Michael A. Carpenter Director February 23, 2023 Michael A. Carpenter 

s H. Lee Durham, Jr. Director February 23, 2023 H. Lee Durham, Jr. 
 Page 1 of 2 
 Signature Page for Power of Attorney 

s Eugene Flood, Jr. Director February 23, 2023 Eugene Flood, Jr. 

s Frank B. Holding, Jr. Chairman and February 23, 2023 Frank B. Holding, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 
 
 s Robert R. Hoppe Director February 23, 2023 Robert R. Hoppe 

s Floyd L. Keels Director February 23, 2023 Floyd L. Keels 

s Robert E. Mason, IV Director February 23, 2023 Robert E. Mason, IV 

s Robert T. Newcomb Director February 23, 2023 Robert T. Newcomb 

s John R. Ryan Director February 23, 2023 John R. Ryan 

Page 2 of 2 
 Signature Page for Power of Attorney 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 fcnca_exhibitx311x12312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Frank B. Holding, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (i) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (ii) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (iii) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (iv) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (i) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (ii) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 
 s Frank B. Holding, Jr. Frank B. Holding, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 fcnca_exhibitx312x12312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Craig L. Nix, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (i) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (ii) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (iii) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (iv) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (i) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (ii) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 s Craig L. Nix Craig L. Nix Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 fcnca_exhibitx321x12312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that (i) the Form 10-K filed by First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (the Issuer for the period ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in that report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer on the dates and for the periods presented therein. 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 s Frank B. Holding, Jr. Frank B. Holding, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 fcnca_exhibitx322x12312022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that (i) the Form 10-K filed by First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (the Issuer for the period ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in that report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer on the dates and for the periods presented therein. 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 s Craig L. Nix Craig L. Nix Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 fcnca-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 fcnca-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 fcnca-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 fcnca-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 fcnca-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

