<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_747540_0001213900-23-015040.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3956183</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>169199</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>857893</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>792252</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1094937</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>950922</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-015040.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228090040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-015040
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SURGE COMPONENTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000747540
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-ELECTRONIC PARTS & EQUIPMENT, NEC [5065]
		IRS NUMBER:				112602030
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27688
		FILM NUMBER:		23678791

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		95 EAST JEFRYN BLVD
		CITY:			DEER PARK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11729
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5165951818

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SURGE COMPONENTS INC
		STREET 2:		95 EAST JEFRYN BLVD
		CITY:			DEER PARK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11729

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-015040.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_surgecomp.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class to be so Registered: 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Act: 

Common Stock, Par Value 0.001 

Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of May 31, 2022, the aggregate market value
of the issued and outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of the common stock,
was approximately million. 

The registrant s common stock outstanding
as of February 24, 2023, was shares of common stock. 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 16 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 20 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 20 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 20 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 21 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 21 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 22 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 29 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 32 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 33 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 33 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 34 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 35 

SIGNATURES 
 36 

Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report contains forward-looking statements.
All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding our future results of
operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. 

In some cases, forward-looking statements can
be identified by terms such as may, will, should, expects, plans, 
 anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, 
 believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative
of these terms or other similar words. These statements are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on
our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. We discuss many of the risks in greater detail under the heading Risk Factors. Also, these forward-looking
statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of the filing of this report. Except as required by law, we assume
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of the filing of this report. 

This report also contains estimates and other
statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other industry data. This data involves
a number of assumptions and limitations, and investors are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. We have not independently
verified the statistical and other industry data generated by independent parties and contained in this report and, accordingly, we cannot
guarantee their accuracy or completeness. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future
performance of the industries in which we operate are subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including
those described in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially
from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

References to we, 
 us, our , our company and the company refer to Surge Components, Inc. Surge 
or the Company and, unless the context indicates otherwise, includes Surge s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Challenge/Surge,
Inc. Challenge ), and Surge Components, Limited Surge Limited ). 

We were incorporated under
the laws of the State of New York on November 24, 1981, and re-incorporated in Nevada on August 26, 2010. In February 2019, we converted
into a Delaware corporation. Effective on the close of December 30, 2021, we converted into a Nevada corporation. We completed an initial
public offering of our securities in 1984 and a second offering in August 1996. Our principal executive offices are located at 95 East
Jefryn Boulevard, Deer Park, New York 11729 and our telephone number is (631) 595-1818. 

We are a supplier of electronic
products and components. These products include capacitors, which are electrical energy storage devices, and discrete components, such
as semiconductor rectifiers, transistors and diodes, which are single function low power semiconductor products that are packaged alone
as compared to integrated circuits such as microprocessors. The products that we sell are typically utilized in the electronic circuitry
of diverse products, including, but not limited to, automobiles, telecomm, audio, cellular telephones, computers, consumer electronics,
garage door openers, household appliances, power supplies and security equipment. The products that we sell are sold to both original
equipment manufacturers, commonly referred to as OEMs, who incorporate them into their products, and to distributors of the lines of products
we sell, who resell these products within their customer base. Surge sells its products through three of the top four distributors for
electronic components in the world and also supplies its products to subcontractors who manufacture for their customers. These channels
open doors to Surge at customers which Surge may not have access to otherwise. The products that we sell are manufactured predominantly
in Asia by approximately sixteen independent manufacturers. We only have one binding long-term supply agreement with one of our manufacturers,
Lelon Electronics. We have an agreement to act as the exclusive sales agent utilizing independent sales representative organizations in
North America to sell and market the products for one of such manufacturers, Lelon Electronics. When we act as a sales agent, we receive
a commission from our supplier who sold the product to the customer that we introduced to our supplier. The amount of the commission is
determined on a sale by sale basis depending on the profit margin of the product. Commission revenue totaled 249,248 and 186,566 for
the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 Fiscal 2022 and November 30, 2021 Fiscal 2021 ), respectively. 

Challenge is engaged
in the sale of electronic components. In 1999, Challenge began as a division to sell audible components. We have been able to increase
the types of products that we sell because some of our suppliers introduced new products, and we also located other products from new
suppliers. Our core products include buzzers, speakers, microphones, resonators, alarms, chimes, filters, and discriminators. We now also
work with our suppliers to have our suppliers customize many of the products we sell for many customers through the customers own
designs and those that we work with our suppliers to have our suppliers redesign for them at our suppliers factories. We have engineers
on our staff who work with our suppliers on such redesigns and assists with the introduction of new product lines. We are continually
looking to expand the line of products that we sell. We sell these products through independent representatives that earn a commission
on the products we sell. We are also working with local, regional, and national distributors to sell these products to local accounts
in every state Challenge also at times handles the brokering of certain products, helping their customers find parts that that regular
suppliers can t deliver. 

In order for us to grow, we
will depend on, among other things, the continued growth of the electronics and semiconductor industries, our ability to withstand intense
price competition, our ability to obtain new clients, our ability to retain and attract sales and other personnel in order to expand our
marketing capabilities, our ability to secure adequate sources of products, which are in demand on commercially reasonable terms, our
success in managing growth, including monitoring an expanded level of operations. 

Industry Background 

The United States electronics
distribution industry is composed of manufacturers, national and international distributors, as well as regional and local distributors.
Electronics distributors market numerous products, including active components (such as transistors, microprocessors, integrated circuits
and semiconductors), passive components (such as capacitors and audibles), and electro mechanical, interconnect (such as connectors and
wire) and computer products. Surge focuses its efforts on the sale of capacitors, discrete components, and audible products. 

1 

The electronics industry has
been characterized by intense price cutting and rapid technological changes and development, which could materially adversely affect our
future operating results. In addition, the industry has been affected historically by periodic economic downturns, which have had an adverse
economic effect upon manufacturers and end-users of the products that we sell, as well as distributors. Furthermore, the life-cycle
of existing electronic products and the timing of new product development and introduction can affect the demand for electronic components,
including the products that we sell. Accordingly, any downturn in the electronics industry in general could adversely affect our business
and results of operations. Due to rising transportation and employment costs in Asia, we have seen some U.S. manufacturers start moving
their manufacturing facilities to Mexico to reduce transportation costs and bring manufacturing much closer to home. At this time, however,
none of our customers has moved its manufacturing facilities to Mexico. 

Products 

Surge supplies a wide variety
of electronic components (some of which bear our private Surge label) which can be broadly divided into two categories capacitors
and discrete components. For Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, capacitors accounted for approximately 30 and 29 of Surge s sales, respectively,
of which approximately 75 for each year was Lelon capacitors (discussed below). Discrete components accounted for Surge s remaining
sales in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021. Capacitors and discrete components can be categorized based on various factors, including function,
construction, fabrication and capacity. 

We sell, under the name of
the manufacturer, Lelon Electronics, aluminum electrolytic capacitors, which are capacitors that store and release energy into a circuit
incrementally and are used in various applications, including but not limited to, computers, appliances, automotive, lighting, telecommunications
devices and various consumer products. Our sales of products under the Lelon Electronics name accounted for approximately 33 of our total
sales (and approximately 75 of our capacitor sales as noted above) in Fiscal 2022. 

The principal products sold
by Surge under the Surge name (except with respect to capacitors, which the Company also sells under the Lelon Electronics name as noted
above) or by Challenge are set forth below. 

Capacitors 

A capacitor is an electrical
energy storage device used in the electronics industry for varied applications, principally as elements of resonant circuits, coupling
and bypass applications, blockage of DC current, frequency determining and timing elements, filters and delay-line components. All products
are available in traditional leaded as well as surface mount (chip) packages. The product line of capacitors we sell includes: 

Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitors-
These capacitors, which are Surge s principal product, are storage devices used in power applications to store and release energy
as the electronic circuitry demands. They are commonly used in power supplies and can be found in a wide range of consumer electronics
products. Our supplier has one of the largest facilities for these products in Taiwan and China. These facilities are fully certified
for the International Quality Standard ISO 9001 and QS9000, and TS16949, which means that they meet the strictest requirements established
by the automotive industry and adopted throughout the world to ensure that the facility s manufacturing processes, equipment and
associated quality control systems will satisfy specific customer requirements. This system is also intended and designed to facilitate
clear and thorough record keeping of all quality control and testing information and to ensure clear communication from one department
to another about the information (i.e., quality control, production or engineering). This certification permits us to monitor quality
control/manufacturing process information and to respond to any customer questions. 

Ceramic Capacitors- These
capacitors are the least expensive, and are widely used in the electronics industry. They are commonly used to bypass or filter semiconductors
in resonant circuits and are found predominantly in a wide range of low cost products including computer, telecom, appliances, games and
toys. 

2 

Mylar Film Capacitors- These
capacitors are frequently used for noise suppression and filtering. They are commonly used in telecommunication and computer products.
Surge s suppliers in China have facilities fully certified for all of the above mentioned quality certifications. 

Discrete Components 

Discrete components, such
as semiconductor rectifiers, transistors and diodes, are packaged individually to perform a single or limited function, in contrast to
integrated circuits, such as microprocessors and other chips , which contain from only a few diodes to as many as several
million diodes and other elements in a single package, and are usually designed to perform complex tasks. Surge almost exclusively distributes
discrete, low power semiconductor components rather than integrated circuits. 

The product line of discrete
components we sell includes: 

Rectifiers- Low power semiconductor
rectifiers are devices that convert alternating current, or AC power, into one directional current, or DC power, by permitting current
to flow in one direction only. They tend to be found in most electrical apparatuses, especially those drawing power from an AC wall outlet.
All products are available in traditional leaded as well as surface mount (chip) packages. Surge s rectifier suppliers all have
the aforementioned certifications, giving us an opportunity to market the products that we sell to the automotive industry. 

Transistors- These products
send a signal to the circuit for transmission of waves. They are commonly used in applications involving the processing or amplification
of electric current and electric signals, including data, television, sound and power. All products are available in traditional leaded
as well as surface mount (chip) packages. Surge sells many types of ISO 9002 transistors, including power transistors, designed for large
currents to safely dissipate large amounts of power. 

Diodes- Diodes are two-lead
or surface mount components that allow electric current to flow in only one direction. They are used in a variety of electronic applications,
including signal processing and direction of current. All products are available in traditional leaded as well as surface mount (chip)
packages. Diodes sold include: 

Circuit Protection Devices-
Our circuit protection devices include transient voltage suppressors and metal oxide varistors, which protect circuits against switching,
lightening surges and other uncontrolled power surges and/or interruptions in circuits. Transient voltage suppressors, which offer a higher
level of protection for the circuit, are required in telecommunication products and are typically higher priced products than the metal
oxide varistors, which are more economically priced and are used in consumer products. All products are available in traditional leaded
as well as surface mount (chip) packages. 

Audible Components- These
include audible transducers, Piezo buzzers, speakers, and microphones, which produce an audible sound for, and are used in back-up power
supplies for computers, alarms, appliances, smoke detectors, automobiles, telephones and other products which produce sounds. Challenge
has initiated marketing relationships with certain Asian manufacturers of audible components to sell these products worldwide. All products
are available in traditional leaded as well as surface mount (chip) packages. 

New Products- We periodically
introduce new products, which are intended to complement our existing product lines. These products are ones that are commonly used in
the same circuit designs as other of the products that we sell and will further provide a one- stop-shop for the customer. Some of these
products are common items used in all applications and others are niche items with a focus towards a particular application. These new
products include fuses, printed circuit boards and switches. All products are available in traditional leaded as well as surface mount
(chip) versions. In 2019 we were issued a patent on a new pinpoint alarm designed to improve an individual s ability to determine
the location of the alarm. The improved alarm can be used in a wide variety of applications including reversing vehicles, medical emergency
notification and hardware devices that use Bluetooth or other wireless communication protocols in combination with mobile software applications
to locate lost items. 

3 

Inventory 

In order to adequately service
our customers needs, we believe that it is necessary to maintain large inventories, which makes us more susceptible to price and
technology changes. At any given time, we attempt to maintain a one-to-two month inventory on certain products in high demand for customers
and at least one month for other products. Our inventory currently contains more than 100 million component units consisting of more than
3,000 different part numbers. The products that we sell range in sales price from less than one cent for a commercial diode to more than
 2.00 for high power capacitors and semiconductors. As of November 30, 2022, we maintained inventory valued at 6,408,551. 

Because of the experience
of our management, including Ira Levy and Steven Lubman, we believe that we know the best prices to buy the products we sell and as a
result we generally waive rights to manufacturers inventory protection agreements (including price protection and inventory return
rights), and thereby bear the risk of increases in the prices charged by our manufacturers and decreases in the prices of products held
in our inventory or covered by purchase commitments. If prices of components, which we hold in inventory decline, or if new technology
is developed that displaces products that we sell, our business could be materially adversely affected. The Company has experienced very
little impact from customer design changes and slowdown but this can potentially increase due to economic conditions and customer-specific
business conditions. If our customers experience these changes, our business could be adversely affected. 

Product Availability 

Surge and Challenge obtain
a significant amount of their products from manufacturers in Asia. Of the total goods purchased by Surge and Challenge in Fiscal 2022,
those foreign manufactured products were supplied from manufacturers in Taiwan (42 ), Hong Kong (13 ), elsewhere in Asia (37 and overseas
outside of Asia (less than 1 ). The Company purchases the balance of its products from the United States. The Company purchases its products
from approximately sixteen different manufacturers. 

Most of the facilities that
manufacture products for Surge have obtained International Quality Standard ISO 9002 and other certifications. We typically purchase the
products that we sell in United States currency in order to minimize the risk of currency fluctuations. In most cases, Surge utilizes
two or more alternative sources of supply for each of its products with one primary and one complementary supplier for each product. Surge s
relationships with many of its suppliers date back to the commencement of our import operations in 1983. We have established payment terms
with our manufacturers of between 30 and 60 day open account terms. 

We only have one agreement with
a supplier, Lelon Electronics, which is terminable by either party upon six months notice to the other party. We have
an agreement to act as the sales agent in North America for one of our manufacturers, Lelon Electronics. While we believe that we
have established close working relationships with our principal manufacturers, our success depends, in large part, on maintaining these
relationships and developing new supplier relationships for our existing and future product lines. Because of the lack of long- term contracts,
we may not be able to maintain these relationships. 

For Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal
2021, one of Surge s vendors, Lelon Electronics, accounted for approximately 33 and 34 of Surge s consolidated purchases,
respectively. The loss of or a significant disruption in the relationship with Lelon Electronics, which is our major supplier, could have
a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations until a suitable replacement could be obtained. 

The Company has a written
agreement with Lelon Electronics regarding the supply of inventory for the Company s customers. The Company purchases products under
both the Company s name and Lelon s brand name for the Company s inventory in order to supply the Company s customers.
For the majority of purchases from Lelon Electronics, the Company takes title to the products, houses them in the Company s warehouse
and sells directly to the Company s customers. There is no right of return on the products purchased from Lelon and the Company
accepts all credit risk with regards to sales of these products. 

4 

The components business has,
from time to time, experienced periods of shortages in product supply, usually as the result of demand exceeding available supply. When
these shortages occur, suppliers tend to either increase prices and or reduce the number of units sold to given customers. Should there
be shortages in the future, such shortages may benefit our business if we get preferential supply from our manufacturers. It could also
have an adverse effect upon our business, in the case that our manufacturers don t have enough capacity to provide enough components.
Conversely, due to poor market demand, there could be an excess of components in the market, causing stronger competition and an erosion
of prices. 

Marketing and Sales 

Surge s sales efforts
are directed towards Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) customers in numerous industries where the products that we sell have wide
application. Surge currently employs nine sales and marketing personnel, not including two of its executive officers, who are responsible
for certain key customer relationships. In addition, Surge has expanded its sales team, hiring a Europe manager based in London as well
as one based in China. 

We use independent sales representatives
or organizations, which often specialize in specific products and areas and have specific knowledge of and contacts in particular markets.
We currently have representation agreements with approximately 30 sales representative organizations. Sales representative organizations,
which are generally paid a 5 commission on net sales, are generally responsible in their respective geographic markets for identifying
customers and soliciting customer orders. Pursuant to arrangements with our independent sales representatives, they are permitted to represent
other electronics manufacturers, but are generally prohibited from carrying a line of products competitive with the products that we sell.
These arrangements can be terminated on written notice by either party or if breached by either party. These organizations normally employ
between one and twelve sales representatives. The individual sales representatives employed by the sales organizations generally possess
an expertise which enhances the scope of our marketing and sales efforts. This permits us to avoid the significant costs associated with
creating a direct marketing network. We have had relationships with certain sales organizations since 1988 and continue to engage new
sales organizations as needed. We believe that additional sales organizations and representatives are available to us, if required. 

We have initiated a formal
national distribution program to attract more distributors to promote the products that we sell. We expect this market segment to contribute
significantly to our sales growth over time. 

Many customers require their
suppliers to have a local presence and Surge s network of independent sales representatives are responsive to these needs. Surge
formed a Hong Kong corporation, Surge Components, Limited and hired a regional sales manager to service the Hong Kong/Greater China region
customers. 

Other marketing efforts include
generation and distribution of catalogs and brochures of the products we sell and attendance at trade shows. We have produced an exhibit
for display at electronics trade shows throughout the year. The products that we sell have been exhibited at the electronic distribution
show in Las Vegas, and we intend to continue our commitment and focus on the distribution segment of the industry by our visibility at
the Electronic Distributor Trade Show. In addition, we have updated our website to make it more informative and user friendly. Our search
engines have been improved so that customers can find us more easily and we have developed a new portal system to help with lead management
and disbursement. 

Customers 

The products that we sell
are sold to distributors and OEMs in such diverse industries as the automotive, computer, communications, cellular telephones, consumer
electronics, garage door openers, security equipment, audio equipment, telecomm products, computer related products, power supply products,
utility meters and household appliances industries. We request our distributors to provide point of sales reporting, which enables us
to gain knowledge of the breakdown of industries into which the products that we sell are sold. Two of our customers accounted for 12 
and 21 of net sales for Fiscal 2022, and 14 and 16 of net sales for Fiscal 2021. Our discrete components are often sold to the
same clients as our capacitors. These OEM customers typically accept samples for evaluation and, if approved, we work towards procuring
the next orders for these items. 

5 

Typically, we do not maintain
contracts with our customers and generally sell products pursuant to customer purchase orders. Although our customer base has increased,
the loss of our largest customers as well as, to a lesser extent, the loss of any other material customer, could have a materially adverse
effect on our operations during the short-term until we are able to generate replacement business, although we may not be able to obtain
such replacement business. Because of our contracts and good working relationships with our distributors, we offer the OEMs, when purchasing
through distributors, extended payment terms, just-in- time deliveries and one-stop shopping for many types of electronic products. 

Competition 

We conduct business in the
highly competitive electronic components industry. We expect this industry to remain competitive. We face intense competition in both
our selling efforts and purchasing efforts from the many companies that manufacture or distribute electronic components. Our principal
competitors in the sale of capacitors include Nichicon, Panasonic, Illinois Capacitor, NIC, AVX, Murata, Epcos, United Chemicon, Rubycon,
Vishay and Kemet. Our principal competitors in the sale of discrete components include Vishay, General Semiconductor Division, General
Instrument Corp., OnSemi, Inc., Microsemi Corp., Diodes, Inc. and Littlefuse, and Copper Bussman Division. Our principal competition in
the audible business include AVX, Murata, Panasonic, Projects Unlimited, International Components Corp. and Star Micronics. Many of these
companies are well established with substantial expertise, and have much greater assets and greater financial, marketing, personnel, and
other resources than we do. Many larger competing suppliers also carry product lines which we do not carry. Generally, large semiconductor
manufacturers and distributors do not focus their direct selling efforts on small to medium sized OEMs and distributors, which constitute
many of our customers. As our customers become larger, and as the market becomes more competitive, our competitors may find it beneficial
to focus direct selling efforts on those customers, which could result in our facing increased competition, the loss of customers or pressure
on our profit margins. We are finding increased competition from manufacturers located in Asia due to the increased globalization nature
of the business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to compete effectively with existing or potential competitors.
Other factors that will affect our success in these markets include our continued ability to attract additional experienced marketing,
sales and management talent, and our ability to expand our support, training and field service capabilities. Additionally, since the tsunami
and earthquake in Japan in 2012, our competitors have established manufacturing facilities in China enabling them to be more competitive
by lowering their labor rates and manufacturing costs. Also, as the world continues to become global and customers have easier access
to suppliers in Asia, our business could be adversely affected since the internet enables customers to meet and interact with suppliers
through Google and other search engines which customers had not previously done. 

Customer Service 

We have customer service employees
whose time is dedicated largely to responding to customer inquiries such as price quote requests, delivery status of new or existing purchase
orders, changes of existing order dates, quantities, dates, etc. We intend to increase our customer service capabilities, as necessary. 

Foreign Trade Regulation 

Most products sold by Surge
are manufactured in Asia, including such countries as Taiwan, South Korea, Hong Kong, India, Japan and China. The purchase of goods manufactured
in foreign countries is subject to a number of risks, including economic disruptions, transportation delays and interruptions, foreign
exchange rate fluctuations, impositions of tariffs and import and export controls, and changes in governmental policies, any of which
could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Potential concerns may include drastic devaluation of
currencies, loss of supplies and increased competition within the region. 

From time to time, protectionist
pressures have influenced United States trade policy concerning the imposition of significant duties or other trade restrictions upon
foreign products. We cannot predict whether additional United States customs quotas, duties, taxes or other charges or restrictions will
be imposed upon the importation of foreign components in the future or what effect such actions could have on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

6 

Our ability to remain competitive
with respect to the pricing of imported components could be adversely affected by increases in tariffs or duties, changes in trade treaties,
strikes in air or sea transportation, and possible future United States legislation with respect to pricing and import quotas on products
from foreign countries. Our ability to remain competitive could also be affected by other governmental actions related to, among other
things, anti-dumping legislation and international currency fluctuations. While we do not believe that any of these factors adversely
impact our business at the present time, there can be no assurance that these factors will not materially adversely affect us in the future.
Since July 2018, when tariffs started to impact some of the Company s sales, the Company has been able to pass on the tariffs to
its U.S. and Canadian customers. We have also changed our shipping terms with our Mexico customers to Free Carrier, which means we deliver
the goods to the customers Hong Kong freight forwarder, who then becomes responsible for the transportation and tariff costs. Any
significant disruption in the delivery of merchandise from our suppliers, substantially all of whom are foreign, could have a materially
adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

Government Regulation 

Various laws and regulations
relating to safe working conditions, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, are applicable to our Company. We believe we are
in substantial compliance with all material federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding safe working conditions. We believe
that the cost of compliance with such governmental regulations is not material. 

We are subject to the United
States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits United States companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments
to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Foreign companies, including some that may compete with us, are
not subject to these prohibitions. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe
penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
To the Company s knowledge, none of our employees or other agents have engaged in such practices. 

The Company has been impacted
by the tariffs in effect or being considered by the United States to impose on Chinese goods being imported into the United States, which
includes the Company s products. The imposition of such tariffs will likely cause our costs, as well as the prices we charge customers,
to increase. 

Environmental and Regulatory Compliance 

We are subject to various
environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the handling and management
of certain chemicals used in electronic components. 

We do not believe that compliance
with these laws and regulations will have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. 

Patents, Trademarks and Proprietary Information 

In September 2018, we were
issued a U.S. patent application with the United States Patent and Trademark Office for an improved pinpoint alarm designed to improve
an individual s ability to determine the location of an alarm versus standard single, multi-frequency, or broadband alarms. The
improved alarm can be used in a wide variety of applications, including reversing vehicles, medical emergency notification, and hardware
devices that use Bluetooth or other wireless communications protocols in combination with mobile software applications to locate lost
items, including phones, wallets, and keys. Our patent issued on December 31, 2019, as United States Patent No. 10,522,008. With regard
to our other products, although we have no knowledge that such products infringe patents or trademarks, or violate proprietary rights
of others, it is possible that alleged infringement of existing or future patents, trademarks or proprietary rights of others may
occur. In the event that the products that we sell are alleged to infringe proprietary rights of others, these products may have to be
modified or redesigned. However, there can be no assurance that any infringing products will be able to be modified or redesigned in a
way that does not infringe on the proprietary rights of others, which could have a material adverse effect upon our operations. In addition,
there can be no assurance that we will have the financial or other resources necessary to enforce or defend a patent infringement or proprietary
rights violation action. Moreover, if the products we sell infringe patents, trademarks or proprietary rights of others, we could, under
certain circumstances, become liable for damages, which also could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

7 

With respect to the other
products that we sell, we have no patents, trademarks or copyrights registered in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in
any state. Additionally, to the best of our knowledge the manufacturers of the products that we sell do not have patents, trademarks or
copyrights registered in the United States Patent and Trademark Officer or in any state. We rely on the know-how, experience and capabilities
of our management personnel. 

Backlog 

As of November 30, 2022, our
backlog was approximately 18,408,000, as compared with 27,326,000 at November 30, 2021. Substantially all backlog is expected to be
shipped by us within 365 days of booking date. Due to the economic downturn, some of the Company s customers have cancelled orders
while others are not placing as many new orders. Year to year comparisons of backlog are not necessarily indicative of future operating
results. 

Employees 

As of November 30, 2022, Surge
and Challenge employed 46 persons, two of whom are employed in executive capacities, nine are engaged in sales, five in engineering,
four in purchasing, seven in administrative capacities, fourteen in customer service, two in accounting and three in warehousing. None
of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

Competitive pay and benefits.
The Company s compensation programs are designed to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve
superior results. We provide employee wages that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge
and geographic location. Annual increases and incentive compensation are based on merit, which is communicated to the employees at the
time of hiring. Employees are eligible for paid and unpaid leaves, a retirement plan, and disability/accident coverage. 

Health and safety. The health
and safety of our employees is our highest priority. Our safety focus is also evident in our response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Adding work from home flexibility. 

Adjusting attendance policies to encourage those who are sick to stay home. 

Increasing cleaning protocols across all locations. 

Implementing daily health screenings of employees. 

Establishing new physical distancing procedures for employees who need to be onsite. 

Providing additional personal protective equipment and cleaning supplies. 

Modifying work spaces with plexiglass dividers. 

8 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our common
stock involves a high degree of risk. An investor should carefully consider the risks described below as well as other information contained
in this annual report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations
could be materially adversely affected, the value of our common stock could decline, and an investor may lose all or part of his or her
investment. 

Risks Related to our Business 

We have an agreement with only one of our
suppliers and we depend on a limited number of suppliers 

We have an agreement with
only one of our suppliers (Lelon Electronics), which agreement is terminable by either party upon notice to the other party. Lelon Electronics
accounted for approximately 33 and 34 of the Company s consolidated purchases in the years ending November 30, 2022 and November
30, 2021. We also act as the exclusive sales agent in North America for Lelon Electronics. While we believe that we have established close
working relationships with our principal suppliers, our success depends, in large part, on maintaining these relationships and developing
new supplier relationships for our existing and future product lines. There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain these relationships.
While we believe that there are alternative semiconductor and capacitor suppliers whose replacement products may be acceptable to our
customers, the loss of, or a significant disruption in the relationship with, one or more of our major suppliers would likely have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We need to maintain large inventories in
order to succeed and as a result, price fluctuations could harm us. 

In order to adequately service
our customers, we believe that it is necessary to maintain a large inventory of products. Accordingly, we attempt to maintain a one-to-two
month inventory of those products which we supply to our customers. As a result of our strategic inventory purchasing policies, under
which we order products to obtain preferential pricing, we generally waive the right to manufacturers inventory protection agreements
(including price protection and inventory return rights). As a result, we bear the risk of increases in the prices charged by our manufacturers
to the Company and decreases in the prices we are able to charge our customers. If prices of components which we hold in inventory decline
or if new technology is developed that displaces products which we sell, our business could be materially adversely affected. Typically
the Company has experienced very little impact from customer design changes and slowdown but this can potentially increase due to economic
conditions and specific customers business conditions. If our customers experience these changes, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our operations would be adversely effected
if we lose certain of our customers. 

For Fiscal 2022, approximately
12 and 21 of our net sales were derived from sales to two customers. Although our customer base has increased, the loss of our
largest customers as well as, to a lesser extent, the loss of any other material customer, would be expected to have a materially adverse
effect on our operations until we are able to generate replacement business, although we may not be able to obtain such replacement business. 

We may not be able to compete against large
competitors who have better resources. 

We face intense competition,
in both our selling efforts and purchasing efforts, from the many companies that manufacture or distribute electronic components and semiconductors.
Our principal competitors in the sale of capacitors include Nichicon, Panasonic, Illinois Capacitor, NIC, AVX, Murata, Epcos, United Chemicon,
Rubycon, Vishay and Kemet, General Semiconductor Division, General Instrument Corp., OnSemi, Inc., Microsemi Corp., Diodes, Inc. and Littlefuse,
and Copper Bussman Division. Many of these companies are well established with substantial expertise, and have much greater assets and
greater financial, marketing, personnel, and other resources than we do. Many larger competing suppliers also carry product lines which
we do not carry. Generally, large semiconductor manufacturers and distributors do not focus their direct selling efforts on small to medium
sized OEMs and distributors, which constitute most of our customers. As our customers become larger, however, our competitors may find
it beneficial to focus direct selling efforts on those customers, which could result in our facing increased competition, the loss of
customers or pressure on our profit margins. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to compete effectively with existing
or potential competitors. The Company periodically introduces new products including most recently, switches. 

9 

System failure or cybersecurity breaches
of our network security could subject us to increased operating costs, as well as litigation and other potential losses . 

The computer systems and network
infrastructure that we use could be vulnerable to unforeseen hardware and cybersecurity issues, including hacking and
 identity theft. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment against damage from fire,
power loss, telecommunications failure or a similar catastrophic event. Any damage or failure that causes an interruption in our operations
could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our operations are dependent upon our
ability to protect our computer systems and network infrastructure against damage from physical break-ins, cybersecurity breaches
and other disruptive problems caused by the Internet or other users. Such computer break-ins and other disruptions would jeopardize the
security of information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in significant
liability to us and damage our reputation. 

Despite efforts to ensure
the integrity of our systems, we will not be able to anticipate all security breaches of these types, nor will we be able to implement
guaranteed preventive measures against such security breaches. Persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources,
time and motive. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can originate from
a wide variety of sources, including outside groups such as external service providers, organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations
or hostile foreign governments. 

A successful attack to our
system security could cause us serious negative consequences, including significant disruption of operations, misappropriation of confidential
information, or damage to our computers or systems or those of our customers. A successful security breach could result in violations
of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to us or to our customers, loss of confidences in our security measures, significant
litigation exposure, and harm to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

In April 2021, the Company
launched an investigation into a ransomware attack on the Company s systems. Based on the review of the forensic files, it was determined
that the threat actor used ransomware to access Company files. No ransom was paid to the threat actors and all parties associated with
the compromised files were notified. 

Our business will be adversely affected
if there is a shortage of components. 

The components business has,
from time to time, experienced periods of extreme shortages in product supply, generally as the result of demand exceeding available supply.
When these shortages occur, suppliers tend to either increase prices or reduce the number of units sold to customers. We believe that
because of our large inventory and our relationships with our manufacturers, we have not been adversely affected by shortages in certain
discrete semiconductor components. However, future shortages may have an adverse effect upon our business especially if we were to reduce
inventory to cut costs and reduce risks of obsolescence. Currently, the Company believes that its lead time is better than their
competitors and we have been able to maintain the customers we have as well as in some instances acquire new customers. However, our business
could be affected if the Company is unable to maintain the levels of inventory needed to keep our customers lines running. 

Our success depends on key personnel whose
continued service is not guaranteed. 

Our continued success and
our ability to manage anticipated future growth depend, in large part, upon the efforts of key personnel, particularly Ira Levy and Steven
Lubman, our chief executive officer and vice president, respectively, who have extensive industry knowledge and relationships and exercise
substantial influence over our operations. The loss of services of one or both of these individuals, or our inability to attract and retain
highly qualified personnel, could adversely affect our business, and weaken our relationships with suppliers, business partners, and industry
personnel, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and trading price of our common stock. 

Our business is subject to risks from trade
regulation and foreign economic conditions. 

Approximately 93 of the total
goods which we purchased in Fiscal 2022 were manufactured in foreign countries, with the majority purchased from Taiwan (42 ), Hong
Kong (13 ), elsewhere in Asia (37 and outside of Asia (less than 1 ). These purchases subject us to a number of risks, including economic
disruptions, transportation delays and interruptions, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, imposition of tariffs and import and export
controls and changes in governmental policies, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Potential concerns may include drastic devaluation of currencies, loss of supplies and increased competition within the region. 

10 

The ability to remain competitive
with respect to the pricing of imported components could be adversely affected by increases in tariffs or duties, changes in trade treaties,
strikes in air or sea transportation, and possible future United States legislation with respect to pricing and import quotas on products
from foreign countries. For example, it is possible that political or economic developments in China, or with respect to the United States 
relationship with China, could have an adverse effect on our business. Our ability to remain competitive could also be affected by other
governmental actions related to, among other things, anti-dumping legislation and international currency fluctuations. While we do not
believe that any of these factors have adversely impacted our business in the past, there can be no assurance that these factors will
not materially adversely affect us in the future. Because the China internal consumption market is depressed, this will increase competition,
as there is now a smaller market potential target. Therefore, we believe certain of our competitors will reduce their pricing to capture
more market share. 

Electronics industry cyclicality may adversely
affect our operations. 

The electronics industry has
been affected historically by general economic downturns, which have had an adverse economic effect upon manufacturers and end-users of
capacitors and semiconductors. In addition, the life-cycle of existing electronic products and the timing of new product developments
and introductions can affect demand for semiconductor components. Any downturns in the electronics distribution industry could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. 

Epidemic diseases, or the perception of
their effects, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic,
or contagious diseases, such as the recent novel coronavirus or, historically, the Ebola virus, Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, Severe
Acute Respiratory Syndrome, or the H1N1 virus, could cause disruptions in our business. These disruptions could include disruptions or
restrictions on our ability to travel or to distribute our products, as well as temporary closures of our facilities or the facilities
of our suppliers and their contract manufacturers. Any disruption of our suppliers and their contract manufacturers or our customers would
likely impact our sales and operating results. In addition, order cancellations, or order hold notices from customers could be experienced.
A significant outbreak of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases in the human population could result in a widespread health crisis
that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect
demand for our products. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
or cash flows. 

Most of our products are not protected by
patents, trademarks and proprietary information. 

On December 31, 2019, a U.S.
patent which was issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office for an improved pinpoint alarm designed to improve an individual s
ability to determine the location of an alarm versus standard single, multi-frequency, or broadband alarms, which can be used in a wide
variety of applications, including reversing vehicles, medical emergency notification, and hardware devices that use Bluetooth or other
wireless communications protocols in combination with mobile software applications to locate lost items, including phones, wallets, and
keys. We have no other patents, trademarks or copyrights registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 

Although we have no knowledge
that our products infringe patents or trademarks, or violate proprietary rights of others, it is possible that alleged infringement
of existing or future patents, trademarks or proprietary rights of others may occur. In the event that the products that we sell are alleged
to infringe proprietary rights of others, these products may have to be modified or redesigned. However, there can be no assurance that
any infringing products will be able to be modified or redesigned in a way that does not infringe on the proprietary rights of others,
which could have a material adverse effect upon our operations. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will have the financial
or other resources necessary to enforce or defend a patent infringement or proprietary rights violation action. Moreover, if the products
we sell infringe patents, trademarks or proprietary rights of others, we could, under certain circumstances, become liable for damages,
which also could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

11 

Additionally to the best of
our knowledge the manufacturers of the products that we sell do not have patents, trademarks or copyrights registered in the United States
Patent and Trademark Officer or in any state. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Market,
which may limit the liquidity and price of our common stock more than if our common stock were listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market or another
national exchange. 

Our securities are currently
quoted on the OTC Market, an inter-dealer electronic quotation and trading system or equity securities. Quotation of our securities
on the OTC Market may limit the liquidity and price of our securities more than if our securities were listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market
or another national exchange. Some investors may perceive our securities to be less attractive because they are traded in the over-the-counter
market. In addition, as an OTC quoted company, we do not attract the extensive analyst coverage that accompanies companies listed on national
exchanges. Further, institutional and other investors may have investment guidelines that restrict or prohibit investing in securities
traded on the OTC Market. These factors may have an adverse impact on the trading and price of our common stock. 

The market price of our common
stock may fluctuate significantly in response to the following factors, most of which are beyond our control: 

variations in our quarterly operating results; 

changes in general economic conditions; 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant new contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures, or capital commitments; 

loss of a major supplier or customer; and 

the addition or loss of key managerial and collaborative personnel. 

Any such fluctuations may
adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. As a result, stockholders may be
unable to sell their shares, or may be forced to sell them at a loss. 

The application of the penny stock 
rules could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and increase an investor s transaction costs to sell those shares. 

Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange
Act defines penny stock, in part, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or an exercise
price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9
of the Exchange Act requires that a broker or dealer: 

approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and 

receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

12 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain
 financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person; and 

make
 a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge
 and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which: 

sets
 forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and 

that
 the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our organizational documents and the shareholder rights plan that we have adopted may discourage or prevent a change of
control, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders, which could affect our stock price adversely and prevent attempts
by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws currently contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes
in our Board of Directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions: 

authorize
 the issuance of preferred stock which can be created and issued by the Board of Directors without prior stockholder approval, with
 rights senior to those of our common stock; 

prohibit
 our stockholders from calling special stockholder meetings or taking action by written consent; and 

require
 advance written notice of stockholder proposals and director nominations. 

We
have also adopted a shareholder rights plan that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage a third
party from acquiring, us or a large block of our common stock. A third party that acquires 5 or more of our common stock could suffer
substantial dilution of its ownership interest under the terms of the shareholder rights plan through the issuance of our shares to all
stockholders other than the acquiring person. These and other provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws could make it more
difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our Board of Directors or initiate actions that are opposed by
our then-current Board of Directors, including a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest involving our company. Any delay or prevention
of a change of control transaction or changes in our Board of Directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

13 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices and
warehouse facilities are located at 95 East Jefryn Boulevard, Deer Park, New York, 11729. We lease our facilities from Great American
Realty of Jefryn Blvd., LLC Great American ), an entity that is 50 owned by Ira Levy, Surge s president and Steven
Lubman, Surge s vice president. Our lease is through September 30, 2030 and our monthly rent for the year ended November 30,
2022 was 16,142 We occupy approximately 23,250 square feet of office space and warehouse space. The rental rate is typical for the
type and location of Surge s and Challenge s facilities. 

The Company has a lease to
rent office space and a warehouse in Hong Kong Through June 2023. Annual minimum rental payments for this space are approximately 68,580. 

The Company has a lease to
rent additional warehouse space in Hong Kong through December 31, 2022. Annual minimum rental payments for this space are approximately
 36,840. 

The Company has a lease to
rent additional warehouse space in Hong Kong through November 30, 2023. Annual minimum rental payments for this space are approximately
 70,908. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

14 

PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Shares of our common stock
are quoted on the OTC Pink Market maintained by OTC Markets Group under the symbol SPRS . Trading in our common stock is
limited. Quotations represent inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. 

As of the date of the filing
of this report, there are 5,541,342 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

As of the date of the filing
of this report, there are approximately 176 holders of record of our common stock. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table provides
information as of November 30, 2022 with respect to the shares of common stock that may be issued under our existing equity compensation
plans: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column a (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plan approved by security holders (1) 
 360,000 
 2.54 
 1,190,615 

Equity compensation plan not yet approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 360,000 
 2.54 
 1,190,615 

(1) Represents
the Company s 2015 Incentive Stock Plan. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 

None. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or
paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future for our common
stock. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable
laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors
that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

15 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

None. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This report contains forward-looking
statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained herein, including statements regarding our future results
of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. 

In some cases, forward-looking
statements can be identified by terms such as may, will, should, expects, plans, 
 anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, 
 believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative
of these terms or other similar words. These statements are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on
our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. We discuss many of the risks in greater detail under the heading Risk Factors. Also, these forward-looking
statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of the filing of this report. Except as required by law, we assume
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of the filing of this report. 

Overview 

The Company operates with
two sales groups, Surge Components Surge and Challenge Electronics Challenge ). Surge is a supplier of electronic
products and components. These products include capacitors, which are electrical energy storage devices, and discrete semiconductor components,
such as rectifiers, transistors and diodes, which are single function low power semiconductor products that are packaged alone as compared
to integrated circuits such as microprocessors. The products sold by Surge are typically utilized in the electronic circuitry of diverse
products, including, but not limited to, automobiles, audio products, temperature control products, lighting products, energy related
products, computer related products, various types of consumer products, garage door openers, household appliances, power supplies and
security equipment. These products are sold to both original equipment manufacturers, commonly referred to as OEMs, who incorporate them
into their products, and to distributors of the lines of products we sell, who resell these products within their customer base. These
products are manufactured predominantly in Asia by approximately sixteen independent manufacturers. We act as the master distribution
agent utilizing independent sales representative organizations in North America to sell and market the products for one such manufacturer
pursuant to a written agreement. When we act as a sales agent, our supplier who sold the product to the customer that we introduced to
our supplier pays us a commission. The amount of the commission is determined on a sale by sale basis depending on the profit margin of
the product. Commission revenue totaled 249,248 and 186,566 for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 respectively. 

Challenge is engaged
in the sale of electronic components. In 1999, Challenge began as a division to sell audible components. We have been able to increase
the types of products that we sell because some of our suppliers introduced new products, and we also located other products from new
suppliers. Our core products include buzzers, speakers, microphones, resonators, alarms, chimes, filters, and discriminators. We now also
work with our suppliers to have our suppliers customize many of the products we sell for many customers through the customers own
designs and those that we work with our suppliers to have our suppliers redesign for them at our suppliers factories. We have engineers
on our staff who work with our suppliers on such redesigns and assists with the introduction of new product lines. We are continually
looking to expand the line of products that we sell. We sell these products through independent representatives that earn a commission
on the products we sell. We are also working with local, regional, and national distributors to sell these products to local accounts
in every state. Challenge also at times handles the brokering of certain products, helping their customers find parts that that regular
suppliers can t deliver. 

The Company has a Hong Kong office
to effectively handle the transfer business from United States customers purchasing and manufacturing in Asia after designing the products
in the United States. This office has strengthened the Company s global position, improving our capabilities and service to our
customer base. The Company has also made progress in expanding its footprint in China and Europe by hiring key sales managers in thise
areas. 

16 

The world of business continues
to change because of disruptors, which are significant changes in traditional business practices that did not previously
exist. For example, customers continue to centralize purchasing from regional purchasing and are stretching their payment terms. These
changes also include customers moving their manufacturing operations from North America to Asia, and the trend of globalization. Some
of our customers have been involved in mergers and acquisitions, causing consolidation. This trend makes business more complicated and
costly for the Company. The Company must have a presence in Asia to service and further develop the business. For these reasons, we established
Surge Ltd., our Hong Kong subsidiary. Currency fluctuations may also have an effect on doing business outside of North America. Customers
have moved to reduce their supply chain, which could adversely affect the Company. In some market segments, demand for electronic components
have decreased, and in other segments, the demand is still strong. Some technologies have become obsolete, while customers develop new
products using different kinds of components. Management expects 2023 to be a year of continued change, in regards to pandemic healing,
inflation and general economic conditions, challenge, in regards to maintaining consistent flow of products during shortages of certain
products, and growth as we see our customers return to full production pace. These challenges could affect the Company in negative ways,
possibly reducing sales and or profitability. Because of a labor shortage, our customers engineering staff has been challenged, so getting
our products approved has been and will continue to take longer to achieve. Additionally, the cost of raw materials has continued to
increase, and due to that fact, our costs have increased. Our 2023 year-to-date sales reflect strong growth and the Company has a strong
backlog with customers due to the increased demand for products and the fact that customers are placing orders further into 2023. The
Company has also been able to handle the brokering of certain semiconductor products, helping their customers to keep product lines up
and running by locating products that their regular suppliers can t deliver. In order for the Company to continue to grow, we will
depend on, among other things, the continued growth of the electronics and semiconductor industries, our ability to withstand intense
price competition, our ability to obtain new customers, our ability to retain and attract sales and other key personnel in order to expand
our marketing capabilities, our ability to secure adequate sources of products, which are in demand on commercially reasonable terms,
our success in executing and managing growth, including monitoring an expanded level of operations and systems, controlling costs, the
availability of adequate financing, the continued supply of products from our factories, the ability to withstand higher transportation
costs and longer travel times due to the backup at the ports and our ability to deal successfully, with new and future disruptors. The
tariffs continue to impact the Company. At this time there is a shortage of electronics components which could impact the Company s
growth. The general supply chain challenges present both a challenge and opportunity to the Company. The Company is cautiously optimistic
about its ability to meet these challenges with continued growth, unless the general economic conditions deteriorate. Financial news
has been talking about the decreases in consumer demand for certain consumer goods such as PC s and smartphones and the possibility
of a recession in 2023. These economic conditions could have a negative impact on sales in 2023. The combination of disruptors such as
increased costs and longer lead times from factories to the Company could also have negative impacts on the business in the future. The
tense relations between America and China could also impact the Company s business. China could impose rules and laws that make
it more difficult to do business in Hong Kong and China. The Company is taking steps to be well prepared in case of any actions from
China that would cause us business disruption. As economic conditions have deteriorated, it has impacted the Company s business.
Customers have pushed back delivery dates and in some cases required cancellations. We are watching closely as customers adjust their
inventory levels to reflect this new business demand, and the Company will respond accordingly. 

Impact of Covid-19 

In March 2020, the World Health
Organization categorized COVID-19 as a pandemic and it continues to impact the global economy. During the pandemic we did everything we
could do to keep customers production running and keep operations as smooth and stable as possible, and we will continue to do our best
to do so. The Company has experienced order cancellations and order hold notices from customers and we expect this could continue. While
the worst effects of the pandemic may be behind us in the United States, the virus situation is still serious globally, and business with
customers in different regions is impacted more or less based on the Covid status in that region. Spikes of Covid that may cause China
lockdowns can have an adverse impact on manufacturing stability and the ability of our Asia salespeople to visit customers. Although the
Company s business has improved in the Fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 and our customers outlook for their business is
stronger than it was previously, we cannot guarantee that the increase in subsequent quarters will continue as the coronavirus conditions
may change. Additionally, the spread of COVID-19 and the related actions implemented by governments of the United States and elsewhere
across the globe, may worsen again over time. Thus, the pandemic may have an impact on the Company s operations, the future effect
of which will largely depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. The Company continues
to monitor its operations and applicable government recommendations and requirements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Accounts Receivable 

The allowance for doubtful
accounts is based on the Company s assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts and an assessment of international,
political and economic risk as well as the aging of the accounts receivable. If there is a change in actual defaults from the Company s
historical experience, the Company s estimates of recoverability of amounts due could be affected and the Company would adjust the
allowance accordingly. 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenue is recognized when
persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed and determinable, collectability is reasonably
assured and title and risk of loss have been transferred to the customer. This occurs when product is shipped from the Company s
warehouse. For direct shipments from our suppliers to our customer, revenue is recognized when product is shipped from the Company s
supplier. The Company acts as a sales agent for certain customers buying direct from one of its suppliers. The Company reports these commissions
as revenues in the period earned. 

17 

The Company performs ongoing
credit evaluations of its customers and maintains reserves for potential credit losses. 

Inventory Valuation 

Inventories are recorded at
the lower of cost or net realizable value. Write-downs of inventories to net realizable value are based on stock rotation, historical
sales requirements and obsolescence as well as in the changes in the backlog. Reserves required for obsolescence were not material in
any of the periods in the financial statements presented. Reserves related to stock rotation and future sales requirements for specific
inventory parts involve subjective estimates to be made by management based on current and expected market conditions. If market conditions
are less favorable than those projected by management, additional write-downs of inventories could be required. For example, each additional
1 of obsolete inventory would reduce operating income by approximately 67,000. 

The Company does not have
price protection agreements with any of its vendors and assumes the risk of changes in the prices of its products. The Company does not
believe there to be a significant risk with regards to the lack of price protection agreements as many of its inventory items are purchased
to fulfill purchase orders received. 

Income Taxes 

We have made a number of estimates
and assumptions relating to the reporting of a deferred income tax asset to prepare our financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. These estimates may have a significant impact on our valuation allowance relating to deferred income taxes.
Our estimates could materially impact the financial statements. 

Results of Operations 

Consolidated net sales for
the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 increased by 12,082,533 or 30.3 , to 51,910,790 as compared to net sales of 39,828,257 for
the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021. We attribute the increase to an increase in business with new customers as well as an increase
in business with existing customers. We can also attribute some of the increase in sales during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022,
to one of the Company s divisions brokering certain products. In Brokering, the Company helps customers find parts that their regular
suppliers can not deliver. Net sales for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 reflect 1,477,031 and 862,854,
respectively of tariff costs that the Company was able to pass on to its customers. 

Our gross profit for the fiscal
year ended November 30, 2022 increased by 3,431,641 to 14,317,421, or 31.5 , as compared to 10,885,780 for the fiscal year ended November
30, 2021. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased to 27.6 for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 compared to 27.3 for
the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021. The increase can be attributed to the increase in sales volume as well as offset by certain
products being sold at a higher profit margin. Our industry will continue to receive pressure from customers for price reductions. Some
of them further demand periodic price reductions on a quarterly or semi-annual basis, as opposed to annual fixed pricing. We work with
electronic manufacturing service subcontractor customers who manufacture products for other customers who do not have their own manufacturing
operations. At times we are not able to recover these price reductions from our suppliers. The Company has agreements with these subcontractor
customers to provide periodic cost reductions through rebates in the amount of 5 . These reductions only affect future shipments
of our products, and do not affect existing orders. These reductions can have a negative impact on our profit margins since they reduce
the amount of commissions we can earn. Even though this rebate can impact the Company s gross profit margin, these subcontractor
customers represent very significant potential growth for the Company, because they can help the Company become an approved supplier at
the customers they manufacture for, and they purchase our components for these customers. We believe it would be very difficult for the
Company to achieve business at these customers without the help of these subcontractor customers. During Fiscal 2022, the Company was
impacted by tariff costs on certain products imported from China, which went into effect as of July 6, 2018. The Company has been able
to pass along a portion of these costs to its customers. The Company is also moving some customer deliveries directly to Hong Kong in
order to mitigate some of these costs. 

18 

Selling and shipping expenses
for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 was 3,305,714, an increase of 719,107, or 27.8 , as compared to 2,586,607 for the
fiscal year ended November 30, 2021. We attribute the increase to increases in sales and the resulting selling expenses such
as commission expenses, travel and entertainment expenses, sales payroll and auto expenses, offset by decreases in freight out expenses. 

General and administrative
expenses for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 was 6,210,892, an increase of 1,135,086, or 22.4 , as compared to 5,075,806 for
the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021. The increase is due primarily to increases in salaries and related payroll taxes, rental expenses,
professional fees and office expenses as well as health and general insurance expenses and temporary help expenses and consulting and
directors fees, public company expenses and warehouse expenses offset by decreases in computer expenses, bad debt expenses and settlement
expenses. 

Depreciation expense for the
fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 was 78,398, an increase of 8,300, or 11.8 , as compared to 70,098 for the fiscal year ended November
30, 2021. The increase is due to the company purchasing new equipment during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022. 

Tax expense for the fiscal
year ended November 30, 2022 was 1,171,562, an increase of 79,275 as compared to a tax expense of 1,092,287 for the fiscal year
ended November 30, 2021. The changes result from our increase in net income for such periods. 

As a result of the foregoing,
net income for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 was 3,736,146, compared to a net income of 2,510,761 for the fiscal year ended
November 30, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of November 30, 2022 we
had cash of 8,690,040, and working capital of 16,845,484. We believe that our working capital levels are adequate to meet our operating
requirements during the next twelve months. The Company is exploring and evaluating opportunities for growth and expansion using
the Company s cash resources. 

During the fiscal year ended November
30, 2022, we had net cash flow provided by operating activities of 2,235,298, as compared to net cash flow provided by operating activities
of 2,327,043 for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021. The increase in cash flow from operating activities resulted from increases
in net income, changes in stock compensation expense, accounts receivable and a smaller increase in inventory, and a decrease in the gain
on forgiveness of the Payroll Protection Plan loan, as partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses and deferred
taxes. 

We had net cash flow used
in investing activities of (48,351) for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022, as compared to net cash flow used in investing activities
of (194,909) for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021. We attribute the change to the Company purchasing more new equipment
during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021. 

We had net cash flow used
in financing activities of (8,495) during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 as compared to (8,475) provided by financing activities
for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021. 

19 

As a result of the foregoing,
the Company had a net increase in cash of 2,178,452 for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022, as compared to a net increase in cash
of 2,123,659 for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021. 

The table below sets forth
our contractual obligations, including long-term debt, operating leases and other long-term obligations, as of November 30, 2022: 

Payments due 

0 12 
 13 36 
 37 60 
 More than 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 Months 
 Months 
 Months 
 60 Months 
 
 Financing Lease Obligations 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating leases 
 1,773,872 
 309,216 
 408,452 
 424,952 
 631,252 
 
 Total obligations 
 1,773,872 
 309,216 
 408,452 
 424,952 
 631,252 

Inflation 

In the past two fiscal years,
inflation has not had a significant impact on our business. The Company has been able to pass along increases in purchasing costs to their
Customers. However, some logistics costs such as ocean and air freight are not passed along to customers. Any significant increase in
inflation and interest rates could have a significant effect on the economy in general and, thereby, could affect our future operating
results. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off balance
sheet arrangements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company and therefore, we are not required to provide information required by this Item of Form 10-K. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Information 

Our financial statements,
together with the independent registered public accounting firm s report of Seligson Giannattasio, LLP, begin on page F-1,
immediately after the signature page. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None . 

20 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
 Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally,
in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship
of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

As of November 30, 2022 we
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s Report of Internal Control
over Financial Reporting. 

We are responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. With the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022 based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of November 30, 2022. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within the Company have been detected. 

Changes in Internal Controls. 

During the quarter ended November
30, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required
by paragraph (d) of Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

None. 

21 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and
Corporate Governance. 

Our board of directors have
a term of office of one year and were all reelected at the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. In 2023, each director will be up for
reelection for a term of one year to end at the next annual meeting of shareholders. 

Our executive officers and
directors, and their ages, positions and offices with us are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Ira Levy 
 66 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President and Director 
 
 Steven J. Lubman 
 67 
 Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 
 
 Alan Plafker (2)(3) 
 64 
 Director 
 
 Martin Novick (2)(3) 
 86 
 Director 
 
 Lawrence Chariton (2)(3) 
 65 
 Director 
 
 Gary Jacobs (1)(2)(3) 
 65 
 Director 
 
 Peter Levy (1)(2)(3) 
 62 
 Director 

Independent
director 

(1) Member
of Compensation Committee. 

(2) Member
of Audit Committee 

(3) Member
of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Directors 

Ira Levy has
served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and director since our inception in November 1981, and as our Chief Financial Officer
since March 2010. From 1976 to 1981, Mr. Levy was employed by Capar Components Corp., an importer and supplier of capacitor and resistor
products. Mr. Levy has served on the board of trustees of the Bellmore Jewish Center since 2002 and served as its president from 2006
to 2008. From 2000 to 2004, he served as a member of the board of trustees of METNY, the governing body of the Conservative movement of
Judaism for New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. Mr. Levy studied Business Management at Hofstra University. Mr. Levy s experience
in, and knowledge of, the electronics components business led to the conclusion that he should serve on our board. 

Steven J. Lubman has
served as our Vice President, Secretary and a director since our inception in November 1981. In June 1988, Mr. Lubman founded Challenge
Electronics, a division of the Company. From 1980 through 1981, he served as the sales manager for NIC Components Corp., a division of
Nu Horizons Electronics Corp., a distributor of electronic components which was acquired by Arrow Electronics, Inc. (NYSE: ARW) in January
2011. From 1976 through 1980, Mr. Lubman served as both an inside and then outside salesperson for Capar Components Corp., a division
of Diplomat Electronics Inc., a broad line distributor of electronic components including integrated circuits, diodes, transistors, and
capacitor products. Mr. Lubman s more than 35 years of experience in, and knowledge of the electronics components business, led
to the conclusion that he should serve on our board. 

Alan Plafker 
has served as a director since June 2001. Since November 2016, he has served as Vice President of Garber Atlas Fries Associates,
Inc., an insurance agency providing commercial and personal insurance coverage. From July 2000 to November 2016, Mr. Plafker served as
President and Chief Executive Officer of Member Brokerage Service LLC, a credit union service organization owned by Melrose Credit Union,
and also served as director of business services for the credit union. From January 1993 to July 2000, he served as a member of the credit
union s board of directors and supervisory committee. Mr. Plafker has more than 35 years of executive and management experience
in the insurance and credit union industries. He is a New York State licensed insurance agent and broker. Mr. Plafker has earned certification
as a Certified Professional Insurance Agent from the AIMS Society and earned the CIC designation from the Society of Certified Insurance
Counsellors. He has also earned the CUBLP (Credit Union Business Lending Professional) designation from the CUNA Business Lending Certification
Institute. In addition, he is a past President and currently serves on the Board of Directors of the Professional Insurance Agents Association
of New York State, and currently serves as Treasurer and as a member of the Board of Directors for the New York Independent Livery Drivers
Benefit Fund, a New York State benefit fund providing injury benefits for livery drivers, to comply with the Workers Compensation
Board regulations. Mr. Plafker received a Bachelor s degree in business administration from Adelphi University. Mr. Plafker s
experience in the insurance industry and knowledge of financial matters led to the conclusion that he should serve on our board. 

22 

Martin Novick is
a real estate investor and was appointed to the Board in September 2016. He served as a vice president of Audiovox Electronic Corp., an
international distributor and value-added service provider in the accessory, mobile and consumer electronics industries, from 1969 to
2008. He previously served on the board of directors of Audiovox Electronic Corp., Nu Horizons Electronics Corp., a distributor of electronic
components which was acquired by Arrow Electronics, Inc. (NYSE: ARW) in January 2011 and Arielle Electronics, a company that sold bluetooth
and wireless products. Mr. Novick holds a Bachelor s Degree in Marketing from New York University. Mr. Novick s significant
experience in the electronics industry and as a director of a public company led to the conclusion that he should serve on our board. 

Lawrence Chariton has
served as a director since 2001. He worked for 50 years in the retail jewelry industry at Linda Shop Jewelry and Great American Jewelry
as Chief Operating Officer. Since February 2018 Mr. Chariton has served as a member of the Board of Trustees of the State University of
Old Westbury in New York. Mr. Chariton has served previously from 1998 as a member of the Board of Directors of New Island Hospital
in Bethpage, N.Y. Subsequently he remained after the merger as a member of the Board of Directors with St. Joseph s Hospital until
December 2010. Mr. Chariton served as a member of The Board of Directors of the Jewish National Fund of Long Island. Mr. Chariton has
a Bachelor s Degree in Accounting from Hofstra University. He is a graduate of The Gemological Institute of America in Diamonds
and Color Stones. Mr. Chariton s experience on several Boards of Directors as well as running a small business led to the conclusion
that he should serve on our board. 

Gary M. Jacobs has
served as a director since July 2003. Since October 2014, Mr. Jacobs has served as President of Bar Bakers, LLC, a commercial food manufacturer
of nutritional bars, cookies and other baked goods. From March 2011 to October 2014, he served as a consultant to several companies, providing
advisory services in the areas of turn-around and financial and operational efficiencies. Mr. Jacobs served as the Chief Financial Officer
of Chem Rx from June 2008 until March 2011. From May 2005 to June 2008, Mr. Jacobs was the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating
Officer of Gold Force International, Ltd., a supplier of gold, silver and pearl jewelry to U.S. retail chains, and Karat Platinum LLC,
a developer of an alternative to platinum. From July 2003 to April 2005, Mr. Jacobs served as President of The Innovative Companies, LLC,
a supplier of natural stone. From October 2001 to February 2003, Mr. Jacobs served as Executive Vice President of Operations and Corporate
Secretary of The Hain Celestial Group, Inc., a food and personal care products company. Mr. Jacobs also served as Executive Vice President
of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. from September 1998 to October 2001. Prior to that,
Mr. Jacobs was the Chief Financial Officer of Graham Field Health Products, Inc., a manufacturing and distribution company. Mr. Jacobs
served for 13 years as a member of the audit staff of Ernst Young LLP, where he attained the position of senior manager. He is a
certified public accountant and holds a Bachelor s of Business Administration in Accounting from Adelphi University. Mr. Jacobs s
experience as a certified public accountant and as a chief financial officer led to the conclusion that he should serve on our board. 

Peter A. Levy 
has been a director of the Company since April 2017. He is an equity shareholder at the law firm of Mandelbaum Barrett, one of the region s
oldest and most renowned law firms. He joined Mandelbaum as a member in September of 2015, and now serves on the firm s Executive
Committee with the responsibility for all department practices within the firm. In addition to practicing law for 15 years, Mr. Levy spent
12 years as a partner at a regional accounting firm, Sobel Company, and has served as the chief operating officer of two different
public companies, The Empire Sports Entertainment and MYOS Corporation. As the president of MYOS Corporation, he successfully positioned
the company on the NASDAQ stock exchange. Mr. Levy has significant experience in mergers and acquisitions, joint venture partnering,
corporate governance, business processes, and strategic planning. Community service is an important aspect of Mr. Levy s life. 
For over 20 years he has been on the Board and also served as the Corporate Liaison to Easter Seals Camp ASCCA, America s flagship
camp for People with Disabilities, and he is the co-builder of the Roswal-Levy Tower, the world s largest wheelchair-accessible
interactive climbing tower for the disabled. For over a decade, Mr. Levy has been on the Board of Hamp s Camp, a charity
founded by former N.Y. Giants running back Rodney Hampton, which is dedicated to providing leadership tools to underprivileged children
in Atlanta, Newark, and Houston. Mr. Levy s financial experience led to the conclusion that he should serve on our board. 

23 

The Board has determined that
each of Messrs. Chariton, Jacobs, Plafker, Novick and Peter Levy qualify as independent under the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules
as well as Rule 10A-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

Board and Committee Meetings 

During the fiscal year ended
November 30, 2022, the Board held five meetings. Each of the directors attended at least 75 of the aggregate of (i) the total number
of meetings of the Board (held during the period for which he served as a director), and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all
committees of the Board on which he served (during the periods that he served on such committees). We have no written policy regarding
director attendance at annual meetings of stockholders. Our last annual meeting of stockholders was held on November 30, 2022 and all
of our directors attended such meeting. 

Board Committees 

The composition and responsibilities
of each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are described below.
Members will serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by the Board. Each committee operates under
a charter that has been approved by the Board, and which is available on our website at https://surgecomponents.com/about/investors/ . 

Audit Committee 

Our Audit Committee is comprised
of Messrs. Chariton, Plafker, Novick, Jacobs and Peter Levy, each of whom is an independent director of the Board. Mr. Jacobs serves as
chairman of the Audit Committee. Our Board has determined that Mr. Jacobs is an audit committee financial expert as defined
in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. The audit committee members are independent as that term is defined under the Nasdaq
Stock Market Rules. During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022, the Audit Committee held four meetings. 

The Audit Committee is authorized
to: 

approve and retain the independent auditors to conduct the annual audit of our books and records; 

review the proposed scope and results of the audit; 

review and pre-approve the independent auditor s audit and non-audit services rendered; 

approve the audit fees to be paid; 

review accounting and financial controls with the independent auditors and our financial and accounting staff; 

review and approve transactions between us and our directors, officers and affiliates; 

recognize and prevent prohibited non-audit services; 

establish procedures for complaints received by us regarding accounting matters; 

oversee internal audit functions; and 

prepare the report of the Audit Committee that SEC rules require to be included in our annual meeting proxy statement. 

24 

Compensation Committee 

Our Compensation Committee
is comprised of Peter Levy and Gary Jacobs, each of whom is an independent director. Mr. Levy serves as chairman of the Compensation Committee.
During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022, the Compensation Committee held two meetings. 

The Compensation Committee
is authorized to: 

review and recommend the compensation arrangements for management, including the compensation for our chief executive officer; 

establish and review general compensation policies with the objective of attracting and retaining superior talent, rewarding individual performance and achieving our financial goals; 

administer our stock incentive plans; and 

prepare the report of the Compensation Committee that SEC rules require to be included in our annual meeting proxy statement. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee is comprised of Messrs. Chariton, Plafker Novick, Peter Levy and Jacobs, each of whom is an independent director.
Mr. Jacobs serves as chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
held one meeting during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022. 

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee is authorized to: 

identify and nominate members of the board of directors; 

oversee the evaluation of the board of directors and management; 

develop and recommend corporate governance guidelines to the board of directors; 

evaluate the performance of the members of the board of directors; and 

make recommendations to the board of directors as to the structure, composition and functioning of the board of directors and its committees. 

Director Nominations 

In evaluating and determining
whether to nominate a candidate for a position on the Board, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee utilizes a variety of methods
and considers criteria such as high professional ethics and values, experience on the policy-making level in business or experience relevant
to our product candidates and a commitment to enhancing stockholder value. Candidates may be brought to the attention of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee by current Board members, stockholders, officers or other persons. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee will review all candidates in the same manner regardless of the source of the recommendation. 

We have no formal policy regarding
board diversity. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Board may therefore consider a broad range of factors relating
to the qualifications and background of nominees, which may include diversity, which is not only limited to race, gender or national origin.
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s and Board s priority in selecting board members is identification of persons
who will further the interests of our stockholders through his or her established record of professional accomplishment, the ability to
contribute positively to the collaborative culture among board members and professional and personal experiences and expertise relevant
to our growth strategy. 

25 

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee also considers stockholder recommendations for director nominees that are properly received in accordance with our
Bylaws and applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. In order to validly nominate a candidate for election or reelection as a director,
stockholders must give timely notice of such nomination in writing to our Corporate Secretary and include, as to each person whom the
stockholder proposes to nominate, all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies
for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange
Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder (including such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as
a nominee and to serving as a director if elected). For more information on director candidate nominations by stockholders, see Procedures
for Nominating Directors . 

Procedures for Nominating Directors 

Effective December 30, 2021,
the Company began to be governed by newly adopted bylaws (the Bylaws ).The Bylaws provide, among other things, for advance
notice of director nominations. 

The exclusive means by which
a stockholder may nominate a director is as follows: (1) was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required
by Section 2.4(ii) of the Bylaws and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual
meeting and (2) has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.4(ii) of the Bylaws. In addition to any
other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in
proper written form to the secretary of the corporation. To comply with clause (B) of Section 2.4(ii) of the Bylaws, a
nomination to be made by a stockholder must set forth all information required under Section 2.4(ii) of the Bylaws and must
be received by the secretary of the corporation at the principal executive offices of the corporation at the time set forth in, and in
accordance with, the final three sentences of Section 2.4(i)(a) of the Bylaws. This includes how a stockholder s notice
a stockholder s notice must set forth all information required under this Section 2.4(i) and must be timely received by
the secretary of the corporation. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive
offices of the corporation not later than the 45 th day nor earlier than the 75 th day before the one-year
anniversary of the date on which the corporation first mailed its proxy materials or a notice of availability of proxy materials (whichever
is earlier) for the preceding year s annual meeting; provided , however , that in the event that no annual
meeting was held in the previous year or if the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more
than 60 days after the one-year anniversary of the date of the previous year s annual meeting, then, for notice by the stockholder
to be timely, it must be so received by the secretary not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting
and not later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting, or (ii) the tenth day
following the day on which Public Announcement (as defined below) of the date of such annual meeting is first made. In no event shall
any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s
notice as described in this Section 2.4(i)(a). Public Announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release
reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the
corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. 

Additionally, to be in proper
written form, such stockholder s notice to the secretary must set forth: (1) as to each person (a nominee whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director: (A) the name, age, business address and residence
address of the nominee, (B) the principal occupation or employment of the nominee, (C) the class and number of shares of the
corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the nominee and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by
the nominee, (D) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into
by or on behalf of the nominee with respect to any securities of the corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement
or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss
to, or to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of the nominee, (E) a
description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such
person or persons) pursuant to which the nominations are to be made by the stockholder, (F) a written statement executed by the nominee
acknowledging that as a director of the corporation, the nominee will owe a fiduciary duty under Nevada law with respect to the corporation
and its stockholders, and (G) any other information relating to the nominee that would be required to be disclosed about such nominee
if proxies were being solicited for the election or re-election of the nominee as a director, or that is otherwise required, in each case
pursuant to Regulation 14A under the 1934 Act (including without limitation the nominee s written consent to being named in the
proxy statement, if any, as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected or re-elected, as the case may be); and (2) as to such stockholder
giving notice, (A) the information required to be provided pursuant to clauses (2) through (5) of Section 2.4(i)(b) above,
and the supplement referenced in the second sentence of Section 2.4(i)(b) above (except that the references to business 
in such clauses shall instead refer to nominations of directors for purposes of this paragraph), and (B) a statement whether either
such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a number of the corporation s
voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person to be necessary to elect or re-elect such nominee(s) (such
information provided and statements made as required by clauses (A) and (B) above, a Nominee Solicitation Statement ). 

26 

In addition to all other requirements
set forth in the Bylaws, a nominating stockholder (including its affiliates) and each director nominee must also comply with all applicable
requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in the
Bylaws. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk
Oversight 

Although we have not adopted
a formal policy on whether the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions should be separate or combined, we have traditionally determined
that it is in our best interests and in the best interests of our stockholders to combine these roles. Mr. Levy has served as our Chairman
since November 1981. Due to our small size, we believe it is currently most effective to have the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
positions combined. 

Our board of directors is
primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes. The Board receives and reviews periodic reports from management, auditors,
legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding our assessment of risks. The Board focuses on the most significant risks
facing us and our general risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks undertaken by management are consistent with the board s
appetite for risk. While the Board oversees our risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. We
believe this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks facing us and that our board leadership
structure supports this approach. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees. A copy of the code of ethics is accessible on our website at https://surgecomponents.com/about/investors/ .
Additional copies of the code of ethics may be obtained without charge, from us by writing or calling: 95 East Jefryn Blvd., Deer Park,
New York 11729, Attention: Corporate Secretary, Telephone: (631) 595-1818. 

Stockholder Communications with the Board 

Stockholders who wish to do
so may communicate directly with the Board or specified individual directors by writing to: 

Board of Directors (or name of individual
director) 

c/o Corporate Secretary 

Surge Components, Inc. 

95 East Jefryn Blvd. 

Deer Park, New York 11729 

The Board of Directors maintains
a process for stockholders or other interested parties to communicate with the Board or any Board member. Stockholders or interested parties
who desire to communicate with the Board should send any communication to the Company s Corporate Secretary, Surge Components, Inc.,
95 East Jefryn Blvd., Deer Park, New York 11729. We will forward all communications from security holders and interested parties to the
full Board, to non-management directors, to an individual director or to the chairperson of the Board committee that is most closely related
to the subject matter of the communication, except for the following types of communications: (i) communications that advocate that we
engage in illegal activity; (ii) communications that, under community standards, contain offensive or abusive content; (iii) communications
that have no relevance to our business or operations; and (iv) mass mailings, solicitations and advertisements. The Corporate Secretary
will determine when a communication is not to be forwarded. Our acceptance and forwarding of communications to directors does not imply
that directors owe or assume any fiduciary duties to persons submitting the communications. 

27 

Additionally, the Audit Committee
has established procedures for the receipt, retention and confidential treatment of complaints received by Surge regarding accounting,
internal accounting controls or auditing matters, including procedures for confidential, anonymous submissions by employees with respect
to such matters. Employees and stockholders may raise a question or concern to the Audit Committee regarding accounting, internal accounting
controls or auditing matters by writing to: 

Chairman, Audit Committee 

c/o Corporate Secretary 

Surge Components, Inc. 

95 East Jefryn Blvd. 

Deer Park, New York 11729 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 requires that our officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our
equity securities, file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers, directors
and persons owning more than ten percent of such securities are required by Commission regulation to file with the Commission and furnish
the Company with copies of all reports required under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. To our knowledge, based solely upon our review
of the copies of such reports furnished to us, during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable
to our officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were complied with. 

28 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth
information regarding compensation paid to our executive officers for the years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021: 

Name and Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation )(1) 
 Total ) 
 
 Ira Levy 
 2022 
 300,000 
 271,575 
 
 - 
 61,473 
 633,048 
 
 President CEO and CFO 
 2021 
 291,827 
 240,000 
 60,000 
 - 
 57,283 
 649,110 

Steven J. Lubman 
 2022 
 250,000 
 183,261 
 - 
 - 
 48,308 
 481,569 
 
 Vice President and Secretary 
 2021 
 241,827 
 170,889 
 37,500 
 - 
 39,627 
 489,843 

(1) Amounts
in this column include payments for medical insurance, automobile allowance and life and personal insurance. With respect to
Fiscal 2022, the amounts were comprised of the following items: 

Medical Insurance 
 Automobile Allowances 
 Life and Personal Insurance 
 
 Ira Levy 
 33,240 
 18,756 
 9,477 
 
 Steven J. Lubman 
 29,093 
 11,400 
 7,815 

2022 Base Salary and Bonus 

In February 2016, the Company entered into revised
employment agreements with two officers of the Company. Pursuant to these agreements, the base salary for Ira Levy is 275,000 and the
base salary for Steven Lubman is 225,000. The agreements continue until terminated by either party. In April 2021, the employment
agreements for Ira Levy and Steven Lubman were amended to increase the base salary to 300,000 and 250,000, respectively. 

The Company s compensation
committee may award these officers with bonuses and will review the base salary amounts for each of the officers on an annual basis to
determine if any changes to the base salary amounts need to be made. Pursuant to the employment agreements, the officers are prohibited
from engaging in activities which are competitive with those of the Company during their employment with the Company and for one year
following termination. If the agreement is terminated other than for cause, the officer would be entitled to all base salary earned through
the date of termination, accrued but unused vacation, all vested equity, and bonus amounts payable to the officer through the date of
termination. The officers would also be entitled to receive an additional thirty-six months of annual compensation equal to the average
of his base salary and bonus for the three calendar years prior to the date of termination, payable in accordance with the Company s
regular payroll practice over a 52-week period. 

The bonus granted to the named
executive officers for 2021 was based on certain performance goals that were set prior to the year by the Compensation Committee and the
executive, but ultimately the bonus is discretionary, as the Compensation Committee has the authority to make all final decisions regarding
the amount and form of bonuses provided to the executive officers. For Mr. Levy, his target bonus amount is equal to fifty percent (50 of his base salary, and Mr. Lubman s target is equal to forty-five percent (45 of his base salary. 

In 2021 the Compensation Committee
used four performance markers to guide their decisions regarding bonus amounts. The performance guidelines that were applicable to Messrs.
Levy and Lubman s bonuses for the 2021 year included individual performance goals, revenue growth, achieving the operating plan
goals for specific divisions of the company, and achieving the operating plan for the company as a whole. Each performance guideline was
generally intended to make up twenty-five percent of the potential bonus amount for each executive. Based upon the Company s and
the executives performance during the 2021 year, the Compensation Committee granted awards that were approximately one hundred
percent (100 of the executives target award amount. 

29 

2022 Equity Compensation Awards 

We have historically granted
fully vested stock awards and stock option awards. The amount of awards granted in any given year is determined based on the performance
of the company and the executive in the previous year. Performance is generally based upon the same performance guidelines that are used
for the annual cash bonus award for that year. The Compensation Committee sets a target award amount based upon a percentage of the executive s
base salary. At the end of the year, the Compensation Committee determines the cash amount that resulted from the previous year s
performance, with any discretionary adjustments that the Compensation Committee deems to be appropriate, and converts that cash amount
into a number of shares of stock awards or stock option awards, as applicable. 

During the 2021 year, the
Compensation Committee set a target amount of twenty percent (20 of base salary for Mr. Levy and a target of fifteen percent (15 of
base salary for Mr. Lubman. Following the end of the 2021 year, the Compensation Committee determined that Messrs. Levy and Lubman should
receive equity awards equal in value to one hundred percent (100 of their target award amount. The Compensation Committee used the Company s
stock price of 3.75 on March 7, 2022 to convert the resulting cash award into 16,000 stock awards for Mr. Levy and 10,000 stock awards
for Mr. Lubman. The equity awards, if any, that will be granted to the named executive officers with respect to 2022 year performance
will not be granted until the 2023 year, therefore they will be included in the compensation disclosures that we file for the 2023 year. 

Employment Agreements 

In February 2016, the Company
entered into revised employment agreements (the Levy Agreement and the Lubman Agreement , individually, and
collectively, the Employment Agreements with Ira Levy and Steven Lubman, respectively, which provides the executives with
a base salary of 275,000 and 225,000, respectively Base Salary ). In April 2021, the employment agreements for Ira Levy
and Steven Lubman were amended to increase their base salaries to 300,000 and 250,000, respectively. 

The executives shall receive
an annual bonus as shall be determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee, as applicable, in its sole discretion, based upon criteria
to be established in its sole discretion. The executives shall also be entitled to receive additional cash, equity or other compensation
or benefits in consideration for their services to the Company, at such times and in such amounts as shall be determined in the sole discretion
of the Board or the Compensation Committee. In addition, the executives shall be entitled to receive grants of stock options, stock and/or
any other equity incentive awards available to senior executives, under the Company s equity incentive plans, at such times and
in such amounts as shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee. 

The Employment Agreements
will remain in effect until terminated by either the Company or the executive. In the event an executive s employment is terminated
by the Company for Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreements), or if an executive resigns other than for Good Reason (as defined
in the Employment Agreements), he shall be entitled to receive (i) any earned but unpaid salary, all vested equity, and any earned but
unpaid bonus awards through the date of termination, and (ii) reimbursement for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred by him in
accordance with the Company s policy prior to the date of termination. 

In the event an executive s
employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or if an executive resigns for Good Reason, including a Change of Control
(as defined in the Employment Agreements) that is accompanied by the executive s resignation within a twelve month period following
that Change of Control, such executive shall be entitled to any earned but unpaid salary, all vested equity, and any earned but unpaid
bonus awards through the date of termination. Such executive will also be paid an additional thirty-six months of annual compensation
equal to the average of his base salary and bonus for the three calendar years prior to the date of termination, payable in accordance
with the Company s regular payroll practice over a 52-week period. The Company shall also (i) accelerate the vesting on any of the
executive s unvested stock options, restricted stock grants or other equity incentive awards; and (ii) reimburse the executive for
any unreimbursed business expenses incurred by him in accordance with the Company s policy prior to the date of termination. In
the event that the executive is terminated without Cause due to our inability to pay our debts when they generally become due, we will
not be liable for the cash severance payments or the payment of annual bonuses due to the executive. The severance benefits potentially
payable upon a termination other than for Cause or for Good Reason will be provided subject to the executive signing a general release
of claims in our favor prior to payment. 

30 

In the event an executive s
employment is terminated by the Company upon death or disability, the executive or his estate shall be entitled to receive his salary
then in effect along with all other fringe benefits (including, without limitation, family medical benefits) for a period of one year
following the date of such termination. In addition, the executive or his estate shall have the right to exercise any unexercised and
vested options for a period of ninety days following the date of termination and to receive payment for any accrued but unpaid vacation
time. 

The Employment Agreements
contain customary non-competition and non-solicitation provisions that extend to one year after the date of termination of the executives 
employment with the Company. The executives also agreed to customary terms regarding confidentiality and ownership of product ideas. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at November 30, 2022 

Name 
 Number of securities underlying options, Unexercisable (#) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options, Exercisable (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Ira Levy 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 1.41 
 04/23/2025 
 
 Steven Lubman 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 1.41 
 04/23/2025 
 
 Ira Levy 
 40,000 
 40,000 
 3.55 
 03/15/2027 
 
 Steven Lubman 
 40,000 
 40,000 
 3.55 
 03/15/2027 

Director Compensation for Year Ending November
30, 2022 

The following table summarizes
the compensation for our non-employee board of directors for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022. All compensation paid to our employee
directors is included under the summary compensation table above. With respect to the 2022 fiscal year, the director compensation program
consisted of a monthly cash fee of 2,500 per month, with the amount increased to 3,500 per month for a non-employee director that serves
as the chairman of more than two committees on the Board of Directors. The non-employee directors are also eligible to receive equity
awards, although there is no annual target amount set for the non-employee directors. In July 2021 the directors received an increase
making the new monthly cash fee 3,000 per month and the amount for a non-employee director that serves as a chairman on more than two
committees on the Board of Directors 4,000 per month. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Alan Plafker 
 36,000 
 36,000 
 
 Martin Novick 
 36,000 
 36,000 
 
 Lawrence Chariton 
 36,000 
 36,000 
 
 Gary Jacobs 
 48,000 
 48,000 
 
 Peter Levy 
 36,000 
 36,000 

31 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management. 

Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial
owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or
otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power,
which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more
than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed
to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within
60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares
outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition
rights. 

The following table sets forth
as of February 21, 2023, information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by: (i) each person known by the Company to
be the beneficial owner of than five percent of the outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each of our directors and officers and (iii)
all officers and directors, as a group: 

Amount and Nature of 
 Percentage of 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock 

Beneficially 
 Beneficially 
 
 Name and address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Owned 
 Owned (2) 
 
 Ira Levy 
 1,347,786 (3) 
 24.4 
 
 Steven J. Lubman 
 1,100,114 (3) 
 19.9 
 
 Lawrence Chariton 
 192,573 (5) 
 3.5 
 
 Alan Plafker 
 46,334 (6) 
 - 
 
 Martin Novick 
 35,000 (5) 
 - 
 
 Gary Jacobs 
 182,000 (4) 
 3.29 
 
 Peter Levy 
 35,000 (5) 
 - 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) 
 2,938,807 
 53.0 

Less
than 1 

(1) Except
as otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Surge Components, Inc., 95 East Jefryn Boulevard, Deer Park, NY 11729. 

(2) Applicable
percentage ownership is based on 5,541,342 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 21, 2023. 

(3) Includes
50,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options with an exercise price of 1.41, which are exercisable within 60 days. Also includes
40,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options with an exercise price of 3.55, which are exercisable within 60 days. 

(4) Includes
25,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options with an exercise price of 1.41, which are exercisable within 60 days. Also includes
30,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options with an exercise price of 3.55, which are exercisable within 60 days. 

(5) Includes
15,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options with an exercise price of 1.41, which are exercisable within 60 days. Also includes
20,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options with an exercise price of 3.55, which are exercisable within 60 days. 

(6) Includes
20,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options with an exercise price of 3.55, which are exercisable within 60 days. 

32 

Item 13. Certain Relationships And Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Surge and Challenge each lease
their current executive offices from Great American Realty of Jefryn Blvd., LLC, an entity owned 50 by Ira Levy, our Chief Executive
Officer, and President and Steven Lubman, our Vice President, Secretary and Treasurer. Our lease is through September 2030 and our annual
rent payments were approximately 275,042 and 271,231 for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees And Services 

Fees Billed by Our Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm During Fiscal 2021 and 2022 

The following table sets forth
the aggregate fees billed to us for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2021 and 2022 by Seligson Giannattasio, LLP (PCAOB ID 

2021 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 167,500 
 171,650 
 
 Tax Fees (2) 
 12,300 
 12,600 

(1) Audit
Fees represent the aggregate fees for professional services for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial
statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements for those fiscal years. 

(2) Tax
fees represent the aggregate fees billed for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Pursuant to its charter, the
Audit Committee is responsible for the pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our principal independent
accountants on a case-by-case basis. Our Audit Committee has established a policy regarding approval of all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by our principal independent accountants. Our Audit Committee pre-approves these services by category and service. Our
Audit Committee has preapproved all of the services provided by our principal independent accountants in the fiscal year ending November
30, 2022. 

33 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

The following documents are
filed as a part of this report or incorporated herein by reference: 

1. 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements commencing on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

2. 
 Exhibits: 

The following documents are
included as exhibits to this Annual Report: 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Surge Components, Inc. (filed as exhibit 3.3 to Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Surge Components, Inc. (filed as exhibit 3.4 to Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 
 
 Rights Agreement dated as of October 7, 2016 between Surge Components, Inc., as the Company, and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Rights Agent (filed as exhibit to Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1 
 
 Lease between Surge Components and Great American Realty of 95 Jefryn Blvd., LLC (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed on August 20, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.2 
 
 Lease between Challenge Electronics and Great American Realty of 95 Jefryn Blvd., LLC (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed on August 20, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement between Surge Components, Inc. and Ira Levy (filed as exhibit to Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement between Surge Components Inc. and Steven Lubman (filed as exhibit to Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.5 
 
 Declaration of Trust (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed on August 20, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.6 
 
 2010 Incentive Stock Plan (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to Form 10 filed on November 4, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.7 
 
 2015 Incentive Stock Plan (filed as exhibit to Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.8 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated October 1, 2010, between Great American Realty of Jefryn Boulevard, LLC and Surge Components, Inc. (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to Form 10 filed on November 4, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.9 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated October 1, 2010, between Great American Realty of Jefryn Boulevard, LLC and Challenge Electronics, Inc. (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to Form 10 filed on November 4, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.10 
 
 Agreement, dated March 18, 1999 between Surge Components, Inc. and Future Electronics Incorporated (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 3 to Form 10 filed on January 11, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.11 
 
 Addendum A, dated March 18, 1999, between Surge Components, Inc. and Future Electronics (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 3 to Form 10 filed on January 11, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.12 
 
 Agreement, dated October 21, 2009, between Challenge Electronics, Inc. and Cam RPC Electronics (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 3 to Form 10 filed on January 11, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference) 

34 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.13 
 
 Agreement, dated October 21, 2009, between Challenge Electronics, Inc. and Nu-Way Electronics (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 3 to Form 10 filed on January 11, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.14 
 
 Agreement, dated October 19, 2009 between Challenge Electronics, Inc. and Aesco Electronics (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 3 to Form 10 filed on January 11, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.15 
 
 Agreement, dated May 5, 2009, between Challenge Electronics, Inc. and TLC Electronics, Inc. (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 3 to Form 10 filed on January 11, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.16 
 
 Distributor Agreement, dated August 14, 2012, between Surge Components, Inc. and TTI, Inc. (filed as exhibit to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.17 
 
 Sole Agent Agreement, dated January 1, 2007, between Surge Components, Inc. and Lelon Electronics (filed as exhibit to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.18 
 
 Master Distributor Agreement, dated February 7, 2011, between Surge Components, Inc. and Avnet, Inc. (filed as exhibit to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.19 
 
 First Amendment to Master Distributor Agreement, dated February 17, 2011, between Surge Components, Inc. and Avnet, Inc. (filed as exhibit to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.20 
 
 Rental Agreement with Adcock Investment Company Limited dated May 5, 2013 (filed as exhibit to Form 10-Q filed on July 15, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.21 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2016, by and among Surge Components, Inc., Ira Levy, Steven J. Lubman, Alan Plafker, Lawrence Chariton, Gary Jacobs and Martin Novick, and Messrs. Michael D. Tofias and Bradley P. Rexroad (filed as exhibit to Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.22 
 
 Amendment to Settlement Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2018, by and among Surge Components, Inc., Ira Levy, Steven J. Lubman, Alan Plafker, Lawrence Chariton, Gary Jacobs and Martin Novick, and Messrs. Michael D. Tofias and Bradley P. Rexroad (filed as exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries (filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed on August 20, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Seligson Giannattasio, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer and principal financial officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer and principal financial officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ira Levy 

Ira Levy 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Ira Levy 

Ira Levy 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and 
Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer, 
Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Steven J. Lubman 

Steven J. Lubman 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer and 
Director 

/s/ Alan Plafker 

Alan Plafker 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 Director 

/s/ Martin Novick 

Martin Novick 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 Director 

/s/ Lawrence Chariton 

Lawrence Chariton 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 Director 

/s/ Peter A. Levy 

Peter A. Levy 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 Director 

/s/ Gary M. Jacobs 

Gary M. Jacobs 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 Director 

36 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Surge Components, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Surge Components, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended November 30, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended November 30, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

We identified the determination of the valuation
of the inventory reserves as a critical audit matter because of the subjectivity in the estimates related to the creation of the inventory
reserves. 

The primary procedures performed to address this
critical audit matter included the following: We identified inventory parts for reserve through the inspection of parts and packaging
during the observation of the Company inventory counts to identify potential inventory that may be old. We performed significant testing
for parts that were slow moving by obtaining schedules for inventory by part number and the number of sales for each part for the past
year. Inventory parts were tested for slow moving reserves by testing all parts with inventory in excess of one year and were tested further
to determine if there were sales orders for the part that would cover the excess amount. 

A calculated reserve was prepared from those parts
where the inventory in excess of one year and that did not have sales orders for all or any part of that excess. The calculated amount
was compared with the reserve as recorded by the Company. We proposed an adjustment totaling 14,000 for this difference in the reserves. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 

February 28, 2023 

F- 1 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

November 30, 
 
 November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable - net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and income taxes 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of and 

Operating Lease Right of Use Asset 

Deferred income taxes 

Other assets 

Total assets 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 2 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(Continued) 

November 30, 
 November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Operating lease liabilities, current maturities 

Financing lease payable, current maturities 
 -

Accrued expenses and taxes 

Accrued salaries 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities net of current maturities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Shareholders equity: 

Preferred stock - par value, shares authorized: 

Series C shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, redeemable, convertible, and a liquidation preference of per share 

Series D shares authorized, none issued or outstanding, voting, convertible, redeemable. 

Common stock - par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year Ended November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and shipping expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Income before other income and income taxes 

Other income (expense): 

Other income PPP 
 -

Interest expense 

Other income 

Other income (expense): 

Income before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net income 

Dividends on preferred stock 

Net income available to common shareholders 

Net income per share available to common shareholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted Shares Outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders 
Equity 

Years ended November 30, 2021 and November 30,
2022 

Series C Preferred 
 Common 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance December 1, 2020 

Preferred stock dividends 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of shares as compensation 
 -
 
 -

- 

Stock option exercise 
 - 
 - 

-
 
 -

Net Income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance November 30, 2021 

Preferred stock dividends 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of shares as compensation 
 - 
 - 

Stock option exercise 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 -

Net Income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance November 30, 2022 

F- 5 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on Forgiveness of debt 
 -

Deferred income taxes 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Stock Compensation Expense 

CHANGES IN OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and income taxes 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

NET CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Acquisition of fixed assets 

NET CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

F- 6 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(Continued) 

Year Ended November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repayment of financing lease obligations 

NET CASH FLOWS USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Income taxes paid 

Interest paid 

NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Accrued dividends on preferred stock 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shareholders. Surge owns shares of the outstanding common stock and the officer of
Surge owns share of the outstanding common stock. The officer of Surge has assigned his rights regarding his share to Surge. Surge
Limited started doing business in July 2002. Surge Limited operations have been consolidated with the Company. Surge Limited is responsible
for the sale of Surge s products to customers located in Asia. 

shares. 

and 
for the years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 respectively. 

F- 8 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE B SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued) 

(3) Revenue Recognition (continued) : 

and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 respectively. 

and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30,
2021 respectively. 

. The Company, at November 30, 2022, has a reserve against slow moving and obsolete
inventory of . From time to time the Company s products are subject to legislation from various authorities on environmental
matters. 

- years 
 
 Computer equipment 
 years 
 
 Leasehold Improvements 

and , respectively. 

F- 9 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE
B SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

(7) Income Taxes: (continued) : 

and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 respectively. 

and , respectively. 

F- 10 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE B SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued) 

. 

F- 11 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Leasehold Improvements 

Computer Equipment 

Less-Accumulated Depreciation 

Net Fixed Assets 

and , respectively. 

, respectively. 
The assumed interest rates on the leases are . The leases terminated in . 

F- 12 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(the Credit Line ). Borrowings under the Credit Line are due upon demand and accrue
interest at the greater of the prime rate or the LIBOR rate plus two percent (and may be increased by three percent in the event the Company
fails to (i) repay all amounts due on the Credit Line upon demand or (ii) comply with any terms or conditions relating to the Credit Line).
The Credit Line is collateralized by substantially all the assets of the Company. As of November 30, 2022, the balance on the Credit Line
was . As of November 30, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the covenant for the debt service coverage ratio for the Credit Line. 

under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). The loans and accrued interest are forgivable after twenty-four
weeks as long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains
its payroll levels. The amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if the borrower terminates employees or reduces salaries during the
period. 

, with a deferral of payments for the first twelve months. In April 2021, the Company was notified
that the full of the PPP loans received by the Company has been forgiven by the SBA. 

Preferred stock dividends 

Other accrued expenses 

Net assets for the plan, as estimated by Union Central, Inc., which maintains
the plan s records, were approximately at November 30, 2022. Pension expense for the years ended November 30, 2022 and
November 30, 2021 was and , respectively. 

F- 13 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of preferred stock in one or more series. In August 2010, the number of
preferred shares authorized for issuance was increased to shares. 

shares of preferred stock as Non-Voting Redeemable Convertible Series C Preferred Stock Series C Preferred ). Each share
of Series C Preferred is automatically convertible into shares of our common stock upon shareholder approval. If the Series C Preferred
were converted into common stock on or before April 15, 2001, these shares were entitled to cumulative dividends at the rate of . per
share per annum commencing April 15, 2001 payable on June 30 and December 31 of each year. In November 2000, shares of the Series
C Preferred were issued in payment of financial consulting services to its investment banker and a shareholder of the Company. 

shares of preferred stock as Voting Non-Redeemable Convertible Series D Preferred Stock Series D Preferred ). None of the
Series D Preferred Stock is outstanding as of November 30, 2022. 

F- 14 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE H SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) 

common shares. 

shares were issued
to the Company s officers as part of their 2015 bonus compensation under the 2015 Stock Plan. 

shares were issued
to the Company s officers as part of their 2018 bonus compensation under the 2015 Stock Plan. 

shares of its common stock under the 2015 Stock Plan. The Company recorded a cost of related to the issuance of
these shares. 

shares were issued
to one of the Company s officers as part of their 2019 bonus compensation under the 2015 Stock Plan. The Company recorded a cost
of relating to the issuance of these shares. 

shares were issued
to the Company s officers as a part of their 2021 bonus compensation under the 2015 stock plan. The Company recorded a cost of 
relating to the issuance of these shares in the second quarter of 2021. 

shares were issued
to the Company s officers as part of their bonus compensation under the 2015 stock plan. The Company recorded a cost of 
relating to the issuance of these shares in the second quarter of 2022. 

F- 15 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE H SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) 

[2] 2015 Incentive Stock Plan (continued) 

Options issued in the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 

Options exercised in the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 
 -
 
 -

Options cancelled in the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 
 -
 
 -

Options outstanding at November 30, 2022 

Options exercisable at November 30, 2022 

. At November 30, 2022 the weighted average remaining life of the stock options is years. At
November 30, 2022, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to the stock options granted under the plan. 

per month (and per month for a non-employee director that serves as the chairman of more than two committees of the Board
of Directors). In May of 2021, this was increased to per month for each non-employee director (and per month for a non-employee
director that serves as the chairman of more than two committees of the Board of Directors) 

F- 16 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Allowance for bad debts 

Inventory 

Deferred rent 

Other 

Depreciation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 
 -
 
 -

Deferred Tax Assets 

-

States 

Deferred: 

Federal 

States 

Provision for income taxes 

F- 17 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE I INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

Valuation allowance 
 -
 
 -

State income taxes 

Other 

Effective tax rate 

for the year ended November 30, 2022 and increase at the rate of two per
cent per annum throughout the lease term. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and after 

and respectively, of which and respectively, was paid to the Related
Company. 

F- 18 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

officers of the Company. Pursuant to these agreements, the base salary for one officer is and
the base salary for the other officer is . The agreements continue until terminated by either party. In April 2021, the
base salaries for the officers were amended to for one officer and for the other officer. 

If the agreement is terminated other than for cause, the officer would be entitled
to all base salary earned through the date of termination, accrued but unused vacation, all vested equity, and bonus amounts payable to
the officer through the date of termination. 

customers who respectively
accounted for and of net sales for year ended November 30, 2022 and customers who accounted for and of net sales for
the year ended November 30, 2021. The Company had customer who accounted for of accounts receivable at November 30, 2022 and 
customer who accounted for of accounts receivable at November 30, 2021. 

foreign supplier accounting for and of total inventory purchased. 

of its products from Taiwan, from Hong Kong,
 from elsewhere in Asia and less than overseas outside of Asia. The Company purchases the balance of its products in the United
States. 

China 

Other Asian Countries 

South America 

Europe 

F- 19 

SURGE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-20 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_surgecomp.htm
 CONSENT OF SELIGSON & GIANNATTASIO, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-203491 and 333-211921) of Surge Components, Inc. of our report dated February 28,
2023 on our audits of the consolidated financial statements as of November 30, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years then ended, which
report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ Seligson Giannattasio, LLP 

Seligson Giannattasio, LLP 

 White Plains, New York 

 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31>
 3
 f10k2022ex31_surgecomp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Ira Levy, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Surge Components, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ira Levy 

Ira Levy 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 f10k2022ex32_surgecomp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Surge Components, Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2022 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ira Levy, Chief Executive Officer
(principal executive officer and principal financial officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ira Levy 

Ira Levy 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 sprs-20221130.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 sprs-20221130_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 sprs-20221130_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 sprs-20221130_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 sprs-20221130_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

