<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_891532_0001493152-23-008673.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12093819</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>398051</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1781656</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4418404</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2275422</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2860503</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008673.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323145035
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008673
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PERMA FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000891532
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT [4955]
		IRS NUMBER:				581954497
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11596
		FILM NUMBER:		23755717

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8302 DUNWOODY PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30350
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7705879898

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8302 DUNWOODY PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30350

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008673.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

 or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission
File No. 

PERMA-FIX
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Markets 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
accelerated filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the Registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by nonaffiliates of the Registrant computed
by reference to the closing sale price of such stock as reported by NASDAQ as of the last business day of the most recently completed
second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022), was approximately ). For the purposes of this calculation, all directors and executive
officers of the Registrant (as indicated in Item 12) have been deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed an admission
that such directors and executive officers, are, in fact, affiliates of the Registrant. The Company s Common Stock is listed on
the NASDAQ Capital Markets. 

As
of February 14, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock, .001 par value, outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: 

PERMA-FIX
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. 

INDEX 

Page
No. 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 17 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 17 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 17 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common
 Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 17 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 18 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition And Results of Operations 
 18 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 30 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 74 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 74 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 76 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 76 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 87 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 104 

Item 13. 
 Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 107 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 110 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 110 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Company
Overview and Principal Products and Services 

Perma-Fix
Environmental Services, Inc. (the Company, which may be referred to as we, us, or our), a Delaware corporation incorporated in December
1990, is an environmental and environmental technology know-how company. 

The
principal element of our business strategy consists of upgrading our facilities within our Treatment Segment to increase efficiency and
modernize and expand treatment capabilities to meet the changing markets associated with the waste management industry. Within our Services
Segment, we continue to bid on projects, increase competitive procurement effectiveness and broaden the market penetration within both
the commercial and government sectors. The Company continues to remain focused on expansion into both commercial and international markets
to supplement government spending in the United States of America USA ), from which a significant portion of the Company s
revenue is derived. This includes new services, new customers and increased market share in our current markets. 

COVID-19
and Other Impacts 

Our
2022 financial results continued to be impacted by COVID-19, among other things. Our Treatment Segment began to see steady improvements
in waste receipts starting in the second quarter of 2022 from certain customers who had previously delayed waste shipments due, in part,
from the impact of COVID-19. This positive trend was negatively impacted by occurrences of severe weather conditions which resulted in
temporary delays in waste shipments from certain customers and a temporary shortage in skilled production personnel which peaked through
the fourth quarter of 2022 at one of our facilities. In early part of 2022, our Services Segment continued to experience delays/curtailments
in project work by certain customers since the award of projects to us late in the second quarter of 2021 due to COVID-19 impact and/or
administrative delays. However, starting in the second quarter of 2022, work under these projects had resumed/increased as the pandemic
impacts began to subside and has since reached full operational status. In 2022, we continued to realize delays in procurement and planning
on behalf of our government clients that saw easing through the second half of the year. Heading into 2023, we expect to see continued
improvements in waste receipts and continued increases in project work from contracts recently won and bids submitted in both segments
that are awaiting awards, subject to potential COVID-19 and economic impacts. (See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations COVID-19 and Other Impact for a full discussion of COVID-19 and other
impacts on the Company s results of operations). 

Segment
Information and Foreign and Domestic Operations and Sales 

For
2022, the Company has two reportable segments. In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 280, Segment Reporting , we define an operating segment as: 

a
 business activity from which we may earn revenue and incur expenses; 
 
 whose
 operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker (CODM to make decisions about resources to be allocated and assess its performance; and 
 
 for
 which discrete financial information is available. 

TREATMENT
SEGMENT reporting includes: 

- nuclear,
 low-level radioactive, mixed (waste containing both hazardous and low-level radioactive waste),
 hazardous and non-hazardous waste treatment, processing and disposal services primarily through
 four uniquely licensed (Nuclear Regulatory Commission or state equivalent) and permitted
 (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA or state equivalent) treatment
 and storage facilities as follow: Perma-Fix of Florida, Inc. PFF ), Diversified
 Scientific Services, Inc., DSSI ), Perma-Fix Northwest Richland, Inc. PFNWR and Oak Ridge Environmental Waste Operations Center EWOC and 
 
 - Research
 Development R D activities to identify, develop and implement innovative
 waste processing techniques for problematic waste streams. 

For
2022, the Treatment Segment accounted for 33,358,000, or 47.2 , of total revenue, as compared to 32,992,000, or 45.7 , of total revenue
for 2021. See Dependence Upon a Single or Few Customers for further details and a discussion as to our Segments 
contracts with government clients (domestic and foreign) or with others as a subcontractor to government clients. 

1 

SERVICES
SEGMENT, which includes: 

- Technical
 services, which include: 

professional
 radiological measurement and site survey of large government and commercial installations
 using advanced methods, technology and engineering; 
 
 health
 physics services including health physicists, radiological engineers, nuclear engineers and
 health physics technicians support to government and private radioactive materials licensees; 
 
 integrated
 Occupational Safety and Health services including industrial hygiene IH assessments;
 hazardous materials surveys, e.g., exposure monitoring; lead and asbestos management/abatement
 oversight; indoor air quality evaluations; health risk and exposure assessments; health 
 safety plan/program development, compliance auditing and training services; and Occupational
 Safety and Health Administration OSHA citation assistance; 
 
 global
 technical services providing consulting, engineering (civil, nuclear, mechanical, chemical,
 radiological and environmental), project management, waste management, environmental, and
 decontamination and decommissioning D D field, technical, and management
 personnel and services to commercial and government customers; and 
 
 waste
 management services to commercial and governmental customers. 
 
 - Nuclear services, which include: 
 
 D D
 of government and commercial facilities impacted with radioactive material and hazardous
 constituents including engineering, technology applications, specialty services, logistics,
 transportation, processing and disposal; and 
 
 license
 termination support of radioactive material licensed and federal facilities over the entire
 cycle of the termination process: project management, planning, characterization, waste stream
 identification and delineation, remediation/demolition, final status survey, compliance demonstration,
 reporting, transportation, disposal and emergency response. 

- A
 company owned equipment calibration and maintenance laboratory that services, maintains,
 calibrates, and sources (i.e., rental) health physics, IH and customized nuclear, environmental,
 and occupational safety and health NEOSH instrumentation. 

For
2022, the Services Segment accounted for 37,241,000, or 52.8 , of total revenue, as compared to 39,199,000, or 54.3 , of total revenue
for 2021. See Dependence Upon a Single or Few Customers for further details and a discussion as to our Segments 
contracts with government clients (domestic and foreign) or with others as a subcontractor to government clients. 

Our
Treatment and Services Segments provide services to research institutions, commercial companies, public utilities, and governmental agencies
(domestic and foreign), including the U.S. Department of Energy DOE and U.S. Department of Defense DOD ).
The distribution channels for our services are through direct sales to customers or via intermediaries. 

Our
corporate office is located at 8302 Dunwoody Place, Suite 250, Atlanta, Georgia 30350. 

Foreign
Revenue and Initiative 

Our
consolidated revenue for 2022 and 2021 included approximately 406,000, or 0.6 , and 9,277,000, or 12.9 , respectively, from Canadian
customers. 

2 

During
March 2022, we signed a joint venture term sheet addressing plans to partner with Springfields Fuels Limited SFL ), an
affiliate of Westinghouse Electric Company LLC, to develop and manage a nuclear waste-materials treatment facility (the Facility in the United Kingdom. The Facility is for the purpose of expanding the partners waste treatment capabilities for the European
nuclear market. It is expected that upon finalization of a partnership agreement, SFL will have an ownership interest of fifty-five (55)
percent and our interest will be forty-five (45) percent. The finalization, form and capitalization of this unpopulated partnership is
subject to numerous conditions, including but not limited to, winning a certain contract, completion and execution of a definitive agreement
and facility design, granting of required regulatory, lender or permitting approvals and updated cost and profitability analysis based
on current and forecast future economic conditions. Upon finalization of this venture, we will be required to make an investment in this
venture. The amount of our investment, the period of which it is to be made and the method of funding are to be determined. 

Seasonal
Factors of our Business 

Our
operations are generally subject to seasonal factors. See Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations 
Our operations are subject to seasonal factors, which causes our revenues to fluctuate for a discussion of our seasonal factors. 

Permits
and Licenses 

Waste
management service companies are subject to extensive, evolving and increasingly stringent federal, state, and local environmental laws
and regulations. Such federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations govern our activities regarding the treatment, storage,
processing, disposal and transportation of hazardous, non-hazardous and radioactive wastes, and require us to obtain and maintain permits,
licenses and/or approvals in order to conduct our waste activities. We are dependent on our permits and licenses discussed below in order
to operate our businesses. Failure to obtain and maintain our permits or approvals would have a material adverse effect on us, our operations,
and financial condition. The permits and licenses have terms ranging from one to ten years, and provided that we maintain a reasonable
level of compliance, renew with minimal effort, and cost. We believe that these permit and license requirements represent a potential
barrier to entry for possible competitors. 

PFF,
located in Gainesville, Florida, operates its hazardous, mixed and low-level radioactive waste activities under a Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act RCRA Part B permit, Toxic Substances Control Act TSCA authorization, Restricted RX Drug
Distributor-Destruction license, biomedical, and a radioactive materials license issued by the State of Florida. 

DSSI,
located in Kingston, Tennessee, conducts mixed and low-level radioactive waste storage and treatment activities under RCRA Part B permits
and a radioactive materials license issued by the State of Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation, Division of radiological
health. Co-regulated TSCA Polychlorinated Biphenyl PCB wastes are also managed for PCB destruction under EPA Approval. 

PFNWR,
located in Richland, Washington, operates a low-level radioactive waste processing facility as well as a mixed waste processing facility.
Radioactive material processing is authorized under radioactive materials licenses issued by the State of Washington and mixed waste
processing is additionally authorized under a RCRA Part B permit with TSCA authorization issued jointly by the State of Washington and
the EPA. 

EWOC,
located in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, operates a low-level radioactive waste material processing facility. Radioactive material processing
is authorized under radioactive material licenses issued by the State of Tennessee Department of Environmental and Conservation, Division
of radiological health. 

The
combination of RCRA Part B hazardous waste permits, TSCA authorizations, and radioactive material licenses held by the Company and its
subsidiaries comprising our Treatment Segment is very difficult to obtain for a single facility and make this Segment unique. 

We
believe that the permitting and licensing requirements, and the cost to obtain such permits, are barriers to the entry of hazardous waste
and radioactive and mixed waste activities as presently operated by our waste treatment subsidiaries. If the permit requirements for
hazardous waste treatment, storage, and disposal TSD activities and/or the licensing requirements for the handling of
low-level radioactive matters are eliminated or if such licenses or permits were made less rigorous to obtain, we believe such would
allow companies to enter into these markets and provide greater competition. 

3 

Number
of Employees 

At
December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 296 employees, of whom 287 are full-time employees and 9 are part-time/temporary employees.
None of our employees are unionized. 

Environmental,
Social and Governance ESG 

During
2022, we continued to improve our ESG performance. Our ESG subcommittee under our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee continues
to provide guidance on ESG management. Our executive team is responsible for the development of a strategic roadmap for ESG efforts with
support from management from key functional areas. The key areas of focus under our ESG initiatives continue to be health and safety,
environmental performance, DEI (diversity, equality and inclusion), talent retention and development, corporate governance and climate-forward
service development that support our customers transition to low carbon economy. Our executive team is involved in policy planning
and coordination of corporate-wide ESG efforts. See our website at https://www.perma-fix.com/esg.aspx for some highlights of our
ESG initiatives as well as our policies under our ESG as we continue to improve our ESG initiatives. The information on our website is
not part of, or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. 

Dependence
Upon a Single or Few Customers 

Our
Treatment and Services Segments have significant relationships with the U.S. governmental authorities. Our Services Segment also had
significant relationships with the Canadian government authorities. A significant amount of our revenues from our Treatment and Services
Segments are generated indirectly as subcontractors for others who are prime contractors to government authorities, particularly the
DOE and DOD, or directly as the prime contractor to government authorities. The contracts that we are a party to with others as subcontractors
to the U.S federal government or directly with the U.S federal government generally provide that the government may terminate the contract
at any time for convenience at the government s option. The contracts/task order agreements TOA that we are a party
to with Canadian governmental authorities also generally provide that the government authorities may terminate the contracts/task order
agreements at any time for any reason for convenience. Project work under TOAs with Canadian government authority has substantially been
completed. A significant account receivable due to our Perma-Fix Canada, Inc. PF Canada is subject to continuing negotiations.
See Known Trends and Uncertainties Perma-Fix Canada, Inc. PF Canada in Part II Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional discussion as
to a terminated Canadian TOA. Our inability to continue under existing contracts that we have with U.S government authorities (directly
or indirectly as a subcontractor) or significant reductions in the level of governmental funding in any given year could have a material
adverse impact on our operations and financial condition. 

We
performed services relating to waste generated by government clients (domestic and foreign (primarily Canadian)), either indirectly for
others as a subcontractor to government entities or directly as a prime contractor to government entities, representing approximately
 60,030,000, or 85.0 , of our total revenue during 2022, as compared to 60,812,000, or 84.2 , of our total revenue during 2021. 

Our
revenues are project/event based where the completion of one contract with a specific customer may be replaced by another contract with
a different customer from year to year. 

4 

Competitive
Conditions 

The
Treatment Segment s largest competitor is EnergySolutions which operates treatment facilities in Oak Ridge, TN and Erwin, TN and
treatment/disposal facilities for low level radioactive waste in Clive, UT and Barnwell, SC. Waste Control Specialists, which has licensed
treatment/disposal capabilities for low level radioactive waste in Andrews, TX, is also a competitor in the treatment market with increasing
market share. These two competitors also provide us with options for disposal of our treated nuclear waste. The Treatment Segment treats
and disposes of DOE generated waste largely at DOE owned sites. Our Treatment Segment currently solicits business primarily on a North
America basis with both government and commercial clients; however, we continue to focus on emerging international markets for additional
work. 

Our
Services Segment is engaged in highly competitive businesses in which a number of our government contracts and some of our commercial
contracts are awarded through competitive bidding processes. The extent of such competition varies according to the industries and markets
in which our customers operate as well as the geographic areas in which we operate. The degree and type of competition we face is also
often influenced by the project specification being bid on and the different specialty skill sets of each bidder for which our Services
Segment competes, especially projects subject to the governmental bid process. We also have the ability to prime federal government small
business procurements (small business set asides). Based on past experience, we believe that large businesses are more willing to team
with small businesses in order to be part of these often-substantial procurements. There are a number of qualified small businesses in
our market that will provide intense competition that may provide a challenge to our ability to maintain strong growth rates and acceptable
profit margins. For international business there are additional competitors, many from within the country the work is to be performed,
making winning work in foreign countries more challenging. If our Services Segment is unable to meet these competitive challenges, it
could lose market share and experience an overall reduction in its profits. 

Certain
Environmental Expenditures and Potential Environmental Liabilities 

Environmental
Liabilities 

We
have three remediation projects, which are currently in progress relating to our Perma-Fix of Dayton, Inc. PFD ), Perma-Fix
of Memphis, Inc. PFM ), and Perma-Fix South Georgia, Inc. PFSG subsidiaries, which are all included within
our discontinued operations. These remediation projects principally entail the removal/remediation of contaminated soil and, in most
cases, the remediation of surrounding ground water. These remediation activities are closely reviewed and monitored by the applicable
state regulators. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had total accrued environmental remediation liabilities of 861,000, a decrease of 15,000 from the December 31,
2021 balance of 876,000. The decrease represents payments for remediation projects. At December 31, 2022, 112,000 of the total accrued
environmental liabilities was recorded as current. 

The
nature of our business exposes us to significant cost to comply with governmental environmental laws, rules and regulations and risk
of liability for damages. Such potential liability could involve, for example, claims for cleanup costs, personal injury or damage to
the environment in cases where we are held responsible for the release of hazardous materials; claims of employees, customers or third
parties for personal injury or property damage occurring in the course of our operations; and claims alleging negligence or professional
errors or omissions in the planning or performance of our services. In addition, we could be deemed a potentially responsible party PRP for the costs of required cleanup of properties, which may be contaminated by hazardous substances generated or transported by us to
a site we selected, including properties owned or leased by us. We could also be subject to fines and civil penalties in connection with
violations of regulatory requirements. 

R D 

Innovation
and technical know-how by our operations is very important to the success of our business. Our goal is to discover, develop and bring
to market innovative ways to process waste that address unmet environmental needs. We conduct research internally, and also through collaborations
with other third parties. The majority of our research activities are performed as we receive new and unique waste to treat. Our competitors
also devote resources to R D and many such competitors have greater resources at their disposal than we do. R D totaled 336,000
and 746,000 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

5 

Governmental
Regulation 

Environmental
companies, such as us, and their customers are subject to extensive and evolving environmental laws and regulations by a number of federal,
state and local environmental, safety and health agencies, the principal of which being the EPA. These laws and regulations largely contribute
to the demand for our services. Although our customers remain responsible by law for their environmental problems, we must also comply
with the requirements of those laws applicable to our services. We cannot predict the extent to which our operations may be affected
by future enforcement policies as applied to existing laws or by the enactment of new environmental laws and regulations. Moreover, any
predictions regarding possible liability are further complicated by the fact that under current environmental laws we could be jointly
and severally liable for certain activities of third parties over whom we have little or no control. Although we believe that we are
currently in substantial compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to fines, penalties or other liabilities
or could be adversely affected by existing or subsequently enacted laws or regulations. The principal environmental laws affecting our
customers and us are briefly discussed below. 

The
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended RCRA 

RCRA
and its associated regulations establish a strict and comprehensive permitting and regulatory program applicable to companies, such as
us, that treat, store or dispose of hazardous waste. The EPA has promulgated regulations under RCRA for new and existing treatment, storage
and disposal facilities including incinerators, storage and treatment tanks, storage containers, storage and treatment surface impoundments,
waste piles and landfills. Every facility that treats, stores or disposes of hazardous waste must obtain a RCRA permit or must obtain
interim status from the EPA, or a state agency, which has been authorized by the EPA to administer its program, and must comply with
certain operating, financial responsibility and closure requirements. 

The
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA, also referred to as the Superfund
Act 

CERCLA
governs the cleanup of sites at which hazardous substances are located or at which hazardous substances have been released or are threatened
to be released into the environment. CERCLA authorizes the EPA to compel responsible parties to clean up sites and provides for punitive
damages for noncompliance. CERCLA imposes joint and several liabilities for the costs of clean up and damages to natural resources. 

Health
and Safety Regulations 

The
operation of our environmental activities is subject to the requirements of the OSHA and comparable state laws. Regulations promulgated
under OSHA by the Department of Labor require employers of persons in the transportation and environmental industries, including independent
contractors, to implement hazard communications, work practices and personnel protection programs in order to protect employees from
equipment safety hazards and exposure to hazardous chemicals. 

Atomic
Energy Act 

The
Atomic Energy Act of 1954 governs the safe handling and use of Source, Special Nuclear and Byproduct materials in the U.S. and its territories.
This act authorized the Atomic Energy Commission (now the Nuclear Regulatory Commission USNRC to enter into Agreements
with states to carry out those regulatory functions in those respective states except for Nuclear Power Plants and federal facilities
like the VA hospitals and the DOE operations. The State of Florida Department of Health (with the USNRC oversight), Office of
Radiation Control, regulates the licensing and radiological program of the PFF facility; the State of Tennessee (with the USNRC oversight),
Tennessee Division of Radiological Health, regulates licensing and the radiological program of the DSSI facility and the EWOC facility;
and the State of Washington (with the USNRC oversight) Department of Health, regulates licensing and the radiological operations of the
PFNWR facility. 

Other
Laws 

Our
activities are subject to other federal environmental protection and similar laws, including, without limitation, the Clean Water Act,
the Clean Air Act, the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act and the TSCA. Many states have also adopted laws for the protection of
the environment which may affect us, including laws governing the generation, handling, transportation and disposition of hazardous substances
and laws governing the investigation and cleanup of, and liability for, contaminated sites. Some of these state provisions are broader
and more stringent than existing federal law and regulations. Our failure to conform our services to the requirements of any of these
other applicable federal or state laws could subject us to substantial liabilities which could have a material adverse effect on us,
our operations and financial condition. In addition to various federal, state and local environmental regulations, our hazardous waste
transportation activities are regulated by the U.S. Department of Transportation, the Interstate Commerce Commission and transportation
regulatory bodies in the states in which we operate. We cannot predict the extent to which we may be affected by any law or rule that
may be enacted or enforced in the future, or any new or different interpretations of existing laws or rules. 

6 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

The
following are certain risk factors that could affect our business, financial performance, and results of operations. These risk factors
should be considered in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K, as the forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations, and actual results and conditions could differ materially from the current expectations.
Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk, and before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider these
risk factors as well as other information we include or incorporate by reference in the other reports we file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Commission ). 

Risks
Relating to our Business and Operations 

Failure
to maintain our financial assurance coverage that we are required to have in order to operate our permitted treatment, storage and
disposal facilities could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We
maintain finite risk insurance policies and bonding mechanisms which provide financial assurance to the applicable states for our permitted
facilities in the event of unforeseen closure of those facilities. We are required to provide and to maintain financial assurance that
guarantees to the state that in the event of closure, our permitted facilities will be closed in accordance with the regulations. In
the event that we are unable to obtain or maintain our financial assurance coverage for any reason, this could materially impact our
operations and our permits which we are required to have in order to operate our treatment, storage, and disposal facilities. 

Natural
disasters and/or public health events, including COVID-19 and their direct and indirect macroeconomic impacts, could continue to negatively
impact our business and results of operations. 

Public
health threats and outbreaks such as COVID-19 and natural disasters such as hurricanes and severe weather conditions have negatively
impacted our results of operations. The direct impacts of these such events resulted in delayed waste shipments from certain of our customers
and delays in procurement, contract awards and planning on behalf of our government clients which negatively impacted our revenue. Residual
and lingering macroeconomic effects from these such events could continue to impact supply chain, workforce availability, and/or increased
costs which could have a downward effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may attempt to increase our
sales prices in order to maintain satisfactory margin; however, competitive pressures in our industry may have the effect of inhibiting
our ability to reflect these increased costs in the prices of our services that we provide to our customers and therefore reduce our
profitability. 

If
we cannot maintain adequate insurance coverage, we will be unable to continue certain operations. 

Our
business exposes us to various risks, including claims for causing damage to property and injuries to persons that may involve allegations
of negligence or professional errors or omissions in the performance of our services. Such claims could be substantial. We believe that
our insurance coverage is presently adequate and similar to, or greater than, the coverage maintained by other companies in the industry
of our size. If we are unable to obtain adequate or required insurance coverage in the future, or if our insurance is not available at
affordable rates, we would violate our permit conditions and other requirements of the environmental laws, rules, and regulations under
which we operate. Such violations would render us unable to continue certain of our operations. These events would have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition. 

7 

The
inability to maintain existing government contracts or win new government contracts over an extended period could have a material adverse
effect on our operations and adversely affect our future revenues. 

A
material amount of our Treatment and Services Segments revenues are generated through various government contracts or subcontracts.
Our revenues from governmental contracts and subcontracts relating to governmental facilities within our segments were approximately
 60,030,000, or 85.0 , and 60,812,000, or 84.2 , of our consolidated revenues for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Most of our government
contracts or our subcontracts granted under government contracts are awarded through a regulated competitive bidding process. Some government
contracts are awarded to multiple competitors, which increase overall competition and pricing pressure and may require us to make sustained
post-award efforts to realize revenues under these government contracts. Contracts with, or subcontracts involving, the U.S federal government
are generally terminable for convenience at any time at the option of the governmental agency. The contracts/TOAs that we are a party
to with Canadian governmental authorities also generally provide that the government authorities may terminate the contracts/TOAs at
any time for any reason for convenience. If we fail to maintain or replace these relationships, or if a material contract is terminated
or renegotiated in a manner that is materially adverse to us, our revenues and future operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Our
existing and future customers may reduce or halt their spending on hazardous waste and nuclear services with outside vendors, including
us. 

A
variety of factors may cause our existing or future customers (including government clients) to reduce or halt their spending on hazardous
waste and nuclear services from outside vendors, including us. These factors include, but are not limited to: 

accidents,
 terrorism, natural disasters or other incidents occurring at nuclear facilities or involving
 shipments of nuclear materials; 
 
 failure
 of government to approve necessary budgets, or to reduce the amount of the budget necessary,
 to fund remediation sites, including DOE and DOD sites; 
 
 civic
 opposition to or changes in government policies regarding nuclear operations; 
 
 a
 reduction in demand for nuclear generating capacity; or 
 
 failure
 to perform under existing contracts, directly or indirectly, with the government. 

These
events could result in or cause government clients to terminate or cancel existing contracts involving us to treat, store or dispose
of contaminated waste and/or to perform remediation projects, at one or more of government sites. These events also could adversely affect
us to the extent that they result in the reduction or elimination of contractual requirements, lower demand for nuclear services, burdensome
regulation, disruptions of shipments or production, increased operational costs or difficulties or increased liability for actual or
threatened property damage or personal injury. 

Economic
downturns, reductions in government funding or other events (including COVID-19) beyond our control could have a material negative impact
on our businesses. 

Demand
for our services has been, and we expect that demand will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors
beyond our control, including, without limitation, economic conditions, reductions in the budget for spending to remediate federal sites
due to numerous reasons including, without limitation, the substantial deficits that the federal government has and is continuing to
incur. During economic downturns, large budget deficits that the federal government and many states are experiencing, and other events
beyond our control, including, but not limited to the impact from COVID-19, the ability of private and government entities to spend on
waste services, including nuclear services, may decline significantly. Our operations depend, in large part, upon governmental funding
(for example, the annual budget of the DOE) or specifically mandated levels for different programs that are important to our business
could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flow. 

The
loss of one or a few customers could have an adverse effect on us. 

One
or a few governmental customers or governmental related customers have in the past, and may in the future, account for a significant
portion of our revenue in any one year or over a period of several consecutive years. Because customers generally contract with us for
specific projects, we may lose these significant customers from year to year as their projects with us are completed. Our inability to
replace the business with other similar significant projects could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

8 

We
are a holding company and depend, in large part, on receiving funds from our subsidiaries to fund our indebtedness. 

Because
we are a holding company and operations are conducted through our subsidiaries, our ability to meet our obligations depends, in large
part, on the operating performance and cash flows of our subsidiaries. 

Our
Treatment Segment has limited end disposal sites to utilize to dispose of its waste which could significantly impact our results of operations. 

Our
Treatment Segment has limited options available for disposal of our nuclear waste. Currently, there are only four commercial disposal
sites for our low-level radioactive waste and six commercial disposal sites for our very low-level activity waste we receive from non-governmental
sites, allowing us to take advantage of the pricing competition between these sites. If one or more of these commercial disposal sites
ceases to accept waste or closes for any reason or refuses to accept the waste of our Treatment Segment, for any reason, we would have
limited remaining site to dispose of our nuclear waste. With limited end disposal site to dispose of our waste, we could be subject to
significantly increased costs which could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Our
operations are subject to seasonal factors, which cause our revenues to fluctuate. 

We
have historically experienced reduced revenues and losses during the first and fourth quarters of our fiscal years due to a seasonal
slowdown in operations from poor weather conditions, overall reduced activities during these periods resulting from holiday periods,
and finalization of government budgets during the fourth quarter of each year. During our second and third fiscal quarters there has
historically been an increase in revenues and operating profits. If we do not continue to have increased revenues and profitability during
the second and third fiscal quarters, this could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity. 

We
are engaged in highly competitive businesses and typically must bid against other competitors to obtain major contracts. 

We
are engaged in highly competitive business in which most of our government contracts and some of our commercial contracts are awarded
through competitive bidding processes. We compete with national, regional firms and some international firms with nuclear and/or hazardous
waste services practices, as well as small or local contractors. Some of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than
we do, which can give them a competitive advantage. In addition, even if we are qualified to work on a new government contract, we might
not be awarded the contract because of existing government policies designed to protect certain types of businesses and under-represented
minority contractors. Although we believe we have the ability to certify and bid government contract as a small business, there are a
number of qualified small businesses in our market that will provide intense competition. For international business, which we continue
to focus on, there are additional competitors, many from within the country the work is to be performed, making winning work in foreign
countries more challenging. Competition places downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins. If we are unable to meet
these competitive challenges, we could lose market share and experience on overall reduction in our profits. 

We
bear the risk of cost overruns in fixed-price contracts. We may experience reduced profits or, in some cases, losses under these contracts
if costs increase above our estimates. 

Our
revenues may be earned under contracts that are fixed-price or maximum price in nature. Fixed-price contracts expose us to a number of
risks not inherent in cost-reimbursable contracts. Under fixed price and guaranteed maximum-price contracts, contract prices are established
in part on cost and scheduling estimates which are based on a number of assumptions, including assumptions about future economic conditions,
prices and availability of labor, equipment and materials, and other exigencies. If these estimates prove inaccurate, or if circumstances
change such as unanticipated technical problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals, changes in laws or labor conditions,
continued supply chain interruptions, weather delays, cost of raw materials, our suppliers or subcontractors inability
to perform, and/or other events beyond our control, such as the impact of COVID-19, cost overruns may occur and we could experience reduced
profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project. Errors or ambiguities as to contract specifications can also lead to cost-overruns. 

9 

Adequate
bonding is necessary for us to win certain types of new work and support facility closure requirements. 

We
are often required to provide performance bonds to customers under certain of our contracts, primarily within our Services Segment. These
surety instruments indemnify the customer if we fail to perform our obligations under the contract. If a bond is required for a particular
project and we are unable to obtain it due to insufficient liquidity or other reasons, we may not be able to pursue that project. In
addition, we provide bonds to support financial assurance in the event of facility closure pursuant to state requirements. We currently
have a bonding facility but, the issuance of bonds under that facility is at the surety s sole discretion. Moreover, due to events
that affect the insurance and bonding markets generally, bonding may be more difficult to obtain in the future or may only be available
at significant additional cost. There can be no assurance that bonds will continue to be available to us on reasonable terms. Our inability
to obtain adequate bonding and, as a result, to bid on new work could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

If
we cannot maintain our governmental permits or cannot obtain required permits, we may not be able to continue or expand our operations. 

We
are a nuclear services and waste management company. Our business is subject to extensive, evolving, and increasingly stringent federal,
state, and local environmental laws and regulations. Such federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations govern our activities
regarding the treatment, storage, recycling, disposal, and transportation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste and low-level radioactive
waste. We must obtain and maintain permits or licenses to conduct these activities in compliance with such laws and regulations. Failure
to obtain and maintain the required permits or licenses would have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.
If any of our facilities are unable to maintain currently held permits or licenses or obtain any additional permits or licenses which
may be required to conduct its operations, we may not be able to continue those operations at these facilities, which could have a material
adverse effect on us. 

Risks
Related to Laws and Regulations 

As
a government contractor, we are subject to extensive government regulation, and our failure to comply with applicable regulations could
subject us to penalties that may restrict our ability to conduct our business. 

Our
governmental contracts or subcontracts relating to DOE sites, are a significant part of our business. Allowable costs under U.S. government
contracts are subject to audit by the U.S. government. If these audits result in determinations that costs claimed as reimbursable are
not allowed costs or were not allocated in accordance with applicable regulations, we could be required to reimburse the U.S. government
for amounts previously received. 

Governmental
contracts or subcontracts involving governmental facilities are often subject to specific procurement regulations, contract provisions
and a variety of other requirements relating to the formation, administration, performance and accounting of these contracts. Many of
these contracts include express or implied certifications of compliance with applicable regulations and contractual provisions. If we
fail to comply with any regulations, requirements or statutes, our existing governmental contracts or subcontracts involving governmental
facilities could be terminated or we could be suspended from government contracting or subcontracting. If one or more of our governmental
contracts or subcontracts are terminated for any reason, or if we are suspended or debarred from government work, we could suffer a significant
reduction in expected revenues and profits. Furthermore, as a result of our governmental contracts or subcontracts involving governmental
facilities, claims for civil or criminal fraud may be brought by the government or violations of these regulations, requirements or statutes. 

10 

Changes
in environmental regulations and enforcement policies could subject us to additional liability and adversely affect our ability to continue
certain operations. 

We
cannot predict the extent to which our operations may be affected by future governmental enforcement policies as applied to existing
environmental laws, by changes to current environmental laws and regulations, or by the enactment of new environmental laws and regulations.
Any predictions regarding possible liability under such laws are complicated further by current environmental laws which provide that
we could be liable, jointly and severally, for certain activities of third parties over whom we have limited or no control. 

Our
businesses subject us to substantial potential environmental liability. 

Our
business of rendering services in connection with management of waste, including certain types of hazardous waste, low-level radioactive
waste, and mixed waste (waste containing both hazardous and low-level radioactive waste), subjects us to risks of liability for damages.
Such liability could involve, without limitation: 

claims
 for clean-up costs, personal injury or damage to the environment in cases in which we are
 held responsible for the release of hazardous or radioactive materials; 
 
 claims of
 employees, customers, or third parties for personal injury or property damage occurring in the course of our operations;
 and 
 
 claims alleging
 negligence or professional errors or omissions in the planning or performance of our services. 

Our
operations are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations. We have in the past, and could in the future, be subject to substantial
fines, penalties, and sanctions for violations of environmental laws and substantial expenditures as a responsible party for the cost
of remediating any property which may be contaminated by hazardous substances generated by us and disposed at such property, or transported
by us to a site selected by us, including properties we own or lease. 

As
our operations expand, we may be subject to increased litigation, which could have a negative impact on our future financial results. 

Our
operations are highly regulated and we are subject to numerous laws and regulations regarding procedures for waste treatment, storage,
recycling, transportation, and disposal activities, all of which may provide the basis for litigation against us. In recent years, the
waste treatment industry has experienced a significant increase in so-called toxic-tort litigation as those injured by
contamination seek to recover for personal injuries or property damage. We believe that, as our operations and activities expand, there
will be a similar increase in the potential for litigation alleging that we have violated environmental laws or regulations or are responsible
for contamination or pollution caused by our normal operations, negligence or other misconduct, or for accidents, which occur in the
course of our business activities. Such litigation, if significant and not adequately insured against, could adversely affect our financial
condition and our ability to fund our operations. Protracted litigation would likely cause us to spend significant amounts of our time,
effort, and money. This could prevent our management from focusing on our operations and expansion. 

If
environmental regulation or enforcement is relaxed, the demand for our services could decrease. 

The
demand for our services is substantially dependent upon the public s concern with, and the continuation and proliferation of, the
laws and regulations governing the treatment, storage, recycling, and disposal of hazardous, non-hazardous, and low-level radioactive
waste. A decrease in the level of public concern, the repeal or modification of these laws, or any significant relaxation of regulations
relating to the treatment, storage, recycling, and disposal of hazardous waste and low-level radioactive waste could significantly reduce
the demand for our services and could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. We are not aware of any
current federal or state government or agency efforts in which a moratorium or limitation has been, or will be, placed upon the creation
of new hazardous or radioactive waste regulations that would have a material adverse effect on us; however, no assurance can be made
that such a moratorium or limitation will not be implemented in the future. 

We
and our customers operate in a politically sensitive environment, and the public perception of nuclear power and radioactive materials
can affect our customers and us. 

We
and our customers operate in a politically sensitive environment. Opposition by third parties to particular projects can limit the handling
and disposal of radioactive materials. Adverse public reaction to developments in the disposal of radioactive materials, including any
high-profile incident involving the discharge of radioactive materials, could directly affect our customers and indirectly affect our
business. Adverse public reaction also could lead to increased regulation or outright prohibition, limitations on the activities of our
customers, more onerous operating requirements or other conditions that could have a material adverse impact on our customers 
and our business. 

11 

The
elimination or any modification of the Price-Anderson Acts indemnification authority could have adverse consequences for our business. 

The
Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended, or the AEA, comprehensively regulates the manufacture, use, and storage of radioactive materials.
The Price-Anderson Act PAA supports the nuclear services industry by offering broad indemnification to DOE contractors
for liabilities arising out of nuclear incidents at DOE nuclear facilities. That indemnification protects DOE prime contractor, but also
similar companies that work under contract or subcontract for a DOE prime contract or transporting radioactive material to or from a
site. The indemnification authority of the DOE under the PAA was extended through 2025 by the Energy Policy Act of 2005. 

Under
certain conditions, the PAA s indemnification provisions may not apply to our processing of radioactive waste at governmental facilities,
and may not apply to liabilities that we might incur while performing services as a contractor for the DOE and the nuclear energy industry.
If an incident or evacuation is not covered under PAA indemnification, we could be held liable for damages, regardless of fault, which
could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. If such indemnification authority is not applicable
in the future, our business could be adversely affected if the owners and operators of new facilities fail to retain our services in
the absence of commercial adequate insurance and indemnification. 

Risks
Relating to our Financial Performance and Position and Need for Financing 

We
sustained a loss in 2022, and if we are unable to improve our results of operations in 2023, it could have a material adverse effect
on the Company. 

In
2022, we sustained a loss in our results of operations. We believe that we will be able to improve our results of operations in 2023.
If we are unable to substantially improve our results in 2023, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company and our operations. 

If
any of our permits, other intangible assets, and tangible assets becomes impaired, we may be required to record significant charges to
earnings. 

Under
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ), we review our intangible and tangible assets
for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Our permits are tested for
impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our permit,
other intangible assets, and tangible assets may not be recoverable, include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, reduced
future cash flow estimates, and slower growth rates in our industry. We may be required, in the future, to record impairment charges
in our financial statements, in which any impairment of our permit, other intangible assets, and tangible assets is determined. Such
impairment charges could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Breach
of any of the covenants in our credit facility could result in a default, triggering repayment of outstanding debt under the credit facility
and the termination of our credit facility. 

Our
credit facility with our bank contains financial covenants. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit
facility triggering our lender to immediately require the repayment of all outstanding debt under our credit facility and terminate all
commitments to extend further credit. We failed to meet our quarterly fixed charge coverage ratio FCCR requirement for
the second quarter of 2022; however, our lender waived this non-compliance. We were not required to perform testing of our FCCR in the
first and third quarters of 2022. As a result of a recent amendment that we entered into with our lender in March 2023, we were not required
to perform testing our FCCR for the fourth quarter of 2022. Additionally, in the past, when we also failed to meet our minimum FCCR requirement
in certain instances, our lender has either waived these instances of non-compliance or provided certain amendments to our FCCR requirements
which enabled us to meet our quarterly FCCR requirements. Also, our lender has in the past waived our FCCR testing requirement in certain
quarters. If we fail to meet any of our financial covenants going forward, including the minimum quarterly FCCR requirement, and our
lender does not further waive the non-compliance or further revise our covenant requirement so that we are in compliance, our lender
could accelerate the payment of our borrowings under our credit facility and terminate our credit facility. In such event, we may not
have sufficient liquidity to repay our debt under our credit facility and other indebtedness and/or operate our business. 

12 

Our
debt and borrowing availability under our credit facility could adversely affect our operations. 

At
December 31, 2022, our aggregate consolidated debt was approximately 1,039,000. Our Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit, Term
Loan and Security Agreement dated May 8, 2020, as amended, provides for a total credit facility commitment consisting of a 18,000,000
revolving line of credit, a term loan balance of approximately 1,742,000 and a capital line of 1,000,000, with advances available through
May 4, 2022. As a result of a recent amendment to our credit facility that we entered into with our lender in March 2023, the revolving
line of credit was reduced to 12,500,000. The maximum we can borrow under the revolving part of the credit facility is based on a percentage
of the amount of our eligible receivables outstanding at any one time reduced by outstanding standby letters of credit and any borrowing
reduction that our lender has or may impose from time to time. At December 31, 2022, we had no borrowing under the revolving part of
our credit facility and borrowing availability of up to an additional 4,290,000. The borrowing availability of 4,290,000 at December
31, 2022 included a requirement from our lender that we maintain a minimum of 3,000,000 in borrowing availability. As a result of the
amendment to our credit facility that we entered into with our lender as discussed above, we are required to continue to maintain a minimum
of 3,000,000 in borrowing availability under the revolving credit until the minimum FCCR requirement for the quarter ended June 30,
2023 has been met and certified to our lender. A lack of positive operating results could have material adverse consequences on our ability
to operate our business. Our ability to make principal and interest payments, to refinance indebtedness, and borrow under our credit
facility will depend on both our and our subsidiaries future operating performance and cash flow. Prevailing economic conditions,
interest rate levels, and financial, competitive, business, and other factors affect us. Many of these factors are beyond our control,
including the impact of COVID-19. 

Our
indebtedness could limit our financial and operating activities, and adversely affect our ability to incur additional debt to fund future
needs. 

As
a result of our indebtedness, we could, among other things, be: 

required
 to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to the payment of principal and interest,
 thereby reducing the funds available for operations and future business opportunities; 

make
 it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations; 

limit
 our ability to borrow additional money if needed for other purposes, including working capital,
 capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other
 purposes, on satisfactory terms or at all; 

limit
 our ability to adjust to changing economic, business and competitive conditions; 

place
 us at a competitive disadvantage with competitors who may have less indebtedness or greater
 access to financing; 

make
 us more vulnerable to an increase in interest rates, a downturn in our operating performance
 or a decline in general economic conditions; and 

make
 us more susceptible to changes in credit ratings, which could impact our ability to obtain
 financing in the future and increase the cost of such financing. 

Any
of the foregoing could adversely impact our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. Our ability to continue our operations
depends on our ability to generate profitable operations or complete equity or debt financings to increase our capital. 

13 

We
may be unable to utilize loss carryforwards in the future. 

We
have approximately 25,413,000 and 78,400,000 in net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively
and expires in various amounts starting in 2022 if not used against future federal and state income tax liabilities, respectively. Approximately
 25,296,000 of our federal net operating loss carryforwards were generated after December 31, 2017 and thus do not expire. Our net loss
carryforwards are subject to various limitations. Our ability to use the net loss carryforwards depends on whether we are able to generate
sufficient income in the future years. Further, our net loss carryforwards have not been audited or approved by the Internal Revenue
Service. 

Risks
Relating to our Common Stock 

Issuance
of substantial amounts of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock could depress our stock price
or dilute the percentage ownership of our Common Stockholders. 

Any
sales of substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market could cause an adverse effect on the market price of our Common
Stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. The issuance of our Common Stock
will result in the dilution in the percentage membership interest of our stockholders and the dilution in ownership value. At December
31, 2022, we had 13,324,756 shares of Common Stock outstanding. In addition, at December 31, 2022, we had outstanding options to purchase
1,018,400 shares of our Common Stock at exercise prices ranging from 2.79 to 7.50 per share and an outstanding warrant to purchase
60,000 shares of our Common Stock at exercise price of 3.51 per share. Future sales of the shares issuable could also depress the market
price of our Common Stock. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

Since
our inception, we have not paid cash dividends on our Common Stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. Our credit facility prohibits us from paying cash dividends on our Common Stock without prior approval from our lender. 

The
price of our Common Stock may fluctuate significantly, which may make it difficult for our stockholders to resell our Common Stock when
a stockholder wants or at prices a stockholder finds attractive. 

The
price of our Common Stock on the NASDAQ Capital Markets constantly changes. We expect that the market price of our Common Stock will
continue to fluctuate. This may make it difficult for our stockholders to resell the Common Stock when a stockholder wants or at prices
a stockholder finds attractive. 

General
Risk Factors 

Loss
of certain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Our
success depends on the contributions of our key management, environmental and engineering personnel. Our future success depends on our
ability to retain and expand our staff of qualified personnel, including environmental specialists and technicians, sales personnel,
and engineers. Without qualified personnel, we may incur delays in rendering our services or be unable to render certain services. We
cannot be certain that we will be successful in our efforts to attract and retain qualified personnel as their availability is limited
(especially in the current labor market environment) due to the demand for hazardous waste management services and the highly competitive
nature of the hazardous waste management industry. We do not maintain key person insurance on any of our employees, officers, or directors. 

We
may not be successful in winning new business mandates from our government and commercial customers or international customers. 

We
must be successful in winning mandates from our government, commercial customers and international customers to replace revenues from
projects that we have completed or that are nearing completion and to increase our revenues. Our business and operating results can be
adversely affected by the size and timing of a single material contract. 

Our
failure to maintain our safety record could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Our
safety record is critical to our reputation. In addition, many of our government and commercial customers require that we maintain certain
specified safety record guidelines to be eligible to bid for contracts with these customers. Furthermore, contract terms may provide
for automatic termination in the event that our safety record fails to adhere to agreed-upon guidelines during performance of the contract.
As a result, our failure to maintain our safety record could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

14 

Systems
failures, interruptions or breaches of security and other cyber security risks could have an adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
are subject to certain operational risks to our information systems. Because of efforts on the part of computer hackers and cyberterrorists
to breach data security of companies, we face risk associated with potential failures to adequately protect critical corporate, customer
and employee data. As part of our business, we develop and retain confidential data about us and our customers, including the U.S. government.
We also rely on the services of a variety of vendors to meet our data processing and communications needs. 

Despite
our implemented security measures and established policies, we cannot be certain that all of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability
to attack or other technological difficulties or failures or failures on the part of our employees to follow our established security
measures and policies. Information security risks have increased significantly. Our technologies, systems, and networks may become the
target of cyber-attacks, computer viruses, malicious code, or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release,
gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our or our customers confidential, proprietary and other information and
the disruption of our business operations. A security breach could adversely impact our customer relationships, reputation and operation
and result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to us or to our customers or to our employees, and litigation
exposure. While we maintain a system of internal controls and procedures, any breach, attack, or failure as discussed above could have
a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations or liquidity. 

There
is also an increasing attention on the importance of cybersecurity relating to infrastructure. This creates the potential for future
developments in regulations relating to cybersecurity that may adversely impact us, our customers and how we offer our services to our
customers. 

We
may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change . 

Climate
change is receiving ever increasing attention from scientists, legislators and the public. The debate is ongoing as to the extent to
which our climate is changing, the potential causes of this change and its potential impacts. Some attribute global warming to increased
levels of greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse
gas emissions. Presently there are no federally mandated greenhouse gas reduction requirements in the United States. However, there are
a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to address greenhouse gas emissions, which are in various phases of discussion or implementation.
The outcome of federal and state actions to address global climate change could result in a variety of regulatory programs including
potential new regulations. Any adoption by federal or state governments mandating a substantial reduction in greenhouse gas emissions
could increase costs associated with our operations. Until the timing, scope and extent of any future regulation becomes known, we cannot
predict the effect on our financial position, operating results and cash flows. 

We
believe our proprietary technology is important to us. 

We
believe that it is important that we maintain our proprietary technologies. There can be no assurance that the steps taken by us to protect
our proprietary technologies will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of these technologies by third parties. Misappropriation of
our proprietary technology could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. Changes to current environmental laws
and regulations also could limit the use of our proprietary technology. 

Failure
to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or failure to remediate a material weakness in internal control over
financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and stock price. 

Maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and is important in helping
to prevent financial fraud. If we are unable to maintain adequate internal controls, our business and operating results could be harmed.
We are required to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of Sarbanes Oxley and the related rules of the Commission, which require,
among other things, management to assess annually the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, management concluded that a material weakness existed in internal control over financial reporting related to our
application of ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, specifically to contracts that contain nonstandard terms
and conditions. This material weakness has been remediated (see Item 9A. Controls and Procedures for a discussion of this
material weakness and the remediation plan that were implemented). If we are unable to maintain adequate internal control over financial
reporting at any time going forward, there is a reasonable possibility that a misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected in a timely manner. If we cannot produce reliable financial reports, investors could lose confidence
in our reported financial information, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly, and our business, financial
condition, and reputation could be harmed. 

15 

Delaware
law, certain of our charter provisions, our stock option plans, outstanding warrants and our Preferred Stock may inhibit a change of
control under circumstances that could give you an opportunity to realize a premium over prevailing market prices. 

We
are a Delaware corporation governed, in part, by the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, an anti-takeover
law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a Delaware public corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested
stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder,
unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. As a result of Section 203, potential acquirers may be discouraged
from attempting to effect acquisition transactions with us, thereby possibly depriving our security holders of certain opportunities
to sell, or otherwise dispose of, such securities at above-market prices pursuant to such transactions. Further, certain of our option
plans provide for the immediate acceleration of, and removal of restrictions from, options and other awards under such plans upon a change
of control (as defined in the respective plans). Such provisions may also have the result of discouraging acquisition of us. 

We
have authorized and unissued 15,589,202 (which include shares issuable under outstanding options to purchase 1,018,400 shares of our
Common Stock and shares issuable under an outstanding warrant to purchase 60,000 shares of our Common Stock) shares of our Common Stock
and 2,000,000 shares of our Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2022. These unissued shares could be used by our management to make it
more difficult for, and thereby discourage, an attempt to acquire control of us. 

Third
party expectations relating to ESG factors may impose additional costs and expose us and our clients to new risks. 

There
is an increasing focus from certain investors and certain of our customers, and other stakeholders concerning corporate responsibility,
specifically related to ESG factors. Some investors may use these factors to guide their investment strategies and, in some cases, may
choose not to invest in us, or otherwise do business with us, if they believe our policies relating to corporate responsibility are inadequate
or do not align with theirs. Third party providers of corporate responsibility ratings and reports on companies have increased in number,
resulting in varied standards. In addition, the criteria by which companies corporate responsibility practices are assessed are
evolving, which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria.
Alternatively, if we elect not to or are unable to satisfy such new criteria or do not meet the criteria of a specific third-party provider,
some investors may conclude that our policies with respect to corporate responsibility are inadequate. We may face reputational damage
in the event that our corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by various constituencies. If we
fail to satisfy the expectations of investors, our customers and other stakeholders or our initiatives are not executed as planned, our
reputation and financial results could be adversely affected and our revenues, results of operations and ability to grow our business
may be negatively impacted. Additionally, new legislative or regulatory initiatives related to ESG could adversely affect our business. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
Applicable. 

16 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Our
principal executive office is in Atlanta, Georgia. Our Business Center is located in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. Our Treatment Segment facilities
are located in Gainesville, Florida; Kingston, Tennessee; Richland, Washington; and Oak Ridge, Tennessee. All of the properties where
these facilities operate on are pledged to our senior lender as collateral for our credit facility with the exception of the property
at Oak Ridge, Tennessee which is leased. Our Services Segment maintains offices, which are all leased properties. We maintain properties
in Valdosta, Georgia and Memphis, Tennessee, which are all non-operational and are included within our discontinued operations. 

The
Company currently leases properties in the following locations for operations and administrative functions within our Treatment and Services
Segments, including our corporate office and Business Center: 

Square
 Footage (SF)/ 

Location 
 
 Acreage
 (AC) 
 
 Expiration
 of Lease 
 
 Oak
 Ridge, TN (Business Center) 
 
 16,319
 SF 
 
 April
 30, 2026 
 
 Oak
 Ridge, TN (Services) 
 
 5,000
 SF 
 
 September
 30, 2023 
 
 Blaydon
 On Tyne, England (Services) 
 
 1,000
 SF 
 
 Monthly 
 
 New
 Brighton, PA (Services) 
 
 3,558
 SF 
 
 June
 30, 2024 
 
 Newport,
 KY (Services) 
 
 1,566
 SF 
 
 Monthly 
 
 Atlanta,
 GA (Corporate) 
 
 6,499
 SF 
 
 July
 31, 2024 
 
 Oak
 Ridge, TN (Treatment) 
 
 8.7
 AC, including 17,400 SF 
 
 September
 30, 2023 

We
believe that the above facilities currently provide adequate capacity for our operations and that additional facilities are readily available
in the regions in which we operate, which could support and supplement our existing facilities. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

See
 Part II Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies Legal Matters for a discussion of our legal proceedings. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not
Applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Our
Common Stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Markets NASDAQ under the symbol PESI. The following table
sets forth the high and low market trade prices quoted for the Common Stock during the periods shown. The source of such quotations and
information is the NASDAQ online trading history reports. 

2022 
 2021 

Low 
 High 
 Low 
 High 
 
 Common Stock 
 1 st Quarter 
 4.89 
 6.52 
 5.74 
 7.99 

2 nd Quarter 
 4.91 
 6.09 
 6.70 
 7.95 

3 rd Quarter 
 4.26 
 5.93 
 5.53 
 7.56 

4 th Quarter 
 3.20 
 4.57 
 6.00 
 7.30 

At
February 14, 2023, there were approximately 128 stockholders of record of our Common Stock. The actual number of our stockholders is
greater than this number, and includes beneficial owners whose shares are held in street name by banks, brokers, and other
nominees. 

17 

Since
our inception, we have not paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock and have no dividend policy. Our loan agreement dated May 8, 2020,
as amended, prohibits us from paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock without prior approval from our lender. We do not anticipate
paying cash dividends on our outstanding Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

There
were no purchases made by us or on behalf of us or any of our affiliated members of shares of our Common Stock during 2022. 

See
 Note 6 - Capital Stock, Stock Plans, Warrants, and Stock Based Compensation in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data and Equity Compensation Plans in Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matter for securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation
plans which are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
6. 
 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
required under Regulation S-K for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Certain
statements contained within this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Act, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (collectively, the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 ).
See Special Note regarding Forward-Looking Statements contained in this report. 

Management s
discussion and analysis is based, among other things, our audited consolidated financial statements and includes our accounts, the accounts
of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and the account of a variable interest entity for which we were the primary beneficiary. 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included
in Item 8 of this report. 

COVID-19
and Other Impacts 

Our
2022 financial results continued to be impacted by COVID-19, among other things. Our Treatment Segment began to see steady improvements
in waste receipts starting in the second quarter of 2022 from certain customers who had previously delayed waste shipments due, in part,
from the impact of COVID-19 which is reflective of our Treatment Segment s backlog of approximately 9,156,000 at December 31,
2022, an increase of approximately 2,027,000 from the balance of 7,129,000 at December 31, 2021. This positive trend was negatively
impacted by occurrences of severe weather conditions which contributed to temporary delays in waste shipments from certain customers
and a temporary shortage in skilled production personnel which peaked through the fourth quarter of 2022 at one of our facilities. In
early part of 2022, our Services Segment continued to experience delays/curtailments in project work by certain customers since the award
of projects to us late in the second quarter of 2021 due to COVID-19 impact and/or administrative delays. However, starting in the second
quarter of 2022, work under these projects had resumed/increased as the pandemic impacts began to subside and has since reached full
operational status. 

In
2022, we continued to realize delays in procurement and planning on behalf of our government clients that saw easing through the second
half of the year. Heading into 2023, we expect to see continued improvements in waste receipts and continued increases in project work
from contracts recently won and bids submitted in both segments that are awaiting awards, subject to potential impact of COVID-19 and
economic impacts. 

18 

Liquidity Overview 

We
believe we have sufficient liquidity on hand to continue business operations during the next twelve months. At December 31, 2022, we
had borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility of approximately 4,290,000 which was based on a percentage of eligible
receivables and subject to certain reserves. Our borrowing availability of 4,290,000 at December 31, 2022 included a requirement from
our lender that we maintain a minimum of 3,000,000 in borrowing availability. As a result of an amendment to our Loan Agreement that
we entered into with our lender in March 2023, we are required to continue to maintain a minimum of 3,000,000 in borrowing availability
under our revolving credit until the minimum FCCR requirement for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 has been met and certified to our lender
(see Financing Activities within this MD A for a discussion of this amendment). We continue to assess ways to improve
our liquidity and the need in reducing operating costs during this volatile time. Reducing operating costs may include curtailing certain
capital expenditures and eliminating non-essential expenditures. We continue to closely monitor any potential impact from the countries 
economic conditions and COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business. 

Although
we believe we have sufficient liquidity to support our operations over the next twelve months, due to losses incurred in 2022 and our
lender requiring us to maintain a minimum borrowing availability of 3,000,000 as discussed above, we are working toward improving our
liquidity by either amending our existing lines of credit, obtaining new term loans or entering into equity transactions. There are no
assurances that we will be successful in increasing our liquidity through these efforts. 

Review 

Revenue
decreased by 1,592,000 or 2.2 to 70,599,000 for the twelve-month ended December 31, 2022 from 72,191,000 for the corresponding period
of 2021. The decrease was entirely within our Services Segment where revenue decreased by 1,958,000 or 5.0 to 37,241,000 from 39,199,000.
As previously disclosed, work under certain of the new projects awarded to our Services Segment at the end of the second quarter of 2021
continued to be delayed/curtailed into most of the first quarter of 2022 due to COVID-19 impact and/or administrative delays experienced
by certain customers. However, work under these projects resumed/increased starting in the second quarter of 2022 and has since reached
full operational status. The lower revenue in 2022 was further exacerbated by the completion of a large project in the second quarter
of 2021 which was not replaced with a similar size contract because of delays in contract awards and procurement from COVID-19 impact
which continued into the first half of 2022 and eased through the second half of 2022. Our Treatment Segment revenue increased by 366,000
or 1.1 primarily due to overall higher waste volume which was offset by lower averaged price waste due to revenue mix. As disclosed
above, our Treatment Segment began to see steady improvements in waste receipts starting in the second quarter of 2022 from certain customers
who had previously delayed waste shipments due, in part, from the impact of COVID-19. This positive trend was negatively impacted by
occurrences of severe weather conditions which resulted in temporary delays in waste shipments from certain customers and a temporary
shortage in skilled production personnel which peaked through the fourth quarter of 2022 at one of our facilities. 

Overall
gross profit for 2022 increased 2,785,000 or 40.8 . The increase was entirely from our Services Segment due to higher margin projects.
The decrease in Treatment Segment gross profit was impacted by overall lower averaged price waste from revenue mix and the impact of
the increase in fixed costs. SG A expenses increased by approximately 1,807,000 or 14.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as
compared to the corresponding period of 2021. 

During
the third quarter of 2022, we recorded approximately 1,975,000 in other income and other receivables (within current assets in our Consolidated
Balance Sheets), which represent an employee retention credit that we are eligible for under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic
Security Act, as amended (the CARES Act as result of the COVID-19 pandemic (see Employee Retention Credit ERC 
within this MD A for a discussion of this refund that we are expecting resulting from this tax credit). 

19 

Business
Environment 

Our
Treatment and Services Segments business continues to be heavily dependent on services that we provide to governmental clients,
primarily as subcontractors for others who are prime contractors to government entities or directly as the prime contractor. We believe
demand for our services will continue to be subject to fluctuations due to a variety of factors beyond our control, including, without
limitation, the economic conditions, the manner in which the applicable government will be required to spend funding to remediate various
sites, and/or potential further impact from COVID-19. In addition, our governmental contracts and subcontracts relating to activities
at governmental sites in the United States are generally subject to termination for convenience at any time at the government s
option, and our governmental contracts/TOAs with the Canadian government authorities also allow the authorities to terminate the contract/task
orders at any time for convenience. Work under all of our contracts/TOAs with Canadian government authorities has substantially been
completed. A significant account receivable due to PF Canada is subject to continuing negotiations. See Known Trends and Uncertainties
 Perma-Fix Canada, Inc. PF Canada within this MD A for additional discussion as to a terminated Canadian
TOA. Significant reductions in the level of governmental funding or specifically mandated levels for different programs that are important
to our business could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
are continually reviewing methods to raise additional capital to supplement our liquidity requirements, when needed, and reducing our
operating costs. We continue to aggressively bid on various contracts, including potential contracts within the international markets. 

Results
of Operations 

The
reporting of financial results and pertinent discussions are tailored to our two reportable segments: The Treatment Segment Treatment and the Services Segment Services ). Our financial results for 2021 also included our Medical Segments. As previously disclosed,
we made the strategic decision to cease all R D activities under the Medical Segment and sold 100 of our interest in Perma-Fix Medical
S.A. PFM Poland - which comprised the Medical Segment) in December 2021. Our Medical Segment had not generated any revenue
and was involved in our medical isotope production technology. All costs previously incurred by the Medical Segment were included within
R D. 

Summary
- Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Below
are the results of continuing operations for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in thousands): 

(Consolidated) 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Net revenues 
 70,599 
 100.0 
 72,191 
 100.0 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 60,990 
 86.4 
 65,367 
 90.5 
 
 Gross profit 
 9,609 
 13.6 
 6,824 
 9.5 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 14,652 
 20.8 
 12,845 
 17.8 
 
 Research and development 
 336 
 .4 
 746 
 1.0 
 
 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 18 
 
 2 

Loss from operations 
 (5,397 
 (7.6 
 (6,769 
 (9.3 
 
 Interest income 
 99 
 .1 
 26 

Interest expense 
 (175 
 (.3 
 (247 
 (.3 
 
 Interest expense financing fees 
 (61 
 (.1 
 (41 
 (.1 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 1,945 
 2.8 
 (86 
 (.1 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

5,381 
 7.4 
 
 Loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary 

(1,062 
 (1.5 
 
 Loss from continuing operations before taxes 
 (3,589 
 (5.1 
 (2,798 
 (3.9 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 (378 
 (.6 
 (3,890 
 (5.4 
 
 (Loss) income from continuing operations 
 (3,211 
 (4.5 
 1,092 
 1.5 

20 

Revenue 

Consolidated
revenues decreased 1,592,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as follows: 

(In thousands) 
 2022 
 Revenue 
 2021 
 Revenue 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Treatment 

Government waste 
 21,946 
 31.1 
 20,816 
 28.8 
 1,130 
 5.4 
 
 Hazardous/non-hazardous (1) 
 5,062 
 7.1 
 4,915 
 6.8 
 147 
 3.0 
 
 Other nuclear waste 
 6,350 
 9.0 
 7,261 
 10.1 
 (911 
 (12.5 
 
 Total 
 33,358 
 47.2 
 32,992 
 45.7 
 366 
 1.1 

Services 

Nuclear 
 35,952 
 50.9 
 37,834 
 52.4 
 (1,882 
 (5.0 
 
 Technical 
 1,289 
 1.9 
 1,365 
 1.9 
 (76 
 (5.6 
 
 Total 
 37,241 
 52.8 
 39,199 
 54.3 
 (1,958 
 (5.0 

Total 
 70,599 
 100.0 
 72,191 
 100.0 
 (1,592 
 (2.2 

1)
 Includes wastes generated by government clients of 2,380,000 and 2,299,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

Treatment
Segment revenue increased by 366,000 or 1.1 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 over the same period in 2021. The overall
increase was primarily due to higher waste volume as certain customers who had previously delayed waste shipments due to COVID-19 resumed
steady waste shipments starting in the latter part of the second quarter. This positive trend was negatively impacted by occurrences
of severe weather conditions which resulted in temporary delays in waste shipments from certain customers and a temporary shortage in
skilled production personnel which peaked through the fourth quarter of 2022 at one of our facilities. The higher revenue from higher
waste volume was offset by lower averaged price waste from revenue mix. Services Segment revenue decreased by approximately 1,958,000
or 5.0 . As previously disclosed, work under certain of the new projects awarded to our Services Segment at the end of the second quarter
of 2021 continued to be delayed/curtailed into most of the first quarter of 2022 due to COVID-19 impact and/or administrative delays
experienced by certain customers. However, since the second quarter of 2022, work under these projects had resumed/increased and has
since reached full operational status. The lower revenue in 2022 was further exacerbated by the completion of a large project in the
second quarter of 2021 which was not replaced with a similar size contract because of delays in contract awards and procurement from
COVID-19. Our Services Segment revenues are project based; as such, the scope, duration and completion of each project vary. As a result,
our Services Segment revenues are subject to differences relating to timing and project value. In 2022, our Segments continued to realize
delays in procurement and planning on behalf of our government clients which did not ease until the second half of 2022. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of goods sold decreased 4,377,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as follows: 

(In thousands) 
 2022 
 Revenue 
 2021 
 Revenue 
 Change 
 
 Treatment 
 28,115 
 84.3 
 26,274 
 79.6 
 1,841 
 
 Services 
 32,875 
 88.3 
 39,093 
 99.7 
 (6,218 
 
 Total 
 60,990 
 86.4 
 65,367 
 90.5 
 (4,377 

Cost
of goods sold for the Treatment Segment increased by approximately 1,841,000 or 7.0 . Treatment Segment s variable costs increased
by approximately 607,000 primarily due to higher material and supplies, transportation, and outside services costs. Treatment Segment s
overall fixed costs were higher by approximately 1,234,000 resulting from the following: general expenses were higher by 483,000 primarily
due to higher utility costs; depreciation expenses were higher by approximately 392,000 due to depreciation for asset retirement obligations
in connection with our EWOC facility; regulatory expenses were higher by approximately 232,000 primarily due to additional closure costs
recorded for our EWOC facility due to change in estimated costs; maintenance costs were higher by approximately 109,000; salaries and
payroll related expenses were higher by 61,000; and travel expenses were lower by approximately 43,000. Services Segment cost of goods
sold decreased 6,218,000 or 15.9 primarily due to lower revenue. The decrease in cost of goods sold was primarily due to lower salaries/payroll
related, outside services, material and supplies and travel costs totaling approximately 6,863,000 which was offset by higher disposal,
transportation and general expenses totaling approximately 645,000. Included within cost of goods sold is depreciation and amortization
expense of 2,027,000 and 1,654,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

21 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,785,000 higher than 2021 as follows: 

(In thousands) 
 2022 
 Revenue 
 2021 
 Revenue 
 Change 
 
 Treatment 
 5,243 
 15.7 
 6,718 
 20.4 
 (1,475 
 
 Services 
 4,366 
 11.7 
 106 
 0.3 
 4,260 
 
 Total 
 9,609 
 13.6 
 6,824 
 9.5 
 2,785 

Treatment
Segment gross profit decreased by 1,475,000 or approximately 22.0 and gross margin decreased to 15.7 from 20.4 primarily due to lower
averaged price waste from revenue mix and the impact of the increase in fixed costs. Services Segment gross profit increased by 4,260,000
or 4,018.9 and gross margin increased to 11.7 from 0.3 primarily due to higher margin projects. Our overall Services Segment gross
margin is impacted by our current projects which are competitively bid on and will therefore, have varying margin structures. 

SG A 

SG A
 expenses increased 1,807,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding period for 2021 as follows: 

(In thousands) 
 2022 
 Revenue 
 2021 
 Revenue 
 Change 
 
 Administrative 
 6,882 
 
 5,751 
 
 1,131 
 
 Treatment 
 4,419 
 13.2 
 4,030 
 12.2 
 389 
 
 Services 
 3,351 
 9.0 
 3,064 
 7.8 
 287 
 
 Total 
 14,652 
 20.8 
 12,845 
 17.8 
 1,807 

Administrative
SG A expenses were higher primarily due to the following: overall outside services expenses were higher by approximately 654,000
resulting from higher consulting/outside services/audit fees; travel expenses were higher by approximately 19,000; general expenses
were higher by approximately 13,000 in various categories; and salaries and payroll related expenses were higher by approximately 445,000
primarily due to higher stock-based compensation expenses from options granted to certain employees in October 2021 and higher 401(k)
plan matching expenses as our payroll expenses in 2021 included more forfeitures of 401(k) plan matching funds contributed by us for
former employees who failed to meet the 401(k) plan vesting requirements. Additionally, Administrative salaries and payroll related expenses
were higher as in 2021, resources were allocated in supporting Medical Segment s R D/administrative functions. Treatment Segment
SG A expenses were higher primarily due to the following: outside services expense were higher by 120,000 due to more consulting/business
matters (including our ESG initiatives); salaries and payroll related expenses were higher by 46,000; travel expenses were higher by
approximately 59,000; and general expenses were higher by 164,000 which included higher tradeshow expenses and various other categories.
The increase in SG A expenses within our Services Segment was primarily due to the following: travel expenses were higher by 32,000;
general expenses were higher by approximately 107,000 which included higher tradeshow expenses and various other categories; salaries/payroll
related and consulting expenses were higher by approximately 202,000, and credit loss expense on accounts receivable was lower by approximately
 54,000. Included in SG A expenses is depreciation and amortization expense of 82,000 and 33,000 for the twelve months ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

22 

R D 

R D
expenses decreased 410,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding period of 2021 as follows: 

(In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Administrative 
 67 
 40 
 27 
 
 Treatment 
 246 
 221 
 25 
 
 Services 
 23 
 71 
 (48 
 
 PF Medical 
 
 414 
 (414 
 
 Total 
 336 
 746 
 (410 

R D
costs consist primarily of employee salaries and benefits, laboratory costs, third party fees, and other related costs associated with
the development of new technologies and technological enhancement of new potential waste treatment processes. The decrease was primarily
the result of the sale of PFM Poland in December 2021 which comprised of our Medical Segment and which previously was involved in the
R D of our medical isotope technology. 

Interest
Income 

Interest
income increased by approximately 73,000 for the twelve months ended December 31 2022 as compared to the corresponding period of 2021
primarily due to higher interest earned from our finite risk sinking fund. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense decreased by approximately 72,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding period of 2021
primarily due to lower interest expense from our declining term loan balance outstanding. Also, interest expense for the first six months
of 2021 included interest accrued for our Paycheck Protection Program PPP Loan which was forgiven by the U.S. Small Business
Administration SBA effective June 15, 2021. The overall lower interest expense was offset by monthly interest incurred
starting in June of 2022 from the capital line under our credit facility. 

Income
Taxes 

We
had income tax benefits of 378,000 and 3,890,000 for continuing operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Our effective tax rates were approximately 10.5 and 139.0 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Our effective tax rates for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were impacted by non-deductible expenses and state taxes. Our effective
tax rate for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was substantially impacted by the release of our valuation allowance on deferred
tax assets primarily related to U.S. Federal income taxes during the third quarter of 2021 of approximately 2,351,000. For the twelve
months ended December 31, 2021, the primary reasons for the differences between our effective tax rate and statutory tax rate were due
to the release of valuation allowance and the forgiveness of our PPP Loan which was included in our Consolidated Statement of Operations
as Gain on extinguishment of debt but is exempt from income taxes. 

Backlog 

Our
Treatment Segment maintains a backlog of stored waste, which represents waste that has not been processed. The backlog is principally
a result of the timing and complexity of the waste being brought into the facilities and the selling price per container. At December
31, 2022, our Treatment Segment had a backlog of approximately 9,156,000, as compared to approximately 7,129,000 at December 31, 2021.
Additionally, the time it takes to process waste from the time it arrives may increase due to the types and complexities of the waste
we are currently receiving. We typically process our backlog during periods of low waste receipts, which historically has been in the
first or fourth quarters. 

23 

Discontinued
Operations and Environmental Contingencies 

Our
discontinued operations consist of all our subsidiaries included in our Industrial Segment which encompasses subsidiaries divested in
2011 and prior and three previously closed locations. 

Our
discontinued operations had no revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We incurred net losses of 605,000 (net
of tax benefit of 199,000) and 421,000 (net of tax benefit of 139,000) for our discontinued operations for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in net losses in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to costs incurred
in connection with management of administrative and regulatory matters within our discontinued operations. We have three environmental
remediation projects, all within our discontinued operations, which principally entail the removal/remediation of contaminated soil,
and, in most cases, the remediation of surrounding ground water. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
cash flow requirements during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were primarily financed by our operations, cash on hand and
credit facility availability. Subject to COVID-19 and other impacts as discussed above, our cash flow requirements for the next
twelve months will consist primarily of general working capital needs, scheduled principal payments on our debt obligations,
remediation projects, and planned capital expenditures. We plan to fund these requirements from our operations, credit facility
availability, cash on hand and a refund that we expect to receive under the ERC program under the CARES Act (see a discussion of
this expected refund below Employee Retention Credit ERC ). We continue to explore all sources
of increasing our capital and/or liquidity and to improve our revenue and working capital (see our discussion contained in this
 MD A Liquidity Overview above for further discussion as to liquidity. We are continually reviewing operating costs
and reviewing the possibility of further reducing operating costs and non-essential expenditures to bring them in line with revenue
levels, when necessary. At this time, we believe that our cash flows from operations, our available liquidity from our credit
facility, our cash on hand and the expected refund from the ERC program should be sufficient to fund our operations for the next
twelve months. However, due to the uncertainty of the countries current economic environment and the COVID-19 as disclosed in
 COVID-19 and Other Impacts within this MD A, there are no assurances such will be the case. 

The
following table reflects the cash flow activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the corresponding period of 2021: 

(In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities of continuing operations 
 164 
 (6,316 
 
 Cash used in operating activities of discontinued operations 
 (717 
 (521 
 
 Cash used in investing activities of continuing operations 
 (997 
 (1,564 
 
 Cash (used in) provided by financing activities of continuing operations 
 (921 
 4,943 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 (4 
 (1 
 
 Decrease in cash and finite risk sinking fund (restricted cash) 
 (2,475 
 (3,459 

At
December 31, 2022, we were in a positive cash position with no revolving credit balance. At December 31, 2022, we had cash on hand of
approximately 1,866,000. 

Operating
Activities 

Accounts
receivable, net of credit losses, totaled 9,364,000 at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 2,008,000 from the December
31, 2021 balance of 11,372,000. The decrease was attributed to timing of invoicing and accounts receivable collection.
Our contracts with our customers are subject to various payment terms and conditions. Additionally, our contracts with our customers
may sometimes result in modifications which can cause delays in collections. Our accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 include invoices
for work performed which previously was in our unbilled account for a certain Canadian project that remain outstanding and subject to
negotiations (see unbilled receivables discussion below). See discussion under Known Trends and Uncertainties Perma-Fix
Canada, Inc. PF Canada for a discussion as to this certain account receivable. 

24 

Unbilled
receivables totaled 6,062,000 at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 2,933,000 from the December 31, 2021 balance of 8,995,000. The decrease
in unbilled receivables was primarily within our Services Segment due to invoicing in connection with our Canadian projects. 

Accounts
payable, totaled 10,325,000 at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 1,650,000 from the December 31, 2021 balance of 11,975,000. Our accounts
payable are impacted by the timing of payments as we are continually managing payment terms with our vendors to maximize our cash position
throughout all segments. 

We
had working capital of 818,000 (which included working capital of our discontinued operations) at December 31, 2022, as compared to
working capital of 4,060,000 at December 31, 2021. Our working capital was negatively impacted primarily by our results of operations
which were heavily impacted from COVID-19 and other delays as discussed previously, especially in the first quarter of 2022. Our working
capital was positively impacted by the employee retention credit in the amount of approximately 1,975,000 recorded as current receivables
(within Prepaid and other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. See a discussion of this credit below Employee
Retention Credit ERC ). 

Investing
Activities 

During
2022, our purchases of capital equipment totaled approximately 1,137,000, of which 114,000 was subject to financing, with the remaining
funded from cash from operations and our credit facility. We have budgeted approximately 2,000,000 for 2023 capital expenditures primarily
for our Treatment and Services Segments to maintain operations and regulatory compliance requirements and support revenue growth. Certain
of these budgeted projects may either be delayed until later years or deferred altogether. We plan to fund our capital expenditures from
cash from operations and/or financing. The initiation and timing of projects are also determined by financing alternatives or funds available
for such capital projects. 

During
March 2022, we signed a joint venture term sheet addressing plans to partner with Springfields Fuels Limited SFL ), an
affiliate of Westinghouse Electric Company LLC, to develop and manage a nuclear waste-materials treatment facility (the Facility in the United Kingdom. The Facility is for the purpose of expanding the partners waste treatment capabilities for the European
nuclear market. It is expected that upon finalization of a partnership agreement, SFL will have an ownership interest of fifty-five (55)
percent and our interest will be forty-five (45) percent. The finalization, form and capitalization of this unpopulated partnership is
subject to numerous conditions, including but not limited to, winning a certain contract, completion and execution of a definitive agreement
and facility design, granting of required regulatory, lender or permitting approvals and updated cost and profitability analysis based
on current and forecast future economic conditions. Upon finalization of this venture, we will be required to make an investment in this
venture. The amount of our investment, the period of which it is to be made and the method of funding are to be determined. 

Financing
Activities 

We
entered into a Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 8, 2020, (the Loan Agreement ),
with PNC National Association PNC ), acting as agent and lender. The Loan Agreement provides us with the following credit
facility with a maturity date of March 15, 2024: (a) up to 18,000,000 revolving credit revolving credit (see discussion
below as to an amendment dated March 21, 2023 which reduced the revolving credit to 12,500,000) and (b) a term loan term loan of approximately 1,742,000, requiring monthly installments of 35,547. The maximum that we can borrow under the revolving credit is
based on a percentage of eligible receivables (as defined) at any one time reduced by outstanding standby letters of credit and borrowing
reductions that our lender may impose from time to time. Our Loan Agreement, as amended (the Amended Loan Agreement ), also
provides a capital expenditure line of up to 1,000,000 with advances on the line, subject to certain limitations, permitted for up to
twelve months starting May 4, 2021 (the Borrowing Period ). Only interest is payable on advances during the Borrowing Period.
At the end of the Borrowing Period, the total amount advanced under the line will amortize equally based on a five-year amortization
schedule with principal payment due monthly plus interest. At the maturity date of the Amended Loan Agreement, any unpaid principal balance
plus interest, if any, will become due. At the end of the Borrowing Period, advance on the capital line totaled approximately 524,000.
We are required to make monthly principal installment payment of approximately 8,700 starting June 1, 2022 plus interest. At December
31, 2022, balance on the capital line was approximately 463,000. The advance made on the capital line was used to purchase the underlying
asset under a previous finance lease. 

25 

During
2022, we entered into further amendments to our Amended Loan Agreement with our lender, which provided the following, among other things
(with the amended terms set forth in a Revised Loan Agreement): 

waived
 our failure to meet the minimum quarterly fixed charge coverage ratio FCCR requirement for the fourth quarter of 2021 and second quarter of 2022; 

removed
 the quarterly FCCR testing requirement for the first and third quarters of 2022; 

reinstated
 the quarterly FCCR testing requirement starting for the fourth quarter of 2022 and revised
 the methodology in calculating the FCCR for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 and the methodology
 to be used in calculating the FCCR for the quarter ending March 31, 2023 (with no change
 to the minimum 1.15:1 ratio requirement for each quarter); 

required
 maintenance of a minimum of 3,000,000 in borrowing availability under the revolving credit
 until the minimum FCCR requirement for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 has been met and
 certified to the lender; 

revised
 the annual rate used to calculate the Facility Fee (as defined in the Loan Agreement) on
 the revolving credit, with addition of the capital expenditure line, from 0.375 to 0.500 .
 Upon meeting the minimum FCCR requirement of 1.15:1 on a twelve-month trailing basis, the
 Facility Fee rate of 0.375 will be reinstated; 

added
 certain additional anti-terrorism provisions to the covenants; and 

replaced
 the London InterBank Offer Rate LIBOR based interest rate benchmark with
 the Secured Overnight Finance Rate SOFR ). As a result of this new provision,
 payment of annual rate of interest due on the revolving credit is at prime (7.50 at December
 31, 2022) plus 2 or Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Revised Loan Agreement) plus 3.00 
 plus an SOFR Adjustment applicable for an interest period selected by us and payment of annual
 rate of interest due on the term loan and the capital expenditure line is at prime plus 2.50 
 or Term SOFR Rate plus 3.50 plus an SOFR Adjustment applicable for an interest period selected
 by us. A SOFR Adjustment rates of 0.10 and 0.15 are applicable for a one-month interest
 period and three-month period, respectively, that may be selected by us 

In
connection with the amendments, we paid our lender fees totaling 30,000 which is being amortized over the remaining term of the Revised
Loan Agreement as interest expense-financing fees. 

Our
credit facility under our Revised Loan Agreement with PNC contains certain financial covenants, along with customary representations
and warranties. A breach of any of these financial covenants, unless waived by PNC, could result in a default under our credit facility
allowing our lender to immediately require the repayment of all outstanding debt under our credit facility and terminate all commitments
to extend further credit. We were not required to perform testing of the FCCR requirement in the first and third quarters of 2022 pursuant
to the amendments that we entered with our lender in 2022 as discussed above. Based on an amendment that we entered into with our lender
 on March 21, 2023 as discussed below, we were not required to perform testing of the FCCR
requirement in the fourth quarter of 2022. We failed to meet our FCCR requirement in the second quarter of 2022; however, this non-compliance
was waived by our lender pursuant to an amendment that we entered into with our lender in 2022 as discussed above. Other than the above
discussion pertaining to our FCCR requirements, we met all of our other financial covenant requirements in each of the quarters of 2022.
We expect to meet our quarterly financial covenant requirements for the next twelve months under our Amended Loan Agreement. 

On
March 21, 2023, we entered into an amendment to our
Revised Loan Agreement with our lender which provides, among other things, the following: 

removed
 the quarterly FCCR testing requirement for the fourth quarter of 2022 and removes the FCCR
 testing requirement the first quarter of 2023; 

26 

reduced
 the maximum revolving credit line under the credit facility from 18,000,000 to 12,500,000; 

reinstates
 the quarterly FCCR testing requirement starting in the second quarter of 2023 using a trailing
 twelve months period (with no change to the minimum 1.15:1 ratio requirement for each quarter);
 and 

requires
 maintenance of a minimum of 3,000,000 in borrowing availability under the revolving credit
 until the minimum FCCR requirement for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 has been met and certified
 to the lender. 

In
connection with the amendment, the Company paid its lender a fee of 25,000. 

From
this point on, we may terminate our Revised Loan Agreement upon 90 days prior written notice upon payment in full of our obligations
under the Revised Loan Agreement with no early termination fees. 

Employee
Retention Credit ERC 

The
CARES Act, which was enacted on March 27, 2020, provides an ERC for qualifying businesses keeping employees on their payroll during the
COVID-19 pandemic. The ERC was subsequently amended by the Taxpayer Certainty and Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2020, the Consolidated Appropriation
Act of 2021, and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, all of which amended and extended the ERC availability and guidelines under the
CARES Act. Following these amendments, we determined that we were eligible for the ERC, and as a result of the foregoing legislations,
are eligible to claim a refundable tax credit against our share of certain payroll taxes equal to 70 of the qualified wages paid to
employees between July 1, 2021 and September 30, 2021. Qualified wages are limited to 10,000 per employee per calendar quarter in 2021
for a maximum allowable ERC per employee of 7,000 per calendar quarter in 2021. For purposes of the amended ERC, an eligible employer
is defined as having experienced a significant (20 or more) decline in gross receipts during one or more of the first three 2021 calendar
quarters when compared to 2019. 

During
the third quarter of 2022, we determined we were eligible for the ERC and amended our third quarter 2021 employer payroll tax filings
claiming a refund from the U.S. Treasury in the amount of approximately 1,975,000. As there is no authoritative guidance under U.S.
GAAP on accounting for government assistance to for-profit business entities, we account for the ERC by analogy to International Accounting
Standard IAS 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance. In accordance with IAS 20,
management determined it has reasonable assurance for receipt of the ERC and recorded the expected refund as other income (within Other
income (expense) on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and other receivables (within Prepaid and other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Payment
of Deferred Employment Tax Deposits 

The
CARES Act provided employers the option to defer the payment of an employer s share of social security taxes beginning on March
27, 2020 through December 31, 2020, with 50 of the amount of social security taxes deferred to become due on December 31, 2021 with
the remaining 50 due on December 31, 2022. Our deferment of such taxes totaled approximately 1,252,000 of which approximately 626,000
was paid in December 2021 with the remaining paid in December 2022 (previously included in Accrued expenses within current
liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets). 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

From
time to time, we are required to post standby letters of credit and various bonds to support contractual obligations to customers and
other obligations, including facility closures. At December 31, 2022, the total amount of standby letters of credit outstanding totaled
approximately 3,016,000 and the total amount of bonds outstanding totaled approximately 35,432,000. We also provide closure and post-closure
requirements through a financial assurance policy for certain of our Treatment Segment facilities through American International Group,
Inc. AIG ). At December 31, 2022, the closure and post-closure requirements for these facilities were approximately 21,175,000. 

27 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared based upon the selection and application of US GAAP, which may require us to make estimates,
judgments and assumptions that affect amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. The accounting policies below
are those we believe affect the more significant estimates and judgments used in preparation of our financial statements. Our other accounting
policies are described in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-K (see Item 8 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 2 Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies ): 

Intangible
Assets . Intangible assets consist primarily of the recognized value of the permits required to operate our business. We continually
monitor the propriety of the carrying amount of our permits to determine whether current events and circumstances warrant adjustments
to the carrying value. 

Indefinite-lived
intangible assets are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment annually as of October 1, or when events or changes in the business
environment indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. If the fair value of the asset is less than the carrying amount, we perform
a quantitative test to determine the fair value. The impairment loss, if any, is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the
asset over its fair value. Significant judgments are inherent in these analyses and include assumptions for, among other factors, forecasted
revenue, gross margin, growth rate, operating income, timing of expected future cash flows, and the determination of appropriate long-term
discount rates. 

Impairment
testing of our permits related to our Treatment reporting unit as of October 1, 2022 and 2021 resulted in no impairment charges. 

Intangible
assets that have definite useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives (with the exception
of customer relationships which are amortized using an accelerated method) and are excluded from our annual intangible asset valuation
review as of October 1. Intangible assets with definite useful lives are also tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the asset s carrying value may not be recoverable. 

Our
future cash flow assumptions and conclusions with respect to asset impairments could be impacted by changes arising from (i) a sustained
period of economic and industrial slowdowns (ii) inability to scale our operations and implement cost reduction efforts during reduced
demand and/or (iii) a significant decline in our share price for a sustained period of time. These factors, among others, could significantly
impact the impairment analysis and may result in future asset impairment charges that, if incurred, could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations. We believe that the assumptions and estimates
utilized for the reporting periods are appropriate based on the information available to management. 

Accrued
Closure Costs and Asset Retirement Obligations ARO ). Accrued closure costs represent our estimated environmental liability
to clean up our facilities as required by our permits, in the event of closure. ASC 410, Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations 
requires that the discounted fair value of a liability for an ARO be recognized in the period in which it is incurred with the associated
ARO capitalized as part of the carrying cost of the asset. The recognition of an ARO requires that management make numerous estimates,
assumptions and judgments regarding such factors as estimated probabilities, timing of settlements, material and service costs, current
technology, laws and regulations, and credit adjusted risk-free rate to be used. We develop estimates for the cost of these activities
based on our evaluation of site-specific facts and circumstances, such as the existence of structures and other improvements that would
need to be dismantled and the length of the post-closure period as determined by the applicable regulatory agency, among other things.
Included in our cost estimates are our interpretation of current regulatory requirements and any proposed regulatory changes. These cost
estimates may change in the future due to various circumstances including, but not limited to, permit modifications, changes in legislation
or regulations, technological changes and results of environmental studies. Our cost estimates are calculated using internal sources
as well as input from third-party experts. This estimate is inflated, using an inflation rate, to the expected time at which the closure
will occur, and then discounted back, using a credit adjusted risk free rate, to the present value. ARO s are included within buildings
as part of property and equipment and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the property. In periods subsequent to initial
measurement of the ARO, we must recognize period-to-period changes in the liability resulting from the passage of time and revisions
to either the timing or the amount of the original estimate of undiscounted cash flow. Increases in the ARO liability due to passage
of time impact net income as accretion expense and are included in cost of goods sold in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Changes
in the estimated future cash flows costs underlying the obligations (resulting from changes or expansion at the facilities) require adjustment
to the ARO liability calculated and are capitalized and charged as depreciation expense, in accordance with our depreciation policy. 

Income Taxes. The provision for income tax
is determined in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes. As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements,
we are required to estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We record this amount as a provision or
benefit for taxes . This process involves estimating our actual current tax exposure, including assessing the risks associated with
tax audits, and assessing temporary differences resulting from different treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences
result in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

We regularly review deferred tax assets by jurisdiction to assess their potential realization and establish
a valuation allowance for portions of such assets that we believe will not be realized. In performing this review, we make estimates and
assumptions regarding projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and the
implementation of tax planning strategies. A change in these assumptions could cause an increase or decrease to the valuation allowance
which could materially impact our results of operations. 

28 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for the recent accounting pronouncements that have been adopted during
the year ended December 31, 2022, or will be adopted in future periods. 

Known
Trends and Uncertainties 

Economic
Conditions. Our business continues to be heavily dependent on services that we provide to governmental clients, primarily as subcontractors
for others who are prime contractors to government authorities (particularly the DOE and DOD) or directly as the prime contractor. We
believe demand for our services will continue to be subject to fluctuations due to a variety of factors beyond our control, including
without limitation, the economic conditions, the manner in which the government entity will be required to spend funding to remediate
various sites, and potential COVID-19 impact. In addition, our U.S. governmental contracts and subcontracts relating to activities at
governmental sites are generally subject to termination for convenience at any time at the option of the government. Our TOAs with the
Canadian government also provided that the government may terminate a TOA at any time for convenience. Significant reductions in the
level of governmental funding or specifically mandated levels for different programs that are important to our business could have a
material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Significant
Customers . Our Treatment and Services Segments have significant relationships with the U.S governmental authorities through contracts
entered into indirectly as subcontractors for others who are prime contractors or directly as the prime contractor to government authorities.
We also had significant relationships with Canadian government authorities primarily through TOAs entered into with Canadian government
authorities. Project work under TOAs with Canadian government authorities has substantially been completed. Our inability to continue
under existing contracts that we have with the U.S government (directly or indirectly as a subcontractor) or significant reductions in
the level of governmental funding in any given year could have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial condition. 

We
performed services relating to waste generated by government clients (domestic and foreign (primarily Canadian)), either directly as
a prime contractor or indirectly for others as a subcontractor to government entities, representing approximately 60,030,000, or 85.0 ,
of our total revenue during 2022, as compared to 60,812,000, or 84.2 , of our total revenue during 2021. 

Our
revenues are project/event based where the completion of one contract with a specific customer may be replaced by another contract with
a different customer from year to year. 

Perma-Fix
Canada, Inc. PF Canada 

During
the fourth quarter of 2021, PF Canada received a Notice of Termination NOT from Canadian Nuclear Laboratories, LTD. CNL on a Task Order Agreement TOA that PF Canada entered into with CNL in May 2019 for remediation work within Ontario, Canada Agreement ). The NOT was received after work under the TOA was substantially completed and work under the TOA has since
been completed. CNL may terminate the TOA at any time for convenience. As of December 31, 2022, PF Canada has approximately 1,853,000
in unpaid receivables due from CNL as a result of work performed under the TOA. Additionally, CNL has approximately 1,060,000 in contractual
holdback under the TOA that is payable to PF Canada. CNL also established a bond securing approximately 1,900,000 (CAD) to cover certain
issues raised in connection with the TOA. Under the TOA, CNL may be entitled to set off certain costs and expenses incurred by CNL in
connection with the termination of the TOA, including the bond as discussed above, against amounts owed to PF Canada for work performed
by PF Canada or its subcontractors. PF Canada continues to be in discussions with CNL to finalize the amounts due to PF Canada under
the TOA and continues to believe these amounts are due and payable to PF Canada. 

29 

Supply
Chain. We use various commercially available materials and supplies which include among other things chemicals, containers/drums
and PPE in our operations. We generally source these items from various suppliers in order to take advantage of competitive pricing. 

We
also utilize various types of equipment, which include among other things trucks, flatbeds, lab equipment, heavy machineries, in carrying
out our business operations. Our equipment may be obtained through direct purchase, rental option or leases. Due to some of our specialized
waste treatment processes, certain equipment that we utilize are designed and built to our specifications. We rely on various commercial
equipment suppliers for the construction of these equipment. Due to supply chain challenges, we previously experienced a delay in the
delivery of a new waste processing unit to us by our supplier due to shortage of parts required for the construction of the unit, among
other things, This supply chain interruption delayed deployment of our new technology which negatively impacted our revenue for 2021
and the first quarter of 2022 as associated revenue was not able to be generated. Deployment of this unit commenced in mid-May of 2022.
Continued increases in pricing and/or potential delays in procurements of material and supplies and equipment required for our operations
resulting from further tightening supply chain could further adversely affect our operations and profitability. 

Inflation
and Cost Increases. Continued increases in any of our operating costs, including further changes in fuel prices, wage rates, supplies,
and utility costs, may further increase our overall cost of goods sold or operating expenses. Some of these cost increases have been
the result of inflationary pressures that could further reduce profitability. We may attempt to increase our sales prices in order to
maintain satisfactory margin; however, competitive pressures in our industry may have the effect of inhibiting our ability to reflect
these increased costs in the prices of our services that we provide to our customers and therefore reduce our profitability. 

Liquidity.
 See above discussion contained herein as to issues relating to Liqudity and efforts to improve our liquidity 

Related
Party Transactions 

See
a discussion of the Company s related party transactions in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
Notes to Consolidate Financial Statements Note 18 Related Party Transactions and Note 20 Subsequent Events 
Executive Compensation - MIPs. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required under Regulation S-K for smaller reporting companies. 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Forward-looking
Statements 

Certain
statements contained within this report may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (collectively, the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 ). All statements in this report other than a statement of historical fact are forward-looking
statements that are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results and performance
of the Company to differ materially from such statements. The words believe, expect, anticipate, 
 intend, will, and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained
herein relate to, among other things, 

demand
 for our services; 

reductions
 and improvement in the level of government funding in future years; 

30 

reducing
 operating costs and non-essential expenditures; 

ability
 to meet loan agreement quarterly financial covenant requirements; 

funding
 of cash flow requirements; 

Canadian
 receivables; 

sufficient
 liquidity to continue business; 

future
 results of operations and liquidity; 

increasing liquidity; 

government
 funding for our services; 

may
 not have liquidity to repay debt if our lender accelerates payment of our borrowings; 

manner
 in which the applicable government will be required to spend funding to remediate various sites; 

funding
 operations; 

continued
 increases in pricing and/or further tightening supply chain; 

fund
 capital expenditures from cash from operations and/or financing; 

impact
 from COVID-19 and economic conditions; 

continue
 improvement in waste receipts and project work; 

submitted
 bid; 

ownership
 percentage interest upon finalization of partnership agreement; 

investment
 requirement upon finalization of joint venture; 

positive
 trends; 

compliance
 with environmental laws, rules and regulations; 

potential
 effect of being a PRP; 

potential
 sites for violations of environmental laws and remediation of our facilities; 

ERC
 refund; 

future
 price increases; 

sales prices; and 

continuation
 of contracts with federal government. 

While
the Company believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance such expectations
will prove to be correct. There are a variety of factors, which could cause future outcomes to differ materially from those described
in this report, including, but not limited to: 

general
 economic conditions; 

contract
 bids, including international markets; 

material
 reduction in revenues; 

inability
 to meet PNC covenant requirements; 

inability
 to collect in a timely manner a material amount of receivables; 

increased
 competitive pressures; 

inability
 to maintain and obtain required permits and approvals to conduct operations; 

public
 not accepting our new technology; 

inability
 to develop new and existing technologies in the conduct of operations; 

inability
 to maintain and obtain closure and operating insurance requirements; 

inability
 to retain or renew certain required permits; 

discovery
 of additional contamination or expanded contamination at any of the sites or facilities leased or owned by us or our subsidiaries
 which would result in a material increase in remediation expenditures; 

delays
 at our third-party disposal site can extend collection of our receivables greater than twelve months; 

refusal
 of third-party disposal sites to accept our waste; 

changes
 in federal, state and local laws and regulations, especially environmental laws and regulations, or in interpretation of such; 

requirements
 to obtain permits for TSD activities or licensing requirements to handle low level radioactive materials are limited or lessened; 

31 

potential
 increases in equipment, maintenance, operating or labor costs; 

management
 retention and development; 

financial
 valuation of intangible assets is substantially more/less than expected; 

the
 requirement to use internally generated funds for purposes not presently anticipated; 

inability
 to continue to be profitable on an annualized basis; 

inability
 of the Company to maintain the listing of its Common Stock on the NASDAQ; 

terminations
 of contracts with government agencies or subcontracts involving government agencies or reduction in amount of waste delivered to
 the Company under the contracts or subcontracts; 

renegotiation
 of contracts involving government agencies; 

federal
 government s inability or failure to provide necessary funding to remediate contaminated federal sites; 

disposal
 expense accrual could prove to be inadequate in the event the waste requires re-treatment; 

inability
 to raise capital on commercially reasonable terms; 

inability
 to increase profitable revenue; 

impact
 of the COVID-19 and economic uncertainties; 

new
 governmental regulations; 

lender
 refuses to waive non-compliance or revise our covenant so that we are in compliance; 

continued
 supply chain interruptions; 

continued
 inflationary pressures; 

recession; 

challenge
 by regulatory authorities of our claim to the ERC; and 

risk
 factors contained in Item 1A of this report. 

32 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements 
 
 Page
 No. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 
 34 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 36 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 38 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 39 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 40 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 41 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 42 

Financial
Statement Schedules 

In
accordance with the rules of Regulation S-X, schedules are not submitted because they are not applicable to or required by the Company. 

33 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders 

 Perma-Fix
Environmental Services, Inc. 

Opinion
on the financial statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and
subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

Basis
for opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
audit matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue
recognition for certain revenue contracts 

As
described further in note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has certain fixed price contracts that are long term in nature
with non-standard terms. These terms and contract modifications impact revenue recognition and require significant effort and
judgement by management. We have identified revenue recognition for these contracts as a critical audit matter. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that revenue recognition for these contracts is a critical audit matter are that there
is a considerable auditor effort and judgement required to analyze and evaluate contracts for the types of terms and conditions that
impact revenue recognition. 

34 

Our
audit procedures related to the revenue recognition for these contracts included the following, among others. 

We obtained and inspected a selection of long-term, non-standard contracts and modifications and amendments to understand the terms and conditions and the related impact on revenue recognition, specifically the identification of: 

contract
 term, 

performance
 obligations, and 

determination
 of the measure of progress. 

We obtained the detail of underlying costs for each project and tested the underlying accuracy of the data by agreeing to supporting documentation. 

We utilized the cost data to recalculate management s measure of completion for selected projects under the input method. 

We performed a retrospective review using contracts, which were tested through prior year procedures and completed during the current year, to evaluate management s ability to accurately budget for input method contracts. 

We evaluated the appropriateness of the recording of revenue for both billed and unbilled amounts related to these contracts. 

Realizability
of deferred tax assets 

As
described further in note 14 to the financial statements, deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the evaluation
of positive and negative evidence, in management s judgment it is more likely than not that some portion or all, of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, management concluded that sufficient positive evidence exists to ensure the realizability of the US federal
deferred tax assets. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that the realizability of US federal deferred tax assets is a critical audit matter
are that the projected financial information related to the profitability of the Company which is reliant on the ability to predict
future revenue is subject to significant management judgments in determining whether the net deferred tax assets are more likely
than not to be realized in the future, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgement and effort in performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence related to management s assessment of the realization of deferred tax assets. 

Our
audit procedures related to the realizability of US federal deferred tax assets included the following, among others. 

We evaluated the positive and negative evidence available to support management s assessment of the realizability of the assets 

We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in management s assessment 

We evaluated the prospective financial information related to future profitability including consideration of: 

the
current and past performance of the Company 

the consistency with external market and industry data 

the consistency with evidence obtained in other areas. 

/s/ 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

March
23, 2023 

35 

PERMA-FIX
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 As
of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except for Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and ,
 respectively 

Unbilled receivables 

Inventories 

Prepaid and other assets 

Current assets related to discontinued operations 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment: 

Buildings and land 

Equipment 

Vehicles 

Leasehold improvements 

Office furniture and equipment 

Construction-in-progress 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net property and equipment 

Property and equipment related to discontinued operations 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangibles and other long term assets: 

Permits 

Other intangible assets - net 

Finite risk sinking fund (restricted cash) 

Deferred tax assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

36 

PERMA-FIX
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS, CONTINUED 

 As
of December 31, 

(Amounts in Thousands, Except for Share and per Share Amounts) 
 2022 
 2021 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Disposal/transportation accrual 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued closure costs - current 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of finance lease liabilities 

Current liabilities related to discontinued operations 

Total current liabilities 

Accrued closure costs 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Long-term operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

Long-term finance lease liabilities, less current portion 

Long-term liabilities related to discontinued operations 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 16) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively; and shares outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Less Common Stock in treasury, at cost; shares 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

37 

PERMA-FIX
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except for Per Share Amounts) 
 2022 
 2021 

Net revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Research and development 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Interest expense-financing fees 

Other (Note 11) 

Gain on extinguishment of debt (Note 11) 

Loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary (Note 15) 

Loss from continuing operations before taxes 

Income tax benefit 

(Loss) income from continuing operations, net of taxes 

Loss from discontinued operations (Note 9) 

Net (loss) income 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net (loss) income attributable to Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. common stockholders 

Net (loss) income per common share attributable to Perma-Fix Environmental Services,
 Inc. stockholders - basic and diluted: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Net (loss) income per common share 

Number of common shares used in computing net (loss) income per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

38 

PERMA-FIX
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

 For
the years ended December 31, 

(Amounts in Thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 

Net (loss) income 

Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

Foreign currency translation reclass to loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary (Note 15) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Total other comprehensive (loss) income 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. common stockholders 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

39 

PERMA-FIX
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the years ended December 31, 

 (Amounts
in Thousands, Except for Share Amounts) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Treasury 
 Income 
 Subsidiary 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Common Stock Held In 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Non-controlling Interest in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Treasury 
 Income 
 Subsidiary 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net (loss) income 

Foreign currency translation 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary (Note 15) 

Issuance of Common Stock for services 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of options 

Sale of Common Stock, net of offering costs (Note 7) 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Issuance of Common Stock for services 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of options 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

40 

PERMA-FIX
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 

(Amounts in Thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Less: loss on discontinued operations (Note 9) 

(Loss) income from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income from continuing operations to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest on finance lease with purchase option 

Loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary (Note 15) 

Gain on extinguishment of debt (Note 11) 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Deferred tax benefit 

(Recovery of) provision for credit losses on accounts receivable 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities of continuing operations: 

Accounts receivable 

Unbilled receivables 

Prepaid expenses, inventories and other assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and unearned revenue 

Cash provided by (used in) provided by continuing operations 

Cash used in discontinued operations 

Cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment (net) 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary - cash 

Cash used in investing activities of continuing operations 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowing on revolving credit 

Repayments of revolving credit borrowings 

Proceeds from capital line 

Principal repayment of finance lease liabilities 

Principal repayments of long term debt 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

(Offering costs paid)/ proceeds from sale of Common Stock, net of offering costs
 paid (Note 7) 

Proceeds from issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of options 

Cash (used in) provided by financing activities of continuing operations 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Decrease in cash and finite risk sinking fund (restricted cash) (Note 2) 

Cash and finite risk sinking fund (restricted cash) at beginning of period (Note 2) 

Cash and finite risk sinking fund (restricted cash) at end of period (Note 2) 

Supplemental disclosure: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Equipment purchase subject to finance lease 

Equipment purchase subject to financing 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

41 

PERMA-FIX
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

and partnership interest in the joint venture, respectively. During the fourth quarter of 2022, project work under the JV was completed
As of December 31, 2022, total assets and liabilities under the VIE were each . 

The
Company s discontinued operations (see Note 9 Discontinued Operations consist of operations of all our subsidiaries
included in our Industrial Segment which encompasses subsidiaries divested in 2011 and prior and three previously closed locations. 

For
2021, the Company s segment also included the Medical Segment. The Medical Segment entailed the R D of the Company s
medical isotope production technology by the Company s majority-owned Polish subsidiary, Perma-Fix Medical S.A PFM Poland ),
and PFM Poland s wholly-owned subsidiary, Perma-Fix Medical Corporation PFMC ). The Company s Medical Segment
(or PF Medical had not generated any revenue. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company made the strategic decision
to cease all R D activities under the Medical Segment which resulted in the sale of of PFM Poland (See Note 15 
PF Medical for a discussion of this sale). 

Financial
Positions and Liquidity 

The
Company s 2022 financial results continued to be impacted by COVID-19, among other things. The Company s Treatment Segment
began to see steady improvements in waste receipts starting in the second quarter of 2022 from certain customers who had previously delayed
waste shipments due, in part, from the impact of COVID-19. This positive trend was negatively impacted by occurrences of severe weather
conditions which resulted in temporary delays in waste shipments from certain customers and a temporary shortage in skilled production
personnel which peaked through the fourth quarter of 2022 at one of the Company s facilities. In early part of 2022, the Company s Services Segment continued to experience delays/curtailments in
project work by certain customers since the award of projects to us late in the second quarter of 2021 due to COVID-19 impact and/or
administrative delays. However, starting in the second quarter of 2022, work under these projects had resumed/increased as the pandemic
impacts began to subside and has since reached full operational status. 

In
2022, the Company continued to realize delays in procurement and planning on behalf of our government clients that saw easing through
the second half of the year. Heading into 2023, the Company expects to see continued improvements in waste receipts and continued increases
in project work from contracts recently won and bids submitted in both segments that are awaiting awards, subject to potential
impact of COVID-19 and economic impacts. 

The
Company s cash flow requirements during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were primarily financed by its operations, cash
on hand and credit facility availability. The Company s cash flow requirements for the next twelve months will consist primarily
of general working capital needs, scheduled principal payments on its debt obligations, remediation projects, and planned capital expenditures.
The Company plans to fund these requirements from its operations, credit facility availability, cash on hand and a refund that it expects
to receive under the Employee Retention Credit program under the CARES Act (see a discussion of this expected refund in Note 11
 The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES ACT) Employee Retention Credit ERC ).
The Company continues to explore all sources of increasing its capital and/or liquidity and to improve its revenue and working capital,
including either amending our existing lines of credit, obtaining new term loans or entering into equity transactions. There are no assurances
that we will be successful in increasing our liquidity though these efforts. The Company is continually reviewing operating costs and
reviewing the possibility of further reducing operating costs and non-essential expenditures to bring them in line with revenue levels,
when necessary. At this time, the Company believes that its cash flows from operations, available liquidity from its credit facility,
cash on hand and the expected refund from the ERC program should be sufficient to fund its operations for the next twelve months. The
Company continues to closely monitor any potential impact from the countries economic conditions and COVID-19 pandemic on all
aspects of our business. 

. At December 31, 2021, the Company had cash on hand of approximately
 . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had finite risk sinking funds of approximately and , respectively,
which represented cash held as collateral under the Company s financial assurance policy (see Note 16 Commitment
and Contingencies Insurance for a discussion of this finite risk sinking fund). 

(Recovery of) provision charges 

Write-off 

Allowance for credit losses - end of year 

Unbilled
receivables within our Services Segment can result from work performed under contracts but invoice milestones have not yet been met and/or
contract claims and pending change orders, including requests for equitable adjustments REA when work has been performed
and collection of revenue is reasonably assured. 

for buildings (including improvements and asset retirement costs) and three to for office
furniture and equipment, vehicles, and decontamination and processing equipment. Leasehold improvements are capitalized and amortized
over the lesser of the term of the lease or the life of the asset. Maintenance and repairs are charged directly to expense as incurred.
The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss from sale
or retirement is recognized in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Renewals and improvements, which extend the useful
lives of the assets, are capitalized. 

Certain
property and equipment expenditures are financed through leases. Amortization of financed leased assets is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. At December 31, 2022, assets recorded under finance leases were less
accumulated depreciation of , resulting in net fixed assets under finance leases of . At December 31, 2021, assets recorded
under finance leases were less accumulated depreciation of , resulting in net fixed assets under finance leases of
 . These assets are recorded within net property and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Long-lived
assets, such as property, plant and equipment, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the
carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount
of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of
the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are separately presented in the balance sheet and reported at
the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer depreciated. 

Our
depreciation expense totaled approximately and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company s operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and operating lease liabilities represent primarily leases for
office and warehouse spaces used to conduct our business. These leases have remaining terms of approximately one to seven years which
include additional options to renew. The Company includes renewal options in valuing its ROU assets and liabilities when it determines
that it is reasonably certain to exercise these renewal options. As most of our operating leases do not provide an implicit rate, the
Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate when determining the present value of the lease payments. The incremental
borrowing rate is determined based on the Company s secured borrowing rate, lease terms and current economic environment. Some
of our operating leases include both lease (rent payments) and non-lease components (maintenance costs such as cleaning and landscaping
services). The Company has elected the practical expedient to account for lease component and non-lease component as a single component
for all leases under ASU 2016-02. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Finance
leases primarily consist of processing and transport equipment used by our facilities operations. The Company s finance
leases also included a building with land utilized for our waste treatment operations which included a purchase option. During the third
quarter of 2021, the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that it would not exercise this purchase option but will continue
to lease the property. Accordingly, a reassessment of this lease was performed which resulted in reclassification of this lease to an
operating lease. The Company s finance leases have remaining terms of approximately one to three years. See Property and
Equipment above for assets recorded under financed leases. Borrowing rates for our finance leases are either explicitly stated
in the lease agreements or implicitly determined from available terms in the lease agreements. 

The
Company adopted the policy to not recognize ROU assets and liabilities for short term leases. 

, or ,
of our total revenue during 2022, as compared to , or , of our total revenue during 2021. 

Our
revenues are project/event based where the completion of one contract with a specific customer may be replaced by another contract with
a different customer from year to year. 

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and accounts
receivable. The Company maintains cash with high quality financial institutions, which may exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured amounts from time to time. Concentration of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is limited due
to the Company s large number of customers and their dispersion throughout the United States as well as with the significant amount
of work that we perform for government entities. 

The
Company had two government related customers whose total unbilled and net outstanding receivable balances represented and 
of the Company s total consolidated unbilled and net accounts receivable at December 31, 2022. The Company had two government related
customers whose total unbilled and net outstanding receivable balances represented and of the Company s total consolidated
unbilled and net accounts receivable at December 31, 2021. 

to ), treatment/processing (ranging from to and shipment/final disposal (ranging from to ). As major processing
phases are completed and the costs are incurred, the proportional percentage of revenue is recognized. Transaction price for Treatment
Segment contracts are determined by the stated fixed rate per unit price as stipulated in the contract. 

The
Company periodically enter into arrangements with customers for transportation of wastes to either our facility or to non-company owned
disposal sites. Revenue from this arrangement is recognized at a point in time, upon the transfer of control. Control transfers when
the wastes are picked up by the Company. 

Services
Segment Revenues: 

Revenues
for our Services Segment are generated from time and materials or fixed price arrangements: 

The
Company s primary obligation to customers in time and materials contracts relate to the provision of services to the customer at
the direction of the customer. This provision of services at the request of the customer is the performance obligation, which is satisfied
over time. Revenue earned from time and materials contracts is determined using the input method and is based on contractually defined
billing rates applied to services performed and materials delivered. 

Under
fixed price contracts, the objective of the project is not attained unless all scope items within the contract are completed and all
of the services promised within fixed fee contracts constitute a single performance obligation. Transaction price is estimated based
upon the estimated cost to complete the overall project. Revenue from fixed price contracts is recognized over time primarily using the
input method. For the input method, revenue is recognized based on costs incurred on the project relative to the total estimated costs
of the project. 

As
discussed above for the Treatment and Services Segments, the Company revenue is generally recognized using the input method. This
method of measuring progress provides a faithful depiction of the transfer to goods and services because the costs incurred are expected
to be substantially proportionate to the Company s satisfaction of the performance obligation. 

Contracts
with our customers within our Treatment Segment are generally short term with an original expected length of one year or less. For the
Services Segment, contracts with our customers generally have original terms ranging from one year or less to approximately twenty-four
months. The Company s contracts and subcontracts relating to activities at governmental sites generally allow for termination for
convenience at any time at the government s option without payment of a substantial penalty. 

Variable
Consideration 

The
Company s contracts generally do not give rise to variable consideration. However, from time to time, the Company may submit requests
for equitable adjustments under certain of its government contracts for price or other modifications that are determined to be variable
consideration. The Company estimates the amount of variable consideration to include in the estimated transaction price based on historical
experience with government contracts, anticipated performance and management s best judgment at the time and to the extent it is
probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable
consideration is resolved. These estimates are re-assessed each reporting period as required. 

Significant
Payment Terms 

Invoicing
is based on schedules established in customer contracts. Payment terms vary by customers but are generally established at 30 days from
invoicing. 

Incremental
Costs to Obtain a Contract 

Costs
incurred to obtain contracts with our customers are immaterial and as a result, the Company expenses (within selling, general and administration
expenses SG A )) incremental costs incurred in obtaining contracts with our customer as incurred. 

Remaining
Performance Obligations 

The
Company applies the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14 and does not disclose information about remaining performance obligations
that have original expected durations of one year or less. 

Within
our Services Segment, there are service contracts which provide that the Company has a right to consideration from a customer in an amount
that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of our performance completed to date. For those contracts, the Company has utilized
the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-55-18, which allows the Company to recognize revenue in the amount for which we have the right
to invoice; accordingly, the Company does not disclose the value of remaining performance obligations for those contracts. 

The
Company s contracts and subcontracts relating to activities at governmental sites generally allow for termination for convenience
at any time at the government s option without payment of a substantial penalty. The Company does not disclose remaining performance
obligations on these contracts. 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Credit Losses (Topic 326) - Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, 
and various subsequent amendments to the initial guidance (collectively, Topic 326 ). Topic 326 introduces an approach,
based on expected losses, to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments and modifies the impairment model for available-for-sale
debt securities. The new approach to estimating credit losses (referred to as the current expected credit losses model) applies to most
financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments, including trade and other receivables and loans. Entities
are required to apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the
first reporting period in which the guidance is adopted. In November 2019, FASB issued ASU 2019-10, Financial Instruments 
Credit Losses (Topic 326), Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), and Leases (Topic 842), which defers the effective date of ASU
2016-13 for public companies that are considered smaller reporting companies SRC as defined by the Commission to fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of these ASUs by the Company
during the fourth quarter of 2022 did not have a material impact to its financial statements. 

Time and materials 

Total 

Revenue 

Revenue by generator 

(In thousands) 
 Twelve Months Ended 
 Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Treatment 
 Services 
 Total 
 Treatment 
 Services 
 Total 
 
 Domestic government 

Domestic commercial 

Foreign government 

Foreign commercial 

Total 

Revenue 

Contract
Balances 

Contract liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

The
decrease in unbilled receivables was primarily due to invoicing in connection with the Company s Canadian projects within the Services
Segment. 

The
decrease in deferred revenue was attributed primarily to revenue recognized in connection with a Services Segment contract. 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized revenue of and , respectively, related
to untreated waste that was in the Company s control as of the beginning of each respective year. Revenue recognized in each period
related to performance obligations satisfied within the respective period. 

Finance Leases: 

Amortization of ROU assets 

Interest on lease liability 

Finance leases 

Short-term lease rent expense 

Total lease cost 

Weighted average discount rate 

The
weighted average remaining lease term and the weighted average discount rate for operating and finance leases at December 31, 2021 were: 

Operating Leases 
 Finance Leases 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease terms (years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028
 and thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease
 payments 

Less:
 Imputed interest 

Present
 value of lease payments 

Current portion of operating
 lease obligations 

Long-term operating lease
 obligations, less current portion 

Current portion of finance
 lease obligations 

Long-term finance lease obligations,
 less current portion 

Operating cash flow from finance leases 

Financing cash flow from finance leases 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations for: 

Finance liabilities 

Operating liabilities 

Reduction to ROU assets resulitng from reassessment for 

Finance liabilities 

Permit renewal 

Permit in progress 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Permit in progress 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Software 

Customer relationships 

Total 

The
intangible assets noted above were amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives with the exception of customer relationships
which were amortized using an accelerated method. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2026 

Amortization
expense recorded for definite-lived intangible assets was approximately and , for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

shares
of the Company s Common Stock for issuance under the 2003 Plan, (ii) increased (a) the number of shares of Common Stock subject
to the automatic option grant made to each Eligible Director upon initial election, from to shares, and (b) the number of
shares of Common Stock subject to the automatic option grant made to each Eligible Director upon reelection, from to shares,
(iii) amended the vesting period of options granted under the 2003 Plan, from a six-month vesting period to per year, beginning on
the first anniversary date of the grant, and (iv) provided for acceleration of vesting under certain conditions. The exercise price of
options to be granted under the 2003 Plan continued to equal to the closing trade price on the date prior to the grant date. The number of shares of the Company s Common Stock authorized under the 2003 Plan
is . At December 31, 2022, the 2003 Plan had available for issuance shares. 

The
Company s 2017 Stock Option Plan authorizes the grant of options to officers and employees of the Company, including any employee
who is also a member of the Board, as well as to consultants of the Company. The 2017 Stock Option Plan, as amended (the 2017
Plan ), authorizes an aggregate grant of NQSOs and Incentive Stock Options ISOs ). Consultants of the Company
can only be granted NQSOs. The exercise price of any NQSOs granted under the plan shall not be less than the fair market value
of the shares at the time of grant. At December 31, 2022, the 2017 Plan had available for issuance shares. 

Stock
Options to Employees and Outside Director 

On
July 21, 2022, the Company issued a NQSO to each of the Company s seven reelected outside directors for the purchase, under the
Company s 2003 Plan, of up to shares of the Company s Common Stock. The Company s Executive Vice President EVP of Strategic Initiatives and also a member of the Company s Board, was not eligible to receive an option under the 2003 Plan as
an employee of the Company. Each NQSO granted is for a contractual term of with The exercise price of the NQSO is per share, which was equal to the fair market value of the Company s Common Stock
the day preceding the grant date, pursuant to the 2003 Plan. 

On
July 21, 2022, the Company granted ISOs to certain employees for purchase under the Company s 2017 Plan, of up to an aggregate
of shares of the Company s Common Stock. Each ISO granted is for a contractual term of with The exercise price of the ISO is per share, which was equal to the fair market value of the Company s
Common Stock on the date of grant. 

On
October 14, 2021, the Company granted ISOs to certain employees for the purchase, under the Company s 2017 Plan, of up to an aggregate
 shares of the Company s Common Stock. The total ISOs granted included an ISO for each of the Company s executive
officers for the purchase set forth in his respective ISO Agreement, as follows: shares for the CEO; shares for the CFO;
 shares for the EVP of Strategic Initiatives; shares for the EVP of Waste Treatment Operations; and shares for the
EVP of Nuclear and Technical Services. Each of the ISOs granted has a contractual term of with The exercise price of the ISO is per share, which was equal to the fair market value of the Company s
Common Stock on the date of grant. 

On
July 20, 2021, the Company issued a NQSO to each of the Company s seven reelected outside directors for the purchase, under the
Company s 2003 Plan, of up to shares of the Company s Common Stock. Each NQSO granted has for a contractual term of
 with The exercise price of the NQSO is per share, which was equal
to the fair market value of the Company s Common Stock the day preceding the grant date, pursuant to the 2003 Plan. 

On
May 4, 2021, the Company issued a NQSO to a new director elected by the Company s Board, for the purchase, under the Company s
2003 Plan, of up to shares of the Company s Common Stock. The NQSO granted has a contractual term of with a vesting
period of . The exercise price of the NQSO is per share, which was equal to the fair market value of the Company s
Common Stock the day preceding the grant date, pursuant to the 2003 Plan. 

During
2022, the Company issued shares of its Common Stock from a cashless exercise of an option for the purchase of shares of
the Company s Common Stock at per share. Additionally, the Company issued shares of its Common Stock from the exercise
of an option for the purchase of shares of the Company s Common Stock at per share resulting in proceeds of approximately
 . During 2021, the Company issued shares of its Common Stock from a cashless exercise of an option for the purchase of 
shares of the Company s Common Stock at per share. 

The
Company estimates fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Assumptions used to estimate the fair value of
stock options granted include the exercise price of the award, the expected term, the expected volatility of the Company s stock
over the option s expected term, the risk-free interest rate over the option s expected term, and the expected annual dividend
yield. The fair value of the options granted during 2022 and 2021 and the related assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option model
used to value the options granted were as follows: 

Risk -free interest rate (1) 

Expected volatility of stock (2) 

Dividend yield 

Expected option life (3) 
 years 
 years 

Outside Director Stock 
Options Granted 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Weighted-average fair value per share 

Risk -free interest rate (1) 
 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility of stock (2) 
 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 

Expected option life (3) 
 years 
 years 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

Director Stock Options 

Total 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested options for
employee and directors. The weighted average period over which the unrecognized compensation costs are expected to be recognized is approximately
 years. 

Stock
Options to Consultant 

The
Company granted a NQSO to Robert Ferguson on July 27, 2017 from the Company s 2017 Plan for the purchase of up to shares
of the Company s Common Stock Ferguson Stock Option in connection with his work as a consultant to the Company s
Test Bed Initiative TBI at our PFNWR facility at an exercise price of per share, which was the fair market value
of the Company s Common Stock on the date of grant. The term of the Ferguson Stock Option is seven years from the grant date. The
vesting of the Ferguson Stock Option is subject to the achievement of three separate milestones by certain dates. The first milestone
was met and the shares under the first milestone were issued to Robert Ferguson in May 2018. The Company had previously entered
into amendments whereby the vesting dates for the second and third milestones for the purchase of up to and shares of the
Company s Common Stock were extended to December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The shares under the second
milestone failed to vest by December 31, 2022 and therefore were forfeited. The Company has not recognized compensation costs (fair value
of approximately at December 31, 2022) for the remaining Ferguson Stock Option under the remaining final milestone since
achievement of the performance obligation under the remaining final milestone is uncertain at December 31, 2022. Upon Mr. Ferguson s
death, the remaining Ferguson Stock Option is now held by Mr. Ferguson s estate. 

Summary
of Stock Option Plans 

- 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

Options outstanding end of period (1) 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 (1) 

Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (years) 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value (2) 
 
 Options outstanding January 1, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

Options outstanding end of period (1) 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2021 (1) 

(1) 
 to 
 
 (2) 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested options at December 31, 2022 

Warrant 

In
connection with a loan that the Company entered into with Mr. Robert Ferguson (the Ferguson Loan on April 1,
2019, the Company issued a warrant to Mr. Ferguson for the purchase of up to shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of
 per share. 

Common
Stock Issued for Services 

The
Company issued a total of and shares of our Common Stock in 2022 and 2021, respectively, under our 2003 Plan to our outside
directors as compensation for serving on our Board. The balance of each
director s fee, if any, is payable in cash. The Company recorded approximately and in compensation expense (included
in SG A expenses) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the portion of director fees earned in
the Company s Common Stock. 

Sale
of Common Stock 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company entered into subscription agreements with certain institutional and retail investors in a registered
direct offering, for the sale and issuance of shares of the Company s Common Stock (See Note 7 Common
Stock Subscription Agreements for a discussion of the issuance of the shares from this direct offering). 

Shares
Reserved 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has reserved approximately shares of our Common Stock for future issuance under all of the option
arrangements. 

shares (the Shares of our Common Stock, at a negotiated purchase price per share of (the
 Shares ), for aggregate gross proceeds to us of approximately . The offering price per share was negotiated based
on the average closing price of our Common Stock as quoted on Nasdaq over the three-week period immediately preceding the date of the
Subscription Agreements, less a five percent discount. 

The
Shares were offered and sold by the Company through a prospectus supplement pursuant to the Company s shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, which was previously filed with the Commission on May 13, 2019 and subsequently declared effective on May 22,
2019 (the Registration Statement ). 

Wellington
Shields Co., LLC Wellington served as the exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offering, pursuant to
a placement agency agreement dated as of September 23, 2021 (the Placement Agency Agreement ), between the Company and Wellington.
The Company paid Wellington a cash fee of of the aggregate gross proceeds in the Offering which totaled . The Company also
reimbursed Wellington for certain expenses in connection with the Offering in an aggregate amount not to exceed . After deducting
costs incurred directly in connection with the offering of approximately which were recorded as deduction to equity, net proceeds
to the Company totaled approximately . Approximately of the offering costs were paid in 2022. 

The
aggregate net proceeds from the offering were primarily used for working capital and general corporate purposes, including for certain
facility expansion and upgrades. 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

(Loss) income from continuing operations attributable to Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. common stockholders 

Loss from discontinuing operations attributable to Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. common stockholders 

Net (loss) income attributable to Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. common stockholders 

Basic (loss) income per share attributable to Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. common stockholders 

Diluted (loss) income per share attributable to Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. common stockholders 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Add: dilutive effect of stock options 

Add: dilutive effect of warrants 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Potential shares excluded from above weighted average share calculations due to their anti-dilutive effect include: 

Stock options 

Warrant 

(net of tax benefit of and (net of tax benefit of) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in net losses in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily
due to costs incurred in connection with management of administrative and regulatory matters for the Company s remediation projects
as discussed below. 

Total current assets 

Long-term assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net (1) 

Total long-term assets 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Environmental liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Closure liabilities 

Environmental liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

(1) 
 for each period
presented. 

Environmental
Liabilities 

The
Company has three remediation projects, which are currently in progress relating to our PFD, PFM and PFSG (closed locations) subsidiaries,
all within our discontinued operations. The Company divested PFD in 2008; however, the environmental liability of PFD was retained by
the Company upon the divestiture of PFD. These remediation projects principally entail the removal/remediation of contaminated soil and,
in most cases, the remediation of surrounding ground water. The remediation activities are closely reviewed and monitored by the applicable
state regulators. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had total accrued environmental remediation liabilities of , a decrease of from the December
31, 2021 balance of . The decrease represents payments for remediation projects. At December 31, 2022, of the total
accrued environmental liabilities was recorded as current. 

PFM 

PFSG 

Total liability 

Total liability 
 112 
 749 
 861 

. Effective interest rate for 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively (1) 

Term Loan dated
 May 8, 2020, payable in equal monthly installments of principal, balance due on . Effective interest rate for 2022
 and 2021 was and was , respectively (1) 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 
 Capital Line dated
 May 4, 2021, payable in equal monthly installments of principal, balance due on . Effective interest rate for 2022 was
 . (1) 

Notes
 Payable to 2023 and 2025, annual interest rate of and . 

Total debt 

Less
 current portion of long-term debt 

Long-term
 debt 

(1) 

(2)) and at December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Revolving
Credit, Term Loan and Capital Line Agreement 

The
Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 8, 2020 Loan
Agreement ), with PNC National Association PNC ), acting as agent and lender. The Loan Agreement provides the Company
with the following credit facility with a maturity date of : (a) up to revolving credit revolving credit see Note 20 Subsequent Events Credit Facility for a discussion of an amendment that the Company entered
into with its lender on March 21, 2023 which reduced the maximum revolving credit to and (b) a term loan term loan of approximately , requiring monthly installments of . The maximum that the Company can borrow under the revolving credit
is based on a percentage of eligible receivables (as defined) at any one time reduced by outstanding standby letters of credit and borrowing
reductions that the Company s lender may impose from time to time. The Loan Agreement, as amended (the Amended Loan Agreement ),
also provides a capital expenditure line of up to with advances on the line, subject to certain limitations, permitted for
up to twelve months starting May 4, 2021 (the Borrowing Period ). Only interest is payable on advances during the Borrowing
Period. At the end of the Borrowing Period, the total amount advanced under the line will amortize equally based on a five-year amortization
schedule with principal payment due monthly plus interest. At the maturity date of the Amended Loan Agreement, any unpaid principal balance
plus interest, if any, will become due. Amount advanced under the capital line totaled approximately which requires monthly
installments in principal of approximately plus interest, starting June 1, 2022. The advance was used to purchase the underlying
asset under a previous finance lease. 

During
2022, the Company entered into further amendments to the Amended Loan Agreement with its lender, which provided the following, among
other things (with the amended terms set forth in a Revised Loan Agreement): 

waived
 the Company s failure to meet the minimum quarterly FCCR requirement for the fourth
 quarter of 2021 and second quarter of 2022; 
 
 removed
 the quarterly FCCR testing requirement for the first and third quarters of 2022; 
 
 reinstated
 ; 
 
 required
 maintenance of a minimum of in borrowing availability under the revolving credit
 until the minimum FCCR requirement for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 has been met and
 certified to the lender; 

revised
 the annual rate used to calculate the Facility Fee (as defined in the Loan Agreement) on
 the revolving credit, with addition of the capital expenditure line, from to .
 Upon meeting the minimum FCCR requirement of 1.15:1 on a twelve-month trailing basis, the
 Facility Fee rate of will be reinstated; 
 
 added
 certain additional anti-terrorism provisions to the covenants; and 
 
 replaced
 the LIBOR based interest rate benchmark with the SOFR. 

In
connection with the amendments, the Company paid its lender fees totaling which is being amortized over the remaining term of
the Revised Loan Agreement as interest expense-financing fees. 

The
Company s credit facility under its Revised Loan Agreement with PNC contains certain financial covenants, along with customary
representations and warranties. A breach of any of these financial covenants, unless waived by PNC, could result in a default under our
credit facility allowing our lender to immediately require the repayment of all outstanding debt under our credit facility and terminate
all commitments to extend further credit. The Company s Revised Loan Agreement prohibits us from paying cash dividends on our Common
Stock without prior approval from our lender. The Company was not required to perform testing of the FCCR requirement in the first and
third quarters of 2022 pursuant to amendments as discussed above. Based on an amendment that the Company entered into with its lender
on March 21, 2023, the Company was not required to perform testing of the FCCR requirement in the fourth quarter of 2022 (see Note
20 Subsequent Events Credit Facility for a discussion of this amendment which provided for this provision, among
other things). The Company failed to meet its FCCR requirement in the second quarter of 2022; however, this non-compliance was waived
by our lender pursuant to an amendment that we entered into with our lender in 2022 as discussed above. Other than the above discussion
pertaining to the Company s FCCR requirements, the Company met all of its other financial covenant requirements in each of the
quarters of 2022. 

After
May 7, 2022, the Company may terminate its Revised Loan Agreement upon 90 days prior written notice upon payment in full of our
obligations under the Revised Loan Agreement with no early termination fees. 

At
December 31, 2022, the borrowing availability under the Company s revolving credit was approximately based on our eligible
receivables and is net of approximately in outstanding standby letters of credit. The Company s borrowing availability
of at December 31, 2022 included a requirement from our lender that we maintain a minimum of in borrowing availability. 

2024 

2025 

Total 

of the qualified wages paid to employees between July 1, 2021 and September 30, 2021. Qualified
wages are limited to per employee per calendar quarter in 2021 for a maximum allowable ERC per employee of per calendar
quarter in 2021. For purposes of the amended ERC, an eligible employer is defined as having experienced a significant (20 or more) decline
in gross receipts during one or more of the first three 2021 calendar quarters when compared to 2019. 

During
the third quarter of 2022, the Company determined it was eligible for the ERC and amended its third quarter 2021 employer payroll tax
filings claiming a refund from the U.S. Treasury in the amount of approximately . As there is no authoritative guidance under
U.S. GAAP on accounting for government assistance to for-profit business entities, we account for the ERC by analogy to International
Accounting Standard IAS 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance. In accordance with
IAS 20, management determined it has reasonable assurance for receipt of the ERC and recorded the expected refund as other income (within
 Other income (expense) on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and other receivables (within Prepaid
and other assets on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. For federal income tax purposes, this item was treated as
a reduction in payroll costs for 2021, the year in which the costs originated. This resulted in a timing difference for the benefit between
financial statement inclusion and tax inclusion between 2021 and 2022. This timing difference does not impact the Company s effective
tax rate. 

Paycheck
Protection Program PPP Loan 

In
April 2020, the Company received a PPP Loan in the amount of approximately under the CARES Act, as amended. The PPP Loan was
administered by the SBA. Proceeds from the promissory note was used by the Company for eligible payroll costs, mortgage interest, rent
and utility costs as permitted by the CARES Act, as amended. The annual interest rate on the PPP Loan was . In late 2020, the Company
applied for forgiveness on repayment of the PPP Loan and effective June 15, 2021, the entire balance of the PPP Loan of approximately
 , along with accrued interest of approximately was forgiven by the SBA. Accordingly, the Company recorded the entire
forgiven PPP Loan balance, along with accrued interest, totaling approximately as Gain on extinguishment of debt 
on its Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended 2021. 

Deferral
of Employment Tax Deposits 

The
CARES Act, as amended, provided employers the option to defer the payment of an employer s share of social security taxes beginning
on March 27, 2020 through December 31, 2020 with of the amount of social security taxes deferred to become due on December 31, 2021
with the remaining due on December 31, 2022. The Company s deferment of such taxes totaled approximately of which
approximately was paid in December 2021 with the remaining paid in December 2022 (previously included in Accrued expenses 
within current liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets). 

Accrued sales, property and other tax 

Interest payable 

Insurance payable 

Other 

Total accrued expenses 

Accretion expense 

Addition to closure liability 

Spending 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion expense 

Addition to closure liability 

Spending 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

In
2022, the Company recorded a total of approximately in additional estimated closure liabilities of which approximately 
(within long-term) was recorded in connection with the footprint expansion at one of our facilities and an update to a processing enclosure
area at another facility. The remaining additional closure liabilities was recorded for our EWOC facility for decommissioning activities
due to changes in estimated closure costs. At December 31, 2022, current portion of the closure liabilities totaled approximately 
which reflects primarily closure liabilities for our EWOC facility. The spending made in 2022 was primarily for our EWOC facility. 

The
addition to closure liabilities for 2021 reflected primarily estimated costs for decommissioning activities required to restore the leased
property at our EWOC facility back to its original condition at the end of its lease term. As of December 31, 2021, current portion of
the closure liabilities totaled approximately which consists primarily of the closure liabilities for our EWOC facility. 

Addition to closure and post-closure asset 

Amortization of closure and post-closure asset 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Addition to closure and post-closure asset 

Amortization of closure and post-closure asset 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The
addition to ARO reflects closure obligations as discussed above. 

Canada 

United Kingdom 

Poland 

Total
 loss before tax benefit 

State income tax expense (benefit)
 - current 

Foreign income tax expense
 - current 

State
 income tax benefit - deferred 

Total
 income tax benefit 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Federal tax benefit at statutory rate 

State tax expense (benefit), net of federal benefit 

Change in deferred tax rates 

Permanent items 

PPP Loan forgiveness 

Debt forgiveness (PFM Poland) 

Difference in foreign rate 

True-up of deferred tax items 

Other 

Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance 

Income tax benefit 

During
the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company sold PFM Poland resulting from its decision to cease all R D activities under its Medical
Segment. Prior to the sale, the Company purchased Perma-Fix Medical LLC which was converted from PFMC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PFM
Poland. Perma-Fix Medical LLC was treated as a disregarded entity for tax purposes, resulting in a realized tax loss of from
uncollected payables. As a condition of the sale of PFM Poland, the Company forgave its receivables from PFM Poland resulting in a 
capital loss on the sale of interest of PFM Poland stock (see Note 15 PF Medical for a discussion on the sale of
PFM Poland). 

The
Company regularly assesses the likelihood that the deferred tax asset will be recovered from future taxable income. In conducting this
assessment, the Company considers projected future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies, then records a valuation allowance
to reduce the carrying value of the net deferred income taxes to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. As of September
30, 2021, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that it would be able to realize a portion of the deferred income tax
assets. As a result, a deferred income tax benefit in the amount of approximately attributable to the valuation allowance
release on beginning of year deferred tax assets primarily related to U.S. Federal income taxes was realized in the three months ended
September 30, 2021. The Company had previously maintained a full valuation allowance against its net deferred income tax assets. The
Company continues to maintain a valuation allowance against certain state and foreign tax attributes that may not be realizable along
with the capital loss carryover generated during 2021 that it does not expect to realize. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company assessed whether its deferred tax asset will more likely than not to be realized. This assessment
included both positive and negative available evidences, which included the Company s current contracts, cumulative loss, future
reversal of existing taxable differences, and overall prospect of future business and earnings. Based on the weight of these available
evidences, the Company concluded that it will more likely than not utilize its Federal and certain state net operating losses. 

The
global intangible low-taxed income GILTI provisions under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA require the Company to include in its U.S. income tax return foreign subsidiary earnings in excess of an allowable return on the foreign
subsidiary s tangible assets. The Company has elected to account for GILTI tax in the period in which it is incurred, and therefore
has not provided any deferred tax impacts of GILTI in its consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. As the Canada and United Kingdom foreign subsidiaries are in loss positions for 2022, no GILTI inclusion is expected for these
entities for the current year. In addition, the aforementioned sale of PFM Poland in 2021 did not result in any GILTI inclusion. 

On
March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted and signed into law. The CARES Act included a number of income tax law changes, including modifications
to the interest limitation under Internal Revenue Code IRC 163(j) and reinstatement of the ability to carry back
net operating losses. The Company received forgiveness of its PPP Loan effective June 15, 2021 which was included in its Consolidated
Statement of Operations as Gain on extinguishment of debt but was exempt from income taxes. 

Environmental and closure reserves 

Lease liability 

Capital loss carryforward 

Other 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Indefinite lived intangible assets 

Right-of-use lease asset 

481(a) adjustment 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred
 tax assets, gross 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax asset 

The
Company has estimated net operating loss carryforwards NOLs for federal and state income tax purposes of approximately
 and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. These NOLs can be carried forward and applied against future taxable
income, if any, and . Approximately of our federal NOLs were generated after December
31, 2017 and thus do not expire. 

The
tax years 2019 through 2021 remain open to examination by taxing authorities in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. 

uncertain tax positions were identified by the Company for the years currently open under statute of limitations. 

The
Company had federal income tax payable for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Beginning
in 2022, the TCJA amended Section 174 to eliminate current-year deductibility of research and experimentation R E expenditures and software development costs (collectively, R E expenditures and instead require taxpayers to charge
their R E expenditures to a capital account amortized over five years (15 years for expenditures attributable to R E activity
performed outside the United States). For the 2022 tax year, the Company has capitalized of research and development expenses.
While Management believes this estimate to be materially accurate, the Company plans to complete a formal IRC Section 174 analysis in
advance of filing the tax return for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 of PFM Poland for notes receivable of approximately (USD)
which was paid by the buyer in 2022. As condition precedent to the sales agreement, the Company released PFM Poland from unsatisfied
trade payables owed by PFM Poland to the Company totaling approximately (USD). The Company ceased to have any continuing involvement
with PFM Poland. 

Immediately
before the sales agreement was executed, the Company converted PFMC from a S Corporation to a limited liability company (Perm-Fix Medical
LLC or PFM LLC and acquired the entire ownership from the majority-owned Polish subsidiary for . The transaction was
deemed to be a common control transaction and all assets and liabilities were transferred using the historical carrying values in accordance
with guidance in ASC 805-50-25, Business Combinations, Related Issues, Recognition. The carrying amount of the non-controlling
interest was adjusted to reflect the change in the ownership of the subsidiary. As a result, approximately of the non-controlling
interest related to the cumulative loss of PFM LLC was recognized as additional paid-in capital on the Company s Consolidated Statements
of Stockholders Equity and approximately was recognized as a component within Loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary 
recorded on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

As
a result, effective December 30, 2021, PFM Poland was no longer a subsidiary of the Company and the Company deconsolidated the entity
from its consolidated financial statements in accordance with guidance in ASC 810-10-40, Consolidation, Overall, Derecognition. 
 Accordingly, the December 31, 2021 Consolidated Balance Sheet did not in include balances for PFM due to the sale and deconsolidation
of PFM Poland. The Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations included results of its majority-owned Polish subsidiary for
the period through December 30, 2021. 

The
Company recognized a non-cash Loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary of approximately on its Consolidated Statements
of Operation from the above transaction. The loss included approximately in legal and accounting costs incurred for the transaction. 

Less: 

Carrying amount of non-controlling interest 

Carrying amount of accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Net liabilities 

Transaction costs 

Loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary 

CH2M
was hired by the Navy in 2016 to review Tetra Tech s work. CH2M subcontracted with environmental consulting and cleanup firms Battelle
Memorial Institute, Cabrera Services, Inc., SC A, Inc. and the Company to assist with the review, according to the complaint. 

Our
insurance carrier is providing a defense on our behalf in connection with this lawsuit, subject to a self-insured retention
and the terms and limitations contained in the insurance policy. 

The
majority of Tetra Tech s claims have been dismissed by the Court. Remaining claims include: (1) Intentional Interference with
Contractual Relations; and (2) Inducing a Breach of Contract. The Company continues to believe it has no liability exposure to
Tetra Tech. 

PF
Canada 

During
the fourth quarter of 2021, PF Canada received a Notice of Termination NOT from Canadian Nuclear Laboratories, LTD. CNL on a Task Order Agreement TOA that PF Canada entered into with CNL in May 2019 for remediation work within Ontario, Canada Agreement ). The NOT was received after work under the TOA was substantially completed and work under the TOA has since
been completed. CNL may terminate the TOA at any time for convenience. As of December 31, 2022, PF Canada has approximately 
in unpaid receivables due from CNL as a result of work performed under the TOA. Additionally, CNL has approximately in contractual
holdback under the TOA that is payable to PF Canada. CNL also established a bond securing approximately (CAD) to cover certain
issues raised in connection with the TOA. Under the TOA, CNL may be entitled to set off certain costs and expenses incurred by CNL in
connection with the termination of the TOA, including the bond as discussed above, against amounts owed to PF Canada for work performed
by PF Canada or its subcontractors. PF Canada continues to be in discussions with CNL to finalize the amounts due to PF Canada under
the TOA and continues to believe these amounts are due and payable to PF Canada. 

Insurance 

The
Company has a -year finite risk insurance policy entered into in June 2003 2003 Closure Policy with AIG which provides
financial assurance to the applicable states for our permitted facilities in the event of unforeseen closure. The 2003 Closure Policy,
as amended, provides for a maximum allowable coverage of which includes available capacity to allow for annual inflation
and other performance and surety bond requirements. Total coverage under the 2003 Closure Policy, as amended, was at December
31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, finite risk sinking funds contributed by the Company related to the 2003 Closure
Policy which is included in other long term assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets totaled and ,
respectively, which included interest earned of and on the finite risk sinking funds as of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, respectively. Interest income for the year ended 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively.
If the Company so elects, AIG is obligated to pay us an amount equal to of the finite risk sinking fund account balance in return
for complete release of liability from both us and any applicable regulatory agency using this policy as an instrument to comply with
financial assurance requirements. 

Letter
of Credits and Bonding Requirements 

From
time to time, the Company is required to post standby letters of credit and various bonds to support contractual obligations to customers
and other obligations, including facility closures. At December 31, 2022, the total amount of standby letters of credit outstanding was
approximately and the total amount of bonds outstanding was approximately . 

are eligible to participate
in the 401(k) Plan. Eligibility is immediate upon employment but enrollment is only allowed during quarterly open periods of January
1, April 1, July 1, and October 1. Participating employees may make annual pretax contributions to their accounts up to of their
compensation, up to a maximum amount as limited by law. The Company, at its discretion, may make matching contributions of based
on the employee s elective contributions. Company contributions vest over a period of . In 2022 and 2021, the Company
contributed approximately and in 401(k) matching funds, respectively. 

and 
for 2022 and 2021, respectively. David Centofanti is the son of our EVP of Strategic Initiatives and a Board member. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company entered into an employment agreement dated July 22, 2020 with each of our executive officers (each employment agreement referred
to as Employment Agreement ). 

Each
Employment Agreement is effective for three years from July 22, 2020 (the Initial Term unless earlier terminated by the
Company or by the executive officer. At the end of the Initial Term of each Employment Agreement, each Employment Agreement will automatically
be extended for one additional year, unless at least six months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, we or the executive officer
provides written notice not to extend the terms of the Employment Agreement. Each Employment Agreement provides for annual base salary,
performance bonuses (as provided in the Management Incentive Plan MIP as approved by the Company s Compensation
Committee and Board) and other benefits commonly found in such agreement. 

Pursuant
to each Employment Agreement, if the executive officer s employment is terminated due to death/disability or for cause (as defined
in the agreement), the Company will pay to the executive officer or to his estate an amount equal to the sum of any unpaid base salary
and accrued unused vacation time through the date of termination and any benefits due to the executive officer under any employee benefit
plan (the Accrued Amounts plus any performance compensation payable pursuant to the MIP with respect to the fiscal year
immediately preceding the date of termination. 

If
the executive officer terminates his employment for good reason (as defined in the agreement) or is terminated by the Company
without cause (including any such termination for good reason or without cause within 24 months after a Change in Control
(as defined in the agreement)), the Company will pay the executive officer the Accrued Amounts, two years of full base salary, and two
times the performance compensation (under the MIP) earned with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination
provided the performance compensation earned with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination has not been
paid. If performance compensation earned with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination has been made
to the executive officer, the executive officer will be paid an additional year of the performance compensation earned with respect to
the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination. If the executive terminates his employment for a reason other than for
good reason, the Company will pay to the executive an amount equal to the Accrued Amounts plus any performance compensation payable pursuant
to the MIP with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination. 

If
there is a Change in Control (as defined in the agreement), all outstanding stock options to purchase common stock held by the executive
officer will immediately become exercisable in full commencing on the date of termination through the original term of the options. In
the event of the death of an executive officer, all outstanding stock options to purchase common stock held by the executive officer
will immediately become exercisable in full commencing on the date of death, with such options exercisable for the lesser of the original
option term or twelve months from the date of the executive officer s death. In the event an executive officer terminates his employment
for good reason or is terminated by the Company without cause, all outstanding stock options to purchase common stock held
by the executive officer will immediately become exercisable in full commencing on the date of termination, with such options exercisable
for the lesser of the original option term or within 60 days from the date of the executive s date of termination. Severance benefits
payable with respect to a termination (other than Accrued Amounts) shall not be payable until the termination constitutes a separation
from service (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)). 

MIPs 

On
January 20, 2022, the Board and the Compensation Committee also approved individual MIP for the calendar year 2022 for each of our executive
officers. Each MIP was effective January 1, 2022 and applicable for year 2022. Each MIP provided guidelines for the calculation of annual
cash incentive-based compensation, subject to Compensation Committee oversight and modification. The performance compensation under each
of the MIPs was based upon meeting certain of the Company s separate target objectives during 2022. Assuming each target objective
was achieved under the same performance threshold range under each MIP, the total potential target performance compensation payable ranged
from to of the 2022 base salary for the CEO to ), to of the 2022 base salary for the CFO 
to ), to of the 2022 base salary for the EVP of Strategic Initiatives to ), to of the 2022
base salary for the EVP of Nuclear and Technical Services to and to to of the 2022 base
salary for the EVP of Waste Treatment Operations. No compensation was earned under each of the MIPs. 

reporting segments, consisting of the Treatment and Services Segments, which are based on a service offering approach. The Company s
segment in 2021 also included the Medical Segment which primary purpose was the R D of a medical isotope production technology. The
Medical Segment had not generated any revenues. During December 2021, the Company made the strategic decision to cease all R D activities
under the Medical Segment which resulted in the sale of of its interest of PFM Poland (see Note 15 PF Medical 
for a discussion of this transaction). Our reporting segments exclude our corporate headquarter, business center and our discontinued
operations (see Note 9 Discontinued Operations which do not generate revenues. 

SCHEDULE OF SEGMENT REPORTING INFORMATION 

 Segment
Reporting as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Treatment 
 Services 
 Segments 

 Total 
 
 Corporate (2) 
 Consolidated 

 Total 
 
 Revenue from external customers 

(3)(4) 

Intercompany revenues 

Gross profit 

Research and development 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Interest expense-financing fees 

Depreciation and amortization 

Segment income (loss) before income taxes 

(13) 
 
 Income tax benefit 

Segment income (loss) 

Segment assets (1) 
 
 (8) 

(5) 

Expenditures for segment assets (net) 

(7) 
 
 Total debt 

(6) 

Segment Reporting as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2021 

Treatment 
 Services 
 Medical 
 Segments Total 
 Corporate (2) 
 Consolidated Total 
 
 Revenue from external customers 

(3)(4) 

Intercompany revenues 

Gross profit 

Research and development 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Interest expense-financing fees 

Depreciation and amortization 

Segment income (loss) before income taxes 

(11)(12) 
 
 (9)(11) 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

(10) 
 
 Segment income (loss) 

Segment assets (1) 
 
 (8) 

(5) 

Expenditures for segment assets (net) 

(7) 
 
 Total debt 

(6) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 
 or of total revenue for 2022 and or 
of total revenue for 2021. The following reflects such revenue generated by our two segments: 

(4) 

(5) and at December 31, 2022
 and 2021, respectively. 

(6) and for 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Note
 10 Long-Term Debt for additional information). 

(7) and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively. 

(8) and for the year
 ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(9) of Gain on extinguishment of debt recorded
 in connection with the Company s PPP Loan which was forgiven by the SBA effective June
 15, 2021 (see Note 11 Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Securities Act
 CARES ACT Paycheck Protection Program PPP Loan 
 for information of this loan forgiveness). 

(10) resulting from release of valuation
 allowance on the Company s deferred tax assets. 

(11) in debt forgiveness between PFM Poland and the Company
 (see Note 15 PF Medical for a discussion of this debt forgiveness). 

(12) resulting from the sale of PFM Poland (see Note 15 
 PF Medical for a discussion of this loss). 

(13) recorded as other income under the Employee Retention Credit program
 under the CARES Act, as amended (see Note 11 Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic
 Securities Act CARES ACT Employee Retention Credit ERC 
 for a discussion of this expected refund amount). 

Foreign government 

Total 

(4) 

Canada 

Germany 

Italy 

United Kingdom 

Total 

(5) and at December 31, 2022
 and 2021, respectively. 

(6) and for 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Note
 10 Long-Term Debt for additional information). 

(7) and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively. 

(8) and for the year
 ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(9) of Gain on extinguishment of debt recorded
 in connection with the Company s PPP Loan which was forgiven by the SBA effective June
 15, 2021 (see Note 11 Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Securities Act
 CARES ACT Paycheck Protection Program PPP Loan 
 for information of this loan forgiveness). 

(10) resulting from release of valuation
 allowance on the Company s deferred tax assets. 

(11) in debt forgiveness between PFM Poland and the Company
 (see Note 15 PF Medical for a discussion of this debt forgiveness). 

(12) resulting from the sale of PFM Poland (see Note 15 
 PF Medical for a discussion of this loss). 

(13) recorded as other income under the Employee Retention Credit program
 under the CARES Act, as amended (see Note 11 Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic
 Securities Act CARES ACT Employee Retention Credit ERC 
 for a discussion of this expected refund amount). 

to of the 2023 base salary for the CEO to ), to of the 2023 base salary for the CFO 
to ), to of the 2023 base salary for the EVP of Strategic Initiatives to ), to of the 2023
base salary for the EVP of Nuclear and Technical Services to and to to of the 2023 base
salary for the EVP of Waste Treatment Operations. 

ISOs 

On
January 19, 2023, the Company granted ISOs to certain employees for the purchase, under the Company s 2017 Plan, of up to an aggregate
 shares of the Company s Common Stock. The total ISOs granted included an ISO for each of the Company s executive
officers for the purchase set forth in his respective ISO Agreement, as follows: shares for the CEO; shares for the CFO;
 shares for the EVP of Strategic Initiatives; shares for the EVP of Waste Treatment Operations; and shares for the
EVP of Nuclear and Technical Services. Each of the ISOs granted has a contractual term of with . The exercise price of the ISO is per share, which was equal to the fair market value of the Company s
Common Stock on the date of grant. 

Credit
Facility 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to its Revised Loan Agreement with its lender which provides, among other things,
the following: 

removed
 the quarterly FCCR testing requirement for the fourth quarter of 2022 and removes the FCCR
 testing requirement the first quarter of 2023; 
 
 reduced
 the maximum revolving credit line under the credit facility from to ; 
 
 reinstates
 ;
 and 
 
 requires
 maintenance of a minimum of in borrowing availability under the revolving credit
 until the minimum FCCR requirement for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 has been met and certified
 to the lender. 

In
connection with the amendment, the Company paid its lender a fee of . 

73 

ITEM
9. 
 CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of disclosure controls
and procedures. 

We maintain disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Commission is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the rules and forms of the Commission and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief
Executive Officer CEO (Principal Executive Officer), and Chief Financial Officer CFO (Principal Financial
Officer), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding the required disclosure. In designing and assessing our disclosure controls
and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving their stated control objectives and are subject to certain limitations, including the exercise of judgment
by individuals, the difficulty in identifying unlikely future events, and the difficulty in eliminating misconduct completely. Our management,
with the participation of our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based upon this assessment, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements or fraudulent acts. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. A control system, no matter how well designed, can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation and presentation. 

74 

Internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations
of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

In our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2021 and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 22, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, management
concluded that internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of those dates because of a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting as described below. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a Company s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Certain revenue contracts that contained nonstandard
terms and conditions were not appropriately evaluated in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 
Specifically, management did not have the appropriate controls in place over the determination of revenue recognition for nonroutine and
complex revenue transactions. The material weakness identified resulted in errors in the Company s books and records in fiscal year
2021 which led to audit adjustments. However, the errors arising from the underlying revenue adjustments were not material to the financial
statements reported in any interim or annual period and therefore, did not result in a revision to any previously filed financial statements. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, management
implemented its remediation plan which included the following: 

consulted with third-party experts for guidance on large and/or unique contracts to ensure ASC 606 guidance
was accurately applied and documented; 
 
 updated our ASC 606 revenue templates to ensure unique contract provisions were able to be identified
so ASC 606 guidance was applied accurately; 
 
 instituted more robust collaboration with the Company s operation personnel to identify nonstandard
contract terms in order to determine appropriate treatment under ASC 606; and 
 
 continued training of accounting and operations personnel on ASC 606 by subject matter experts and internal
financial department to ensure proper application of guidance under ASC 606. 

We tested and evaluated the design and operating effectiveness
of our remediation plan and have determined that the material weakness identified above has been remediated. 

Management, with the participation of our CEO and
CFO, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, management and our CEO and CFO, concluded that the Company s internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This Form 10-K does not include an attestation report
of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Since the Company
is not a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s
report in this Form 10-K. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other than the steps taken in implementing our remediation
plan as discussed above, there was no other change in our internal control over financial (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

75 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

DIRECTORS 

The
following table sets forth, as of the date of this Report, information concerning our Board of Directors (the Board ): 

NAME

AGE 
 
 POSITION 

Mr.
 Thomas P. Bostick 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr.
 Louis F. Centofanti 
 
 79 
 
 Director;
 EVP of Strategic Initiatives 

Ms.
 Kerry C. Duggan 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 Mr.
 Joseph T. Grumski 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 The
 Honorable Joe R. Reeder 
 
 75 
 
 Director 
 
 Mr.
 Larry M. Shelton 
 
 69 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 The
 Honorable Zach P. Wamp 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Mr.
 Mark A. Zwecker 
 
 72 
 
 Director 

Each
director is elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their respective successors are duly elected and
qualified. 

Director
Information 

Our
directors and executive officers, their ages, the positions with us held by each of them, the periods during which they have served in
such positions and a summary of their recent business experience are set forth below. Each of the biographies of the current directors
listed below also contains information regarding such person s service as a director, business experience, director positions with
other public companies held currently or at any time during the past five years, and the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills
that our Board considered in nominating or appointing each of them to serve as one of our directors. 

Mr.
Thomas P. Bostick 

Mr.
Bostick, a director since August 2020, is currently the Chief Executive Officer CEO of Bostick Global Strategies, LLC,
a position he has held since July 2016. Bostick Global Strategies, LLC provides strategic advisory support in the areas of engineering,
environmental sustainability, human resources, biotechnology, education, executive coaching, and Agile Project Management. In February
2021, Mr. Bostick was selected by U. S. Senator Jack Reed, Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, to serve as a member of the Naming Commission consisting of eight appointed individuals, tasked with renaming Confederate-named military bases and property. Mr. Bostick
previously served (from November 2017 to February 2020) as the Chief Operating Officer COO and President of Intrexon
Bioengineering, a division of Intrexon Corporation (formerly NASDAQ: XON; now NASDAQ: PGEN). Intrexon Bioengineering addresses global
challenges across food, agriculture, environmental, energy, and industrial fields by advancing biologically engineered solutions to improve
sustainability and efficiency. Since October 2020, Mr. Bostick has served as a board member of CSX Corporation (NASDAQ: CSX), a publicly-held
rail transportation company, and since December 2020, as a member of both the Finance Committee and the Governance Committee of CSX Corporation.
Since June 2021, Mr. Bostick has served on the Board of Trustees of Fidelity Equity and High Income Funds overseeing
equity funds and high yield funds sponsored by Fidelity Investments, Inc., a privately-owned investment management company. Mr.
Bostick continues to serve as a board member for several other privately-held and nonprofit organizations. Mr. Bostick was named as one
of 2021 s Most Influential Black Corporate Directors by Savoy Magazine, a national publication that showcases and drives positive
dialogue about Black culture. 

76 

Mr.
Bostick has had a distinguished career in the U.S. military, retiring from the U.S. Army in July 2016 with the rank of Lieutenant General.
Prior to his retirement, General Bostick held a variety of positions within the U.S. Army, including the 53 rd Chief of Engineers and
 Commanding General, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (2012-2016) and Deputy Chief of Staff and Director of Human Resources, U.S. Army (2009-2012).
General Bostick has been awarded many military honors and decorations during his military career, including the Distinguished Service
Medal, the Defense Superior Service Medal, and the Bronze Star Medal. 

As
a White House Fellow, one of America s most prestigious programs for leadership and public service, General Bostick was a special
assistant to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. He graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree from the U.S. Military Academy at West
Point and later returned to the Academy to serve as an Associate Professor of Mechanical Engineering. He holds Master s degrees
in Civil Engineering and Mechanical Engineering from Stanford University and a Doctorate in Systems Engineering from George Washington
University. He is a Member of the National Academy of Engineering and the National Academy of Construction. 

Mr.
Bostick s distinguished career in both the government and private sectors brings valuable experience and insight into solving complex
issues domestically and globally. His extensive knowledge and problem-solving experiences enhance the Board s ability to address
significant challenges in the nuclear market and led the Board to conclude that he should serve as a director. 

Dr.
Louis F. Centofanti 

Dr.
Centofanti, the founder of the Company and a director of the Company since its inception in 1991, currently holds the position of EVP
of Strategic Initiatives. From March 1996 to September 8, 2017 and from February 1991 to September 1995, Dr. Centofanti held the position
of President and CEO of the Company. Dr. Centofanti served as Chairman of the Board from the Company s inception in February 1991
until December 16, 2014. In January 2015, Dr. Centofanti was appointed by the U.S Secretary of Commerce Penny Prizker to serve on the
U.S. Department of Commerce s Civil Nuclear Trade Advisory Committee CINTAC ). The CINTAC is composed of industry
representatives from the civil nuclear industry and meets periodically throughout the year to discuss the critical trade issues facing
the U.S. civil nuclear sector. From 1985 until joining the Company, Dr. Centofanti served as SVP of USPCI, Inc., a large publicly-held
hazardous waste management company, where he was responsible for managing the treatment, reclamation and technical groups within USPCI.
In 1981, he and Mark Zwecker, a current Board member of the Company, founded PPM, Inc. (later sold to USPCI), a hazardous waste management
company specializing in treating PCB-contaminated oil. From 1978 to 1981, Dr. Centofanti served as Regional Administrator of the U.S.
Department of Energy for the southeastern region of the United States. Dr. Centofanti has a Ph.D. and a M.S. in Chemistry from the University
of Michigan, and a B.S. in Chemistry from Youngstown State University. 

As
founder of Perma-Fix and PPM, Inc., and as a senior executive at USPCI, Dr. Centofanti combines extensive business experience in the
waste management industry with a drive for innovative technology which is critical for a waste management company. In addition, his service
in the government sector provides a solid foundation for the continuing growth of the Company, particularly within the Company s
Nuclear business. Dr. Centofanti s comprehensive understanding of the Company s operations and his extensive knowledge of
its history, coupled with his drive for innovation and excellence, positions Dr. Centofanti to optimize our role in this competitive,
evolving market, and led the Board to conclude that he should serve as a director. 

77 

Kerry
C. Duggan 

Ms.
Duggan, a director of the Company since May 2021, is the founder of SustainabiliD, a woman-owned advisory services firm working with
gamechangers to equitably solve the climate crisis. She has been named the founding director of the University of Michigan s SEAS
Sustainability Clinic in Detroit. 

In
2021, Ms. Duggan was appointed to the Department of Energy s prestigious Secretary of Energy Advisory Board, serving under Secretary
Jennifer Granholm. In February 2021, Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer also appointed Duggan to the State of Michigan s Council
on Climate Solutions, to advise on the implementation of the MI Healthy Climate Plan, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to transition
toward economy-wide carbon neutrality. In 2020-21, Ms. Duggan was a member of the Biden-Harris Transition Team on the Department of Energy
Agency Review Team. In May 2020, Ms. Duggan was named a member of the Biden-Sanders Unity Task Force on Climate Change, serving as one
of Biden s five delegates alongside Gina McCarthy and Sec. John Kerry; and later co-chaired the climate change policy committee
and served as a Surrogate for the Biden campaign. 

Previously,
Ms. Duggan served nearly seven years in public-service leadership roles, including inside the Obama-Biden White House as Deputy Director
for Policy in the Office of Vice President Biden Policy to then Vice President Joe Biden for energy, environment, climate, and distressed
communities. Simultaneously, she served as Deputy Director of the Detroit Federal Working Group to support Detroit s revitalization.
Prior to the White House, Ms. Duggan held several senior roles at the Department of Energy, including as Secretary Moniz s embedded
Liaison to the City of Detroit (where she championed a citywide LED streetlight conversion), and in the Office of Energy Efficiency 
Renewable Energy as Director of Stakeholder Engagement, Director of Legislative, Regulatory Urban Affairs, and as a Senior Policy
Advisor. 

After
her time in federal service, Ms. Duggan co-founded the Smart Cities Lab, was a Partner with the Honorable Thomas J. Ridge s firm,
RIDGE-LANE Limited Partners, and served on the external advisory board of the University of Michigan s Erb Institute for Global
Sustainable Enterprise and was a Board Member at the Global Council for Science and the Environment. She was also a Trustee of the University
Liggett School. In 2018, Ms. Duggan was named to the prestigious 40 Under 40 list by Crain s Detroit Business. She
previously worked at the League of Conservation Voters in Washington, D.C. 

Currently,
Ms. Duggan serves as a senior advisor at The RockCreek Group, LP, a registered private fund adviser that manages fund of funds portfolios
and direct equity trading portfolios. She also sits on the corporate advisory boards of Our Next Energy, Inc. (ONE), a privately-held
energy storage solutions company; Aclima, Inc., a public benefit corporation dedicated to protecting public health, reducing climate-changing
emissions, and advancing environmental justice; BlueConduit, a privately-held water analytics company that builds machine learning software
to support the efficient removal of lead and other dangerous materials from communities; Walker-Miller Energy Services, L.L.C., a privately-held
energy efficiency services company; Commonweal Investors, a private equity firm that invests in early-stage technology companies advancing
a sustainable economy, upgrading transportation and infrastructure systems, and revitalizing the urban environment; and Arctaris Impact
Investors, LLC, an investment management company that manages funds which invest in growth-oriented operating businesses and community
infrastructure projects located in underserved communities, among others. 

Ms.
Duggan earned her B.S. in Environmental Studies from the University of Vermont and her M.S. in Natural Resource Policy Behavior
from the University of Michigan. 

Ms.
Duggan s career in both the government and private sectors brings valuable experience and insight into solving complex issues.
Her extensive knowledge and problem-solving experiences, with an Environmental, Social and Governance ESG mindset and
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DEI core values, led the Board to conclude that she should serve as a director. 

78 

Mr.
Joseph T. Grumski 

Mr.
Grumski, a director of the Company since February 2020, has served since April 2020 as the President and CEO of TAS Energy Inc. TAS ),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Comfort Systems USA, Inc. (NYSE: FIX), a publicly-held company that provides mechanical and electrical contracting
services in 139 locations and 114 cities throughout the United States. Prior to the acquisition of TAS by Comfort Systems USA, Inc.,
Mr. Grumski served as President and CEO and a board member of TAS from May 2013 to March 2020. From 1997 to February 2013, Mr. Grumski
was employed with Science Applications International Corporation SAIC (NYSE: SAIC), a publicly-held company that provides
government services and information technology support. During his employment with SAIC, Mr. Grumski held various senior management positions,
including the positions of President of SAIC s Energy, Environment Infrastructure E2I commercial subsidiary
and General Manager of the E2I Business Unit. SAIC s E2I commercial subsidiary and Business Unit is comprised of approximately
5,200 employees performing over 1.1 billion of services for federal, commercial, utility and state customers. Mr. Grumski s many
accomplishments with SAIC included growing SAIC s 300 million federal environmental business to a top ranked, 1.1 billion business;
receiving the National Safety Council Industry Leader award in 2009; and receiving highest senior executive performance
rating three years in a row. Mr. Grumski began his career with Gulf Oil Company and has progressed through senior level engineering,
operations management, and program management positions with various companies, including Westinghouse Electric Corporation and Lockheed
Martin, Inc. Mr. Grumski received a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from The University of Pittsburgh and a M.S in Mechanical Engineering
from West Virginia University. 

Mr.
Grumski has had an extensive career in solving and overseeing solutions to complex issues involving both domestic and international concerns.
In addition, his extensive experience in companies that provide services to the government sector as well as his experience in the commercial
sector provide solid experience for the continuing growth of the Company s Treatment and Services Segment. Mr. Grumski s
extensive knowledge and problem-solving experiences, executive operational leadership experience and governance experience enhance the
Board s ability to address significant challenges in the nuclear market, and led the Board to conclude that he should serve as
a director. 

The
Honorable Joe R. Reeder 

Mr.
Reeder, a director since 2003, is a principal shareholder of the law firm of Greenberg Traurig LLP, one of the nation s largest
law firms, with 43 locations and 2,500 attorneys worldwide, for which Mr. Reeder served as Shareholder-in-Charge of the law firm s
Mid-Atlantic Region offices from 1999 to 2008. His clientele includes celebrities, heads of state, sovereign nations, international corporations,
and law firms. As the 14th Undersecretary of the U.S. Army (1993-97), he also served three years as Chairman of the Panama Canal Commission s
Board, overseeing a multibillion-dollar infrastructure program. For the past 18 years, he has served on the Canal s International
Advisory Board. He has written extensively in leading journals on the subject of corporate cybersecurity, served on the boards of the
National Defense Industry Association NDIA ), chairing NDIA s Ethics Committee, the Armed Services YMCA, the Marshall
Legacy Institute, and many other private companies and charitable organizations. Mr. Reeder served as a director of ELBIT Systems of
America, LLC, (2005-2020), a subsidiary of Elbit Systems Ltd. (NASDAQ: ESLT), a multi-billion-dollar provider of defense, homeland security,
and commercial aviation system solutions. Mr. Reeder has served as a director of WashingtonFirst Bank, the bank subsidiary of WashingtonFirst
Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: WSBI), from 2004 to 2017; as a director of WashingtonFirst Bankshares, Inc., from 2009 to 2017; Sandy Spring
Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: SASR), from 2018 to 2020; and Trustar Bank, a Virginia state-chartered bank (2022 - present). 

After
successive 4-year appointments by Virginia Governors Mark Warner and Tim Kaine, Mr. Reeder served seven years as Chairman of two Commonwealth
of Virginia military boards, and 10 years on the USO Board of Governors. Appointed by former Governor Terry McAuliffe to the Virginia
Military Institute s Board of Visitors (2014), he was reappointed in 2018 by former Virginia Governor Ralph Northam, with his term
ending in 2022. Mr. Reeder, who has been a television commentator on legal and national security issues, has consistently been named
a Super Lawyer for Washington, D.C., most recently in 2022. 

79 

In
May 2018 Mr. Reeder was appointed to the Advisory Council Bid Protest Committee to the United States Court of Federal Claims. 

A
West Point graduate who served in the 82nd Airborne Division after Ranger School, Mr. Reeder earned his J.D. from the University of Texas,
and L.L.M. from Georgetown University. 

Mr.
Reeder has devoted his career to resolving complex domestic and international issues, and continues to greatly enhance the Board s
ability to address major challenges in the nuclear market and day-to-day corporate, and Washington D.C.- related challenges. 

Mr.
Larry M. Shelton 

Mr.
Shelton, a director since July 2006, has also held the position of Chairman of the Board of the Company since December 2014. Mr. Shelton
served as the CFO of S K Hart Management, LLC, a private investment management company S K Hart Management ), from 1999
until August 2018. Mr. Shelton served as President of Pony Express Land Development, Inc. (an affiliate of SK Hart Management), a privately
held land development company, from January 2013 until August 2017, and has served on its board since December 2005. Mr. Shelton served
as Director and CFO of S K Hart Ranches (PTY) Ltd, a private South African Company involved in agriculture, from March 2012 to March
2020. Mr. Shelton continues to provide advisory services to S K Hart Ranches (PTY) Ltd. Mr. Shelton has over 20 years of experience as
an executive financial officer for several waste management companies, including as CFO of Envirocare of Utah, Inc. (now EnergySolutions,
Inc. (1995 1999)), a privately held nuclear waste services company, and as CFO of USPCI, Inc. (1982 1987), then a NYSE- listed
public company engaged in the hazardous waste business. Since July 1989, Mr. Shelton has served on the board of Subsurface Technologies,
Inc., a privately held company specializing in providing environmentally sound innovative solutions for water well rehabilitation and
development. Mr. Shelton has a B.A. in accounting from the University of Oklahoma. 

With
his years of accounting experience as CFO for various companies, including a number of waste management companies, Mr. Shelton combines
extensive industry knowledge and understanding of accounting principles, financial reporting requirements, evaluating and overseeing
financial reporting processes and business matters. These factors led the Board to conclude that he should serve as a director. 

The
Honorable Zach P. Wamp 

Mr.
Wamp, a director since January 2018, is currently the President of Zach Wamp Consulting, a position he has held since 2011. As the President
and owner of Zach Wamp Consulting, he has served some of the most prominent companies from Silicon Valley to Wall Street as a business
development consultant and advisor. From September 2013 to November 2017, Mr. Wamp chaired the Board of Directors for Chicago Bridge
and Iron Federal Services, LLC (a subsidiary of Chicago Bridge Iron Company, NYSE: CBI, which provides critical services primarily
to the U.S. government). From January 1995 to January 2011, Mr. Wamp served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Tennessee s
3 rd Congressional District. Among his many accomplishments, which included various leadership roles in the advancement of
education and science, Mr. Wamp was instrumental in the formation and success of the Tennessee Valley Technology Corridor, which created
thousands of jobs for Tennesseans in the areas of high-tech research, development, and manufacturing. During his career in the political
arena, Mr. Wamp served on several prominent subcommittees during his 14 years on the House Appropriations Committee, including serving
as a ranking member of the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies. Mr. Wamp has
been a regular panelist on numerous media outlets and has been featured in a number of national publications effectively articulating
sound social and economic policy. Mr. Wamp s business career has also included work in the real estate sector for a number of years
as a licensed industrial-commercial real estate broker, for which he was named Chattanooga s Small Business Person of the Year.
He is a founder and Board Chair of Learning Blade, the nation s premiere STEM education platform, which is now operating in six
states with deployment in another 10 states. Learning Blade is owned and operated by SAI Interactive, Inc., d/b/a Thinking Media, a privately-held
educational products and services company. 

80 

Mr.
Wamp has an extensive career in solving and overseeing solutions to complex issues involving domestic concerns. In addition, his wide-ranging
career, particularly with respect to his government-related work, provides solid experience for the continuing growth of the Company s
Treatment and Services Segments. His extensive knowledge and problem-solving expertise enhance the Board s ability to address significant
challenges in the nuclear market, and led the Board to conclude that he should serve as a director. 

Mr.
Mark A. Zwecker 

Mr.
Zwecker, a director since the Company s inception in January 1991, previously served as the CFO and a board member for JCI US Inc.
from 2013 to 2019. JCI US Inc. is a telecommunications company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Japan Communications, Inc. (Tokyo Stock
Exchange (Securities Code: 9424)), which provides cellular service for M2M (machine to machine) applications. From 2006 to 2013, Mr.
Zwecker served as Director of Finance for Communications Security and Compliance Technologies, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of JCI
US Inc. that develops security software products for the mobile workforce. Mr. Zwecker has held various other senior management positions,
including President of ACI Technology, LLC, a privately-held IT services provider, and Vice President of Finance and Administration for
American Combustion, Inc., a privately-held combustion technology solutions provider. In 1981, with Dr. Centofanti, Mr. Zwecker co-founded
a start-up, PPM, Inc., a hazardous waste management company. He remained with PPM, Inc. until its acquisition in 1985 by USPCI. Mr. Zwecker
has a B.S. in Industrial and Systems Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard University. 

As
a director since our inception, Mr. Zwecker s understanding of our business provides valuable insight to the Board. With years
of experience in operations and finance for various companies, including a number of waste management companies, Mr. Zwecker combines
extensive knowledge of accounting principles, financial reporting rules and regulations, the ability to evaluate financial results, and
understanding of financial reporting processes. He has an extensive background in operating complex organizations. Mr. Zwecker s
experience and background position him well to serve as a member of our Board. These factors led the Board to conclude that he should
serve as a director. 

Board
Skills Matrix 

The
Company is focused on nominating a Board of Directors with a balance of functional expertise, leadership experience, high moral character,
critical thinking, and a diversity of backgrounds and tenure necessary to effectively oversee the Company s business. The Company s
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for developing the criteria and qualifications required for directors. The
following Board Skills Matrix below reflects how certain relevant and important skills, experience, characteristics and other criteria
are currently represented on our Board. 

KEY
 SKILLS/EXPERIENCE 
 
 NUMBER 
 OF DIRECTORS 
 
 Corporate
 Governance: 
 Supports management and board accountability, transparency and protection of shareholder interests 
 
 8 
 
 Financial
 Literacy: 
 Knowledge of financial reporting, internal controls and procedures and complex financial transactions, as is involved with the
 Company business 
 
 6 
 
 Government/DOE/DOD
 Policies: 
 Significant work experience with government decision makers 
 
 8 
 
 Business/Investment Structures: 
 Work
 experience with infrastructure for financial interests and proven success 
 
 7 
 
 Risk
 Management and Compliance: 
 Understanding and experience with identification, assessment and oversight of risk management and programs, including cyber-security
 risks 
 
 8 
 
 Nuclear
 Waste Management: 
 Understanding the compliance and environmentally responsible nuclear services and radioactive waste management solutions 
 
 6 
 
 Environmental
 Studies: 
 Analytical tools and skills understanding the environment, while emphasizing the role of beliefs, values and ethics of the corporate
 body 
 
 8 
 
 Human
 Capital Management: 
 Experience and understanding talent management and development, executive compensation issues and succession planning efforts 
 
 8 
 
 Regulatory/Legal
 Processes: 
 Knowledge of the various regulatory processes governing Perma-Fix business sectors, such as financial, environmental, nuclear,
 safety and food and drug 
 
 8 
 
 International
 Work: 
 Experience in overseeing global operations and assessing opportunities and challenges 
 
 8 

Board
Diversity Matrix 

The
following table reflects the Company s Board diversity matrix as of the date of this Form 10-K. In addition to gender and demographic
diversity, two of our eight current directors are also military veterans. 

Total
 Number of Directors 
 
 8 

Female 
 
 Male 
 
 Non-Binary 
 
 Did
 Not Disclose Gender 
 
 Gender
 Identity: 

Directors 
 
 1

7 
 
 -

-

Number of Directors Who Identify in Any of The Categories Below: 
 
 African
 American or Black 
 
 -

-

-

-

Alaskan
 Native or Native American 
 
 -

-

-

-

Asian 
 
 -

-

-

-

Hispanic
 or Latinx 
 
 -

-

-

-

Native
 Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 
 
 -

-

-

-

White 
 
 1

6

-

-

Two
 or More Races or Ethnicities 
 
 -

1

-

-

LGBTQ 
 
 -

-

-

-

Did
 not Disclose Demographic Background 
 
 -

-

-

-

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE AND NOMINATING COMMITTEE 

We
have a separately-designated standing Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee (the Nominating Committee ). Members
of the Nominating Committee during 2022 were Joe R. Reeder (Chairperson), Thomas P. Bostick, Kerry C. Duggan and Zach P. Wamp. All members
of the Nominating Committee are and were independent as that term is defined by current NASDAQ listing standards. 

The
Nominating Committee recommends to the Board candidates to fill vacancies on the Board and the nominees for election as directors at
each annual meeting of stockholders. In making such recommendations, the Nominating Committee takes into account information provided
to them from the candidates, as well as the Nominating Committee s own knowledge and information obtained through inquiries to
third parties to the extent the Nominating Committee deems appropriate. The Company s Bylaws sets forth certain minimum director
qualifications to qualify as a nominee for election as a director. To qualify for nomination or for election as a director, an individual
must: 

be
 an individual at least 21 years of age who is not under legal disability; 
 
 have
 the ability to be present, in person, at all regular and special meetings of the Board of
 Directors; 
 
 not
 serve on the boards of more than three other publicly-held companies; 
 
 satisfy
 the director qualification requirements of all environmental and nuclear commissions, boards
 or similar regulatory or law enforcement authorities to which the Company is subject so as
 not to cause the Company to fail to satisfy any of the licensing requirements imposed by
 any such authority; 

81 

not
 be affiliated with, employed by or a representative of, or have or acquire a material personal
 involvement with, or material financial interest in, any Business Competitor 
 (as defined in the Bylaws); 
 
 not
 have been convicted of a felony or of any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; and 
 
 have
 been nominated for election to the Board of Directors in accordance with the terms of the
 Bylaws. 

In
addition to the minimum director qualifications as mentioned above, in order for any proposed nominee to be eligible to be a candidate
for election to the Board, such candidate must deliver to the Nominating Committee a completed questionnaire with respect to the background,
qualifications, stock ownership and independence of such proposed nominee. The Nominating Committee reviews each candidate s qualifications
to include considerations of: 

standards
 of integrity, personal ethics and values, commitment, and independence of thought and judgment; 
 
 ability
 to represent the interests of the Company s stockholders; 
 
 ability
 to dedicate sufficient time, energy, and attention to fulfill the requirements of the position;
 and 
 
 diversity
 of skills and experience with respect to accounting and finance, management and leadership,
 business acumen, vision and strategy, charitable causes, risk management, environmental knowledge,
 business operations (domestic and international), and industry knowledge. 

The
Nominating Committee does not assign specific weight to any particular criteria and no particular criterion is necessarily applicable
to all prospective nominees. The Nominating Committee does not have a formal policy for the consideration of diversity in identifying
nominees for directors. However, diversity is one of the many factors taken into account when considering potential candidates to serve
on the Board of Directors. The Company generally views and values diversity from the perspective of professional and life experiences,
as well as geographic location, representative of the markets in which we do business. The Company recognizes that diversity in professional
and life experiences may include consideration of gender, race, cultural background or national origin, in identifying individuals who
possess the qualifications that the Nominating Committee believes are important to be represented on the Board. The Company believes
that the inclusion of diversity as one of many factors considered in selecting director nominees is consistent with the Company s
goal of creating a board of directors that best serves our needs and those of our shareholders. 

Stockholder
Nominees 

The
Nominating Committee will consider properly submitted stockholder nominations for candidates for membership on the Board from stockholders
who meet each of the requirements set forth in the Bylaws, including, but not limited to, the requirements that any such stockholder
own at least 1 of the Company s shares of the Common Stock entitled to vote at the meeting on such election, has held such shares
continuously for at least one full year, and continuously holds such shares through and including the time of the annual or special meeting.
Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at any Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or at any Special Meeting of Stockholders
called for the purpose of electing directors. Any stockholder nomination Proposed Nominee must comply with the requirements
of the Company s Bylaws and the Proposed Nominee must meet the minimum qualification requirements as discussed above. For a nomination
to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must provide advance written notice to the Nominating Committee, delivered to the Company s
principal executive office address (i) in the case of an Annual Meeting of Stockholders, no later than the 90 th day nor earlier
than the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding Annual Meeting of Stockholders; and (ii) in
the case of a Special Meeting of Stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the 10 th day following
the day on which public disclosure of the date of the Special Meeting of Stockholders is made. 

82 

The
Nominating Committee will evaluate the qualification of the Proposed Nominee and the Proposed Nominee s disclosure and compliance
requirements in accordance with the Company s Bylaws. If the Board, upon the recommendation of the Nominating Committee, determines
that a nomination was not made in accordance with the Company s Bylaws, the Chairman of the Meeting shall declare the nomination
defective and it will be disregarded. 

BOARD
LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE 

We
continue to separate the roles of Chairman of the Board and CEO. The Board believes that this leadership structure promotes balance between
the Board s independent authority to oversee our business, and the CEO and his management team, who manage the business on a day-to-day
basis. 

The
Company does not have a written policy with respect to the separation of the positions of Chairman of the Board and CEO. The Company
believes it is important to retain its flexibility to allocate the responsibilities of the offices of the Chairman and CEO in any way
that is in the best interests of the Company at a given point in time; therefore, the Company s leadership structure may change
in the future as circumstances may dictate. 

Mr.
Mark Zwecker, a current member of our Board, continues to serve as the Independent Lead Director, a position he has held since 2010.
The Lead Director s role includes: 

convening
 and chairing meetings of the non-employee directors as necessary from time to time and Board
 meetings in the absence of the Chairman of the Board; 
 
 acting
 as liaison between directors, committee chairs and management; 
 
 serving
 as information sources for directors and management; and 
 
 carrying
 out such responsibilities as the Board may delegate from time to time. 

AUDIT
COMMITTEE 

We
have a separately designated standing Audit Committee of our Board established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange
Act. Members of the Audit Committee are Mark A. Zwecker (Chairperson), Joseph T. Grumski and Larry M. Shelton. 

Our
Board has determined that each of our Audit Committee members is independent within the meaning of the rules of the NASDAQ and is an
 audit committee financial expert as defined by Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

The
Audit Committee has also discussed with Grant Thornton, LLP, the Company s independent registered accounting firm, the matters
required to be discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 16 (Communications
with Audit Committee). 

BOARD
OF DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
Board has determined that each director, other than Dr. Centofanti, is independent within the meaning of applicable NASDAQ
rules. Dr. Centofanti is not deemed to be an independent director because of his employment as an executive officer of
the Company. 

COMPENSATION
AND STOCK OPTION COMMITTEE 

The
Compensation and Stock Option Committee (the Compensation Committee reviews and recommends to the Board the compensation
and benefits of all of the Company s officers and reviews general policy matters relating to compensation and benefits of the Company s
employees. The Compensation Committee also administers the Company s stock option plans. The Compensation Committee has the sole
authority to retain and terminate a compensation consultant, as well as to approve the consultant s fees and other terms of engagement.
It also has the authority to obtain advice and assistance from internal or external legal, accounting or other advisors. No compensation
consultant was employed during 2022. Members of the Compensation Committee during 2022 were Joseph T. Grumski (Chairperson), Zach P.
Wamp and Mark A. Zwecker. None of the members of the Compensation Committee has been or is an officer or employee of the Company or has
had or has any relationship with the Company requiring disclosure under applicable Commission regulations. 

83 

STRATEGIC
ADVISORY COMMITTEE 

We
have a separately designated Strategic Advisory Committee (the Strategic Committee ). The primary functions of the Strategic
Committee are to investigate and evaluate strategic alternatives available to the Company and to work with management on long-range strategic
planning and identification of potential new business opportunities. The members of the Strategic Advisory Committee are Dr. Louis Centofanti
(Chairperson), Kerry C. Duggan, Joe R. Reeder and Mark A. Zwecker. 

The
Board has adopted a written charter for each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Nominating Committee, and the Strategic
Advisory Committee, each of which is available on our website at https://ir.perma-fix.com/governance-docs. 

EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

The
following table sets forth, as of the date hereof, information concerning our executive officers: 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 Mr.
 Mark Duff 
 
 60 
 
 President
 and CEO 
 
 Mr.
 Ben Naccarato 
 
 60 
 
 CFO,
 EVP, and Secretary 
 
 Dr.
 Louis Centofanti 
 
 79 
 
 EVP
 of Strategic Initiatives 
 
 Mr.
 Andrew Lombardo 
 
 63 
 
 EVP
 of Nuclear and Technical Services 
 
 Mr.
 Richard Grondin 
 
 64 
 
 EVP
 of Waste Treatment Operations 

Mr.
Mark Duff 

Mr.
Mark Duff has held the position of President and CEO of the Company since September 2017. Since joining the Company in 2016, Mr. Duff
has developed and implemented strategies to meet aggressive growth objectives in both the Treatment and Services Segments. In the Treatment
Segment, he continues to upgrade each facility to increase efficiency and modernize treatment capabilities to meet the changing markets
associated with the waste management industry. This growth includes expansion into additional market sectors including development of
new clients in the commercial power and oil and gas industries. In the Services Segment, which encompasses all field operations, he has
completed the revitalization of business development programs, which has resulted in increased competitive procurement effectiveness
and broadened the market penetration within both the commercial and government sectors. Within the Services Segment, Mr. Duff has established
a team of professionals with experience in conducting safe and efficient field operations while addressing complex technical challenges
associated with removal of radioactive and hazardous contamination. Mr. Duff has over 38 years of management and technical experience
in the DOE and DOD environmental and construction markets as a corporate officer, senior project manager, co-founder of a consulting
firm, and federal employee. Mr. Duff has an MBA from the University of Phoenix and received his B.S. from the University of Alabama. 

Mr.
Ben Naccarato 

Mr.
Naccarato has served as the Company s CFO since February 2009. Mr. Naccarato joined the Company in September 2004, holding the
positions of Vice President of Finance for the Company s Industrial Segment until May 2006, when he was named Vice President, Corporate
Controller/Treasurer. Mr. Naccarato has over 34 years of experience in senior financial positions in the waste management and used oil
industries. Mr. Naccarato was the CFO of a privately held company in the fuel distribution and used waste oil industry from 2002 to 2004
and prior to that served in numerous senior financial roles in the waste management industry in both the US and Canada. Mr. Naccarato
is a graduate of the University of Toronto with a Bachelor of Commerce and Finance Degree and is a Chartered Professional Accountant,
Certified Management Accountant (CPA, CMA). 

Since
March 2021, Mr. Naccarato has served as an independent director and as a member of both the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee
of PyroGenesis Canada, Inc., a high-tech company involved in the design, development, manufacture and commercialization of advanced plasma
processes and products and whose stock is listed for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ Stock Exchange under the trading
symbol PYR. 

84 

Dr.
Louis Centofanti 

See
 Director Dr. Louis F. Centofanti in this section for information on Dr. Centofanti. 

Mr.
Andrew Andy Lombardo 

Mr.
Lombardo has held the position of EVP of Nuclear and Technical Services since January 2020. Since joining the Company in 2011, Mr. Lombardo
has held various positions within the Company s Services Segment, including SVP of Nuclear and Technical Services. 

Mr.
Lombardo, a Certified Health Physicist CHP ), has over 40 years of management and technical experience in the commercial
nuclear reactor market, and the DOE and DOD environmental and construction markets as a senior director, senior project manager, senior
CHP and chemist. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lombardo held the position of Vice President of Technical Services for Safety and
Ecology Corporation SEC ), a subsidiary of Homeland Security Capital Corporation, a publicly traded environmental services
company, prior to the acquisition of SEC by the Company in 2011. In his positions with both the Company and SEC, Mr. Lombardo procured
and performed greater than 30 million a year in health physics and radioactive material management projects across the DOE and DOD complex
while managing a professional staff of engineers and health physicists and an instrumentation laboratory. Among his many accomplishments,
Mr. Lombardo has developed an expertise characterizing and managing naturally occurring radioactive material NORM and
technologically enhanced NORM TENORM waste streams across multiple industries including oil and gas exploration and production.
As a result of his expertise, he was appointed to a scientific committee of the National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurement
to provide a commentary on the generation and disposal of TENORM waste. Mr. Lombardo began his career as a chemist and health physicist
for the Duquesne Light Company at two commercial reactor sites and one joint DOE/Naval Reactors Duquesne Light test reactor in Shippingport,
PA. Mr. Lombardo is certified in comprehensive practice of health physics, and has a M.S. degree in Health Physics from the University
of Pittsburgh and a B.S. in Natural Sciences from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. 

Mr.
Richard Grondin 

Mr.
Grondin has held the position of EVP of Waste Treatment Operations since July 2020. Since joining the Company in 2002, Mr. Grondin has
held various positions within the Company s Treatment Segment, including Vice President of Technical Services, Vice President/General
Manager of the Perma-Fix Northwest Richland, Inc. Facility and Vice President of Western Operations. Mr. Grondin, a Project Management
Professional, has over 35 years of management and technical experience in the highly regulated and specialized radioactive/hazardous
waste management industry with the majority of his experience concentrated on managing start-up waste management processing and disposal
facilities for four different organizations in the commercial and government sectors. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Grondin held
the position of Vice President of Mixed Waste Operations for Allied Technology Group in Richland, Washington; Vice President of Operations
for Waste Control Specialists in Andrews Texas; and Technical Manager/Director of Operations for Rollins Environmental Services Facility
in Deer Trail, Colorado. Mr. Grondin is recognized in the United States and Canada as an authority in hazardous and mixed waste treatment.
Mr. Grondin has a Diploma of Collegial Studies in Pure and Applied Sciences from CEGEP of Amiante (Thetford-Mines, Canada) and Analytical
Chemistry Techniques from CEGEP of Ahuntsic (Montreal, Canada), a Geography minor from Montreal University (Montreal, Canada) and a Certificate
of Business Management from the School of Higher Commercial Studies from Montreal University (Montreal, Canada). 

Certain
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of the directors or executive officers. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act, and the regulations promulgated thereunder require our executive officers and directors and beneficial owners
of more than 10 of our Common Stock to file reports of ownership and changes of ownership of our Common Stock with the Commission, and
to furnish us with copies of all such reports. Based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written information
provided to us, we believe that during 2022 none of our executive officers, directors, or beneficial owners of more than 10 of our Common
Stock failed to timely file reports under Section 16(a). 

85 

Schelhammer
Capital Bank AG, a banking institution regulated by the banking regulations of Austria, has represented to the Company that as of February
1, 2023, it holds of record as a nominee for, and as an agent of, certain accredited investors, 1,897,794 shares of our Common Stock.
Schelhammer Capital Bank AG has also represented to the Company that none of the investors, individually or as a group, as the term group 
is defined under Rule 13d-5(b) of the Exchange Act, beneficially owns more than 4.9 of our Common Stock. Additionally, the investors
for whom Schelhammer Capital Bank AG acts as nominee with respect to such shares maintain full voting and dispositive power over the
Common Stock beneficially owned by such investors, and Schelhammer Capital Bank AG has neither voting nor investment power over such
shares. Accordingly, Schelhammer Capital Bank AG believes that (i) it is not the beneficial owner, as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3
of the Exchange Act, of the shares of Common Stock registered in Schelhammer Capital Bank AG s name because (a) Schelhammer Capital
Bank AG holds the Common Stock as a nominee only, (b) Schelhammer Capital Bank AG has neither voting nor investment power over such shares,
and (c) Schelhammer Capital Bank AG has not nominated or sought to nominate, and does not intend to nominate in the future, any person
to serve as a member of our Board; and (ii) it is not required to file reports under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or to file either
Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G in connection with the shares of our Common Stock registered in the name of Schelhammer Capital Bank AG. 

If
the representations of, or information provided by Schelhammer Capital Bank AG, are incorrect or Schelhammer Capital Bank AG was historically
acting on behalf of its investors as a group, rather than on behalf of each investor independent of other investors, then Schelhammer
Capital Bank AG and/or the investor group would have become a beneficial owner of more than 10 of our Common Stock on February 9, 1996,
as a result of the acquisition on such date of 1,100 shares of our Preferred Stock that were convertible into a maximum of 256,560 shares
of our Common Stock. If either Schelhammer Capital Bank AG or a group of Schelhammer Capital Bank AG s investors became a beneficial
owner of more than 10 of our Common Stock on February 9, 1996, or at any time thereafter, and thereby required to file reports under
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, then Schelhammer Capital Bank AG has failed to file a Form 3 or any Forms 4 or 5 since February 9,
1996. (See Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners for a discussion of Schelhammer Capital Bank AG s current record ownership of our
securities). 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Ethics ), which applies to our Board and all our employees, including our CEO
and our senior financial officers, complies with applicable SEC rules and Nasdaq listing standards. and is available on our website at
 https://ir.perma-fix.com/governance-docs. The provisions of the Code of Ethics that apply to the CEO and our senior financial
officers, including our CFO and our chief accounting officer, complies with the requirements imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
and the rules issued thereunder for codes of ethics applicable to such officers. If any amendments are made to the Code of Ethics, or
any grants of waivers are made to any provision of the Code of Ethics, that are applicable to our CEO and our senior financial officers,
we will promptly disclose the amendment or waiver and nature of such amendment or waiver on our website at the same web address. 

86 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation 

The
following table summarizes the total compensation of the Company s named executive officers NEOs for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 All other Compensation 
 Total Compensation 

) 
 ) 
 ) (1) 
 ) 
 ) (2) 
 ) 
 
 Mark Duff 
 2022 
 374,870 

41,270 
 416,140 
 
 President and CEO 
 2021 
 350,341 
 
 175,518 
 
 37,121 
 562,980 

Ben Naccarato 
 2022 
 304,772 

51,484 
 356,256 
 
 EVP and CFO 
 2021 
 284,830 
 
 87,759 
 
 45,440 
 418,029 

Dr. Louis Centofanti 
 2022 
 253,980 

38,776 
 292,756 
 
 EVP of Strategic Initiatives 
 2021 
 237,361 
 
 70,207 
 
 35,836 
 343,404 

Andy Lombardo 
 2022 
 304,772 

15,088 
 319,860 
 
 EVP of Nuclear Technical Services 
 2021 
 284,830 
 
 87,759 
 
 15,500 
 388,089 

Richard Grondin 
 2022 
 261,233 

38,240 
 299,473 
 
 EVP of Waste Treatment Operations 
 2021 
 244,140 
 
 87,759 
 
 33,943 
 365,842 

(1) Reflects
 the aggregate grant date fair value of awards computed in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation
 Stock Compensation. Assumptions used in the calculation of this amount are
 included in Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 6 Capital Stock, Stock
 Plans, Warrants and Stock Based Compensation. 

(2) The
 amount shown includes a monthly automobile allowance, insurance premiums (health, disability
 and life) paid by the Company on behalf of the NEO, and 401(k) matching contributions. 

Insurance 

Name 
 
 Premium 
 Auto Allowance 
 401(k) match 
 Total 
 
 Mark Duff 
 
 25,770 
 9,000 
 6,500 
 41,270 
 
 Ben Naccarato 
 
 35,734 
 9,000 
 6,750 
 51,484 
 
 Dr. Louis Centofanti 
 
 24,705 
 9,000 
 5,071 
 38,776 
 
 Andy Lombardo 

9,000 
 6,088 
 15,088 
 
 Richard Grondin 
 
 24,705 
 6,785 
 6,750 
 38,240 

87 

Pay
Versus Performance Table 

As
required by Section 953(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K, we are
providing the following information about the relationship between executive compensation actually paid and certain financial performance
of the Company. 

Year 
 Summary Compensation Table (SCT) Total for Principal Executive Officer (PEO) (1) 
 Compensation Actually Paid to PEO (2) 
 Average Summary Compensation Table Total for Non- PEO NEOs (3) 
 Average Compensation Actually Paid to Non-PEO NEOs (4) 
 Value of Initial Fixed 100 Investment Based On Total Shareholder Return (5) 
 Net (loss) income (6) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 
 2022 
 416,140 
 276,985 
 317,086 
 250,745 
 59 
 (3,816,000 

2021 
 562,980 
 526,242 
 378,841 
 364,503 
 106 
 671,000 

(1) Reflect
 amount for Mark Duff, President and CEO for each corresponding year in the Total Compensation 
 column of the Summary Compensation Table above. 

(2) The
 dollar amounts reported in column (c) represent the amount of compensation actually
 paid to Mr. Duff, as computed in accordance with Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K. The
 dollar amounts do not reflect the actual amount of compensation earned by or paid to Mr.
 Duff during the applicable year. In accordance with the requirements of Item 402(v) of Regulation
 S-K, the following adjustments were made to Mr. Duff s total compensation for
 each year to determine the compensation actually paid: 

Reported 

Summary Compensation Table 
 Reported 
Value of Equity 
 Equity Award 
 Compensation Actually 

Total for PEO 
 Awards (a) 
 Adjustments (b) 
 Paid to PEO 
 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

2022 
 416,140 
 - 
 (139,155 
 276,985 

2021 
 562,980 
 (175,518 
 138,780 
 526,242 

(a)
The grant date fair value of equity awards represents the total of the amounts reported in the Option Awards column in
the Summary Compensation Table for the applicable year. 

(b)
The equity award adjustments for each applicable year include the addition (or subtraction, as applicable) of the following: (i) the
year-end fair value of any equity awards granted in the applicable year that are outstanding and unvested as of the end of the year;
(ii) the amount of change as of the end of the applicable year (from the end of the prior fiscal year) in fair value of any awards granted
in prior years that are outstanding and unvested as of the end of the applicable year; (iii) for awards that are granted and vest in
same applicable year, the fair value as of the vesting date; (iv) for awards granted in prior years that vest in the applicable year,
the amount equal to the change as of the vesting date (from the end of the prior fiscal year) in fair value; (v) for awards granted in
prior years that are determined to fail to meet the applicable vesting conditions during the applicable year, a deduction for the amount
equal to the fair value at the end of the prior fiscal year; and (vi) the dollar value of any dividends or other earnings paid on stock
or option awards in the applicable year prior to the vesting date that are not otherwise reflected in the fair value of such award or
included in any other component of total compensation for the applicable year. The valuation assumptions used to calculate fair values
did not materially differ from those disclosed at the time of grant. The amounts deducted or added in calculating the equity award adjustments
are as follows: 

Year 
 Year End Fair Value of Outstanding and Unvested Equity Awards Granted in the Year ) 
 Year over Year Change in Fair Value of Outstanding and Unvested Equity Award Granted in Prior Years ) 
 Fair Value as of Vesting Date of Equity Awards Granted and Vested in the Year ) 
 Year over Year Change in Fair Value of Equity Award Granted in Prior Years that Vested in the Year ) 
 Fair Value at the End of the Prior Year of Equity Awards that Failed to Meet Vesting Conditions in the Year ) 
 Value of Dividends or other Earnings Paid on Stock or Option Awards not Otherwise Reflected in Fair Value or Total Compensation ) 
 Total Equity Award Adjustments ) 

2022 
 - 
 (99,870 
 - 
 (39,285 
 - 
 - 
 (139,155 

2021 
 147,050 
 (3,860 
 - 
 (4,410 
 - 
 - 
 138,780 

(3) Reflect
 the average of the amounts reported for the Company s NEO as a group (excluding Mr.
 Duff) in the Total Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table in
 each applicable year. The names of each of the NEOs (excluding Mr. Duff) included for purposes
 of calculating the average amounts in each applicable year were Ben Naccarato, CFO; Dr. Louis
 Centofanti, EVP of Strategic Initiatives; Andy Lombardo, EVP of Nuclear and Technical Services;
 and Richard Grondin, EVP of Waste Treatment Operations. 

88 

(4) The
 dollar amounts reported in column (e) represent the average amount of compensation
 actually paid to the NEOs as a group (excluding Mr. Duff), as computed in accordance
 with Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K. The dollar amounts do not reflect the actual average
 amount of compensation earned by or paid to NEOs as a group (excluding Mr. Duff) during the
 applicable year. In accordance with the requirements of Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K, the
 following adjustments were made to average total compensation for the NEOs as a group (excluding
 Mr. Duff) for each year to determine the compensation actually paid, using the same methodology
 described in Note (2): 

Average Reported 

Average 

Summary 
 Compensation Table 
 Average Reported 
 Average Equity 
 Compensation 
 Actually 

Total for Non-PEO NEOs 
 Value of Equity 
 Awards 
 Award 
Adjustments (a) 
 Paid to Non-PEO 
 NEOs 
 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

2022 
 317,086 
 - 
 (66,341 
 250,745 

2021 
 378,841 
 (83,371 
 69,033 
 364,503 

(a)
The amount deduced or added in calculating the total average equity adjustments are as follows: 

Year 
 Average Year End Fair Value of Outstanding and Unvested Equity Awards Granted in the Year 
 ) 
 Average Year over Year Change in Fair Value of Outstanding and Unvested Equity Award Granted in Prior Years 
 ) 
 Average Fair Value as of Vesting Date of Equity Awards Granted and Vested in the Year 
 ) 
 Average Year over Year Change in Fair Value of Equity Award Granted in Prior Years that Vested in the Year 
 ) 
 Fair Value at the Average End of the Prior Year of Equity Awards that Failed to Meet Vesting Conditions in the Year 
 ) 
 Average Value of Dividends or other Earnings Paid on Stock or Option Awards not Otherwise Reflected in Fair Value or Total Compensation 
 ) 
 Average Total Equity Award Adjustments 
 ) 

2022 
 - 
 (48,134 
 - 
 (18,207 
 - 
 - 
 (66,341 

2021 
 69,849 
 (1,127 
 - 
 311 
 - 
 - 
 69,033 

(5) Cumulative
 TSR is calculated by dividing the sum of the cumulative amount of dividends (which is none
 for the Company) for the measurement period, assuming dividend reinvestment, and the difference
 between our share price at the end and the beginning of the measurement period by our share
 price at the beginning of the measurement period. 

(6) The
 dollar amounts reported represent the amount of net (loss) income reflected in our consolidated
 audited financial statements for the applicable year. 

All
information provided in the Pay Versus Performance table above and the related disclosures will not be deemed to be incorporated
by reference in any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective
of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 

89 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth unexercised options held by the NEOs as of the fiscal year-end. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) (1) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 

Mark Duff 
 100,000 (2) 
 (2) 
 
 3.650 
 7/27/2023 

15,000 (3) 
 10,000 (3) 
 
 3.150 
 1/17/2025 

10,000 (5) 
 40,000 (5) 
 
 7.005 
 10/14/2027 

Ben Naccarato 
 50,000 (2) 
 (2) 
 
 3.650 
 7/27/2023 

9,000 (3) 
 6,000 (3) 
 
 3.150 
 1/17/2025 

5,000 (5) 
 20,000 (5) 
 
 7.005 
 10/14/2027 

Dr. Louis Centofanti 
 50,000 (2) 
 (2) 
 
 3.650 
 7/27/2023 

9,000 (3) 
 6,000 (3) 
 
 3.150 
 1/17/2025 

4,000 (5) 
 16,000 (5) 
 
 7.005 
 10/14/2027 

Andy Lombardo 
 12,000 (4) 
 (4) 
 
 3.600 
 10/19/2023 

4,000 (3) 
 4,000 (3) 
 
 3.150 
 1/17/2025 

5,000 (5) 
 20,000 (5) 
 
 7.005 
 10/14/2027 

Richard Grondin 
 20,000 (4) 
 (4) 
 
 3.600 
 10/19/2023 

6,000 (3) 
 4,000 (3) 
 
 3.150 
 1/17/2025 

5,000 (5) 
 20,000 (5) 
 
 7.005 
 10/14/2027 

(1)
 Pursuant to each of the employment agreements between the Company and, respectively, Mark Duff, Ben Naccarato, Dr. Louis Centofanti,
Andy Lombardo, and Richard Grondin, each dated July 22, 2020, in the event of a change in control, death of the executive officer, the
executive officer terminates his employment for good reason or the executive officer is terminated by the Company without
cause, each outstanding option and award shall immediately become exercisable in full (see Employment Agreements below
for further discussion of the events pursuant to which accelerated exercise of the respective NEO s outstanding options can arise). 

(2)
 Incentive stock option granted on July 27, 2017 under the Company s 2017 Stock Option Plan. The option has a contractual
term of six years with one-fifth yearly vesting over a five-year period. 

(3)
 Incentive stock option granted on January 17, 2019 under the Company s 2017 Stock Option Plan. The option has a contractual
term of six years with one-fifth yearly vesting over a five-year period. 

(4)
 Incentive stock option granted on October 19, 2017 under the Company s 2017 Stock Option Plan. The option has a contractual
term of six years with one-fifth yearly vesting over a five-year period. 

(5)
 Incentive stock option granted on October 14, 2021 under the Company s 2017 Stock Option Plan. The option has a contractual
term of six years with one-fifth yearly vesting over a five-year period. 

Option
Exercises 

The
table below reflects options exercised by our NEO in 2022. 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Value Realized 
 
 Name 
 Acquired on 
 Exercise (#) (1) 
 on Exercise ) (2) 
 
 Mark Duff 
 16,526 
 98,000 

(1) 
 On May 9, 2022, Mr. Duff exercised 100 of an ISO granted to
him on May 15, 2016 under the Company s 2010 Stock Option Plan for the purchase of up to 50,000 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at 3.97 per share. As permitted by the 2010 Stock Option Plan, Mr. Duff elected to pay the exercise price of the Option Shares
by having the Company withhold from the Option Shares a number of shares having a fair market value equal to the aggregate exercise price
of 198,500. Since the fair market value of the Company s Common Stock on May 9, 2022 (as determined in accordance with the 2010
Stock Option Plan) was 5.93 per share, the Company withheld 33,474 shares of Common Stock 198,500 divided by 5.93) to pay the aggregate
exercise price of the option and issued 16,526 shares to Mr. Duff. 

(2) 
 Realized value determined based on the difference between the
(a) exercise price 3.97) per share of the Option Shares multiplied by the 50,000 Option Shares exercised, and (b) the market value 5.93) on the date of exercise of the Option Shares times the 50,000 Option Shares exercised. 

90 

Employment
Agreements 

Each
of the NEOs entered into an employment agreement with the Company dated July 22, 2020 (each, an Employment Agreement and,
collectively, the Employment Agreements ). Each of the Employment Agreements, which are substantially identical, provides
for a specified annual base salary, which annual salary may be increased from time to time, but not reduced, as determined by the Compensation
Committee. In addition, each of the NEOs is entitled to participate in the Company s broad-based benefits plans and to certain
performance compensation payable under separate Management Incentive Plans MIPs as approved by the Company s Compensation
Committee and Board. The Company s Compensation Committee and the Board approved individual 2022 MIPs on January 20, 2022 (which
were effective January 1, 2022 and applicable for the 2022 fiscal year) for each of the executive officers (see discussion of each of
the 2022 MIPs below under 2022 MIPs ). 

Each
of the Employment Agreements is effective for three years from July 22, 2020 (the Initial Term unless earlier terminated
by the Company or by the respective NEO. At the end of the Initial Term of each Employment Agreement, each Employment Agreement will
automatically be extended for one additional year, unless at least six months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, the Company
or the respective NEO provides written notice not to extend the terms of the Employment Agreement. 

Each
of the Employment Agreements provides that, if an NEO s employment is terminated due to death/disability or for cause (as defined
in the agreements), the Company will pay to the NEO or to his estate an amount equal to the sum of any unpaid base salary, accrued unused
vacation time through the date of termination, any benefits due to the NEO under any employee benefit plan (the Accrued Amounts and any performance compensation payable pursuant to the MIP applicable to such NEO. 

If
the NEO terminates his employment for good reason (as defined in the agreements) or is terminated by the Company without
cause (including any such termination for good reason or without cause within 24 months after a Change in Control (as defined
in the agreements), the Company will pay the NEO the Accrued Amounts, (a) two years of full base salary, plus (b) (i) two times the performance
compensation (under the NEO s MIP) earned with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination provided
the performance compensation earned with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination has not yet been paid,
or (ii) if performance compensation earned with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination has already
been paid to the NEO, the NEO will be paid an additional year of the performance compensation earned with respect to the fiscal year
immediately preceding the date of termination. If the NEO terminates his employment for a reason other than for good reason, the Company
will pay to the executive an amount equal to the Accrued Amounts plus any performance compensation payable pursuant to the MIP applicable
to such NEO. 

If
there is a Change in Control (as defined in the agreements), all outstanding stock options to purchase the common stock held by the NEO
will immediately become exercisable in full commencing on the date of termination through the original term of the options. In the event
of the death of an NEO, all outstanding stock options to purchase common stock held by the NEO will immediately become exercisable in
full commencing on the date of death, with such options exercisable for the lesser of the original option term or twelve months from
the date of the NEO s death. In the event an NEO terminates his employment for good reason or is terminated by the
Company without cause, all outstanding stock options to purchase common stock held by the NEO will immediately become exercisable in
full commencing on the date of termination, with such options exercisable for the lesser of the original option term or within 60 days
from the date of the NEO s date of termination. Severance benefits payable with respect to a termination (other than Accrued Amounts)
shall not be payable until the termination constitutes a separation from service (as defined under Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-1(h)). 

91 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 

The
following table sets forth the potential (estimated) payments and benefits to which each NEO would be entitled upon termination of employment
by the NEO for good reason or by the Company without cause, or following a Change in Control of the Company,
as specified under each of their respective Employment Agreements with the Company, assuming each circumstance described below occurred
on December 31, 2022, the last day of our most recent fiscal year. Such potential payments include any Accrued Amounts (accrued base
salary earned for 2022 but paid in 2023, as well as accrued unused vacation/sick time and other vested benefits under the Company plans
in which he participates). The NEO is not entitled to payment of any benefits upon termination for cause or resignation without good
reason other than for Accrued Amounts. 

Name and Principal Position Potential Payment/Benefit 
 By Executive for Good Reason or by Company Without Cause 
 Change in Control of the Company 

Mark Duff 

President and CEO 

Base salary and Accrued Amounts 
 773,867 (1) 
 773,867 (1) 
 
 Performance compensation 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 
 Stock Options 
 9,500 (3) 
 9,500 (3) 

Ben Naccarato 

EVP and CFO 

Base salary and Accrued Amounts 
 668,286 (1) 
 668,286 (1) 
 
 Performance compensation 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 
 Stock Options 
 5,700 (3) 
 5,700 (3) 

Dr. Louis Centofanti 

EVP of Strategic Initiatives 

Base salary and Accrued Amounts 
 666,448 (1) 
 666,448 (1) 
 
 Performance compensation 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 
 Stock Options 
 5,700 (3) 
 5,700 (3) 

Andy Lombardo 

EVP of Nuclear and Technical Services 

Base salary and Accrued Amounts 
 624,667 (1) 
 624,667 (1) 
 
 Performance compensation 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 
 Stock Options 
 3,040 (3) 
 3,040 (3) 

Richard Grondin 

EVP of Waste Treatment Operations 

Base salary and Accrued Amounts 
 615,343 (1) 
 615,343 (1) 
 
 Performance compensation 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 
 Stock Options 
 3,800 (3) 
 3,800 (3) 

(1) Represents
 two times the base salary of the NEO at December 31, 2022 plus Accrued Amounts. 

(2) Represents
 two times the performance compensation earned for fiscal year 2022 which was 0 (see 2022
 MIPs below). 

(3) Benefit
 is calculated based on the difference between the exercise price of each option and the market
 value of the Company s Common Stock per share (as reported on the NASDAQ) at December
 31, 2022 times the number of options outstanding at December 31, 2022. Benefit excludes options
 which were out-of-the-money at December 31, 2022. 

2022
Executive Compensation Components 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the principal components of compensation for executive officers were: 

base
 salary; 
 
 performance-based
 incentive compensation; 
 
 long
 term incentive compensation; 
 
 retirement
 and other benefits; and 
 
 perquisites. 

Based
on the amounts set forth in the Summary Compensation table, during 2022, salary accounted for approximately 89.0 of the total compensation
of our NEOs, while equity option awards, MIP compensation, and other compensation accounted for approximately 11.0 of the total compensation
of the NEOs. 

92 

Base
Salary 

The
NEOs, other officers, and other employees of the Company receive a base annual salary. Base salary ranges for executive officers are
determined for each executive based on his or her position and responsibility by using market data and comparisons to similar companies
within the business segments in which the Company operates. 

During
its review of base salaries for executives, the Compensation Committee primarily considers: 

market
 data and comparisons to similar companies within the business segments in which the Company
 operates; 

internal
 review of the executive s compensation, both individually and relative to other officers;
 and 

individual
 performance of the executive. 

Salary
levels are typically considered annually as part of the performance review process as well as upon a promotion or other change in job
responsibility. Merit-based salary increases for executives are based on the Compensation Committee s assessment of the individual s
performance. The base salary and potential annual base salary adjustments for the NEOs are set forth in their respective employment agreements. 

Performance-Based
Incentive Compensation 

The
Compensation Committee has the latitude to design cash and equity-based incentive compensation programs to promote high performance and
achievement of our corporate objectives by directors and the NEOs, encourage the growth of stockholder value and enable employees to
participate in our long-term growth and profitability. The Compensation Committee may grant stock options and/or performance bonuses.
In granting these awards, the Compensation Committee may establish any conditions or restrictions it deems appropriate. In addition,
the CEO has discretionary authority to grant stock options to certain high-performing executives or officers, subject to the approval
of the Compensation Committee. The exercise price for each stock option granted is at or above the market price of our Common Stock on
the date of grant. Stock options may be awarded to newly hired or promoted executives at the discretion of the Compensation Committee.
Grants of stock options to eligible newly hired executive officers are generally made at the next regularly scheduled Compensation Committee
meeting following the hire date. 

2022
MIPs 

On
January 20, 2022, the Compensation Committee and the Board approved individual MIPs for the calendar year 2022 for each of the NEOs.
Each of the MIPs was effective January 1, 2022. 

The
performance compensation payable under each MIP was based upon meeting certain of the Company s separate target objectives during
2022 as described in each of the MIPs below. The Compensation Committee believes performance compensation payable under each of the MIPs
should be based on achievement of at least 75 of EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), a non-GAAP
financial measurement, as the Company believes that this target provides a better indicator of operating performance as it excludes certain
non-cash items. EBITDA has certain limitations as it does not reflect all items of income or cash flows that affect the Company s
financial performance under GAAP. No performance compensation was earned for each of the target objectives under any of the MIPs for
2022 since a minimum of 75 of the EBITDA target was not achieved. 

Certain
targets set forth in each of the 2022 MIPs took into account the Board-approved budget for 2022 as well as the Compensation Committee s
expectation for performance that in its estimation would warrant payment of incentive cash compensation. In formulating certain targets,
the Compensation Committee and the Board considered 2021 results, economic conditions, potential continued impact of COVID-19 and forecasts
for 2022 government spending. 

93 

Performance
compensation, if any, was to be paid on or about 90 days after year-end, or sooner, based on the Company s audited financial statements
included in the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC. The Compensation Committee retained the right to modify, change or terminate
each MIP and may adjust the various target amounts described below, at any time and for any reason. 

The
total performance compensation that was to be paid to the NEOs under the MIPs was not to exceed 50 of the Company s pre-tax net
income prior to the calculation of performance compensation. 

The
following schedules reflect performance compensation that was payable under each of the MIPs, along with a description of the target
objectives. As noted above, no performance compensation was earned under any of the MIPs for 2022 since a minimum of 75 of the EBITDA
target was not achieved. 

CEO
MIP : 

Annualized Base Pay: 
 374,870 
 
 Performance Incentive Compensation Target (at 100 of Plan): 
 187,435 
 
 Total Annual Target Compensation (at 100 of Plan): 
 562,305 

Perma-Fix Environmental Serivces, Inc. 
2022 Management Incentive Plan 
CEO MIP MATRIX 

Target
 Objectives 
 Performance
 Target Achieved 

75 -89 
 90 -110 
 111 -129 
 130 -150 
 >150 

Revenue
 (1) (6) 
 9,372 
 18,744 
 32,132 
 45,520 
 72,297 

EBITDA
 (2) 
 56,229 
 112,461 
 192,790 
 273,120 
 433,778 

Health
 Safety (3) (6) 
 14,058 
 28,115 
 28,115 
 28,115 
 28,115 

Permit
 License Violations (4) (6) 
 14,058 
 28,115 
 28,115 
 28,115 
 28,115 

93,717 
 187,435 
 281,152 
 374,870 
 562,305 

CFO MIP : 

Annualized
 Base Pay: 
 304,772 
 
 Performance
 Incentive Compensation Target (at 100 of Plan): 
 152,386 
 
 Total
 Annual Target Compensation (at 100 of Plan): 
 457,158 

Perma-Fix Environmental Serivces, Inc. 
2022 Management Incentive Plan 
CFO MIP MATRIX 

Target
 Objectives 
 Performance
 Target Achieved 

75 -89 
 90 -110 
 111 -129 
 130 -150 
 >150 

Revenue (1)
 (6) 
 7,619 
 15,239 
 25,035 
 33,743 
 40,273 

EBITDA (2) 
 57,146 
 114,289 
 150,209 
 202,455 
 241,641 

Health Safety (3)
 (6) 
 5,714 
 11,429 
 11,429 
 11,429 
 11,429 

Permit
 License Violations (4) (6) 
 5,714 
 11,429 
 11,429 
 11,429 
 11,429 

76,193 
 152,386 
 198,102 
 259,056 
 304,772 

EVP
of Strategic Initiatives MIP: 

Annualized
 Base Pay: 
 253,980 
 
 Performance
 Incentive Compensation Target (at 100 of Plan): 
 126,990 
 
 Total
 Annual Target Compensation (at 100 of Plan): 
 380,970 

94 

Perma-Fix Environmental Serivces, Inc. 
 2022 Management Incentive Plan 
 EVP OF STRATEGIC INITIATIVES MIP MATRIX 

Target
 Objectives 
 Performance
 Target Achieved 

75 -89 
 90 -110 
 111 -129 
 130 -150 
 >150 

Revenue
 (1) (6) 
 6,350 
 12,699 
 20,863 
 28,119 
 33,562 

EBITDA
 (2) 
 47,621 
 95,243 
 125,176 
 168,716 
 201,370 

Health
 Safety (3) (6) 
 4,762 
 9,524 
 9,524 
 9,524 
 9,524 

Permit
 License Violations (4) (6) 
 4,762 
 9,524 
 9,524 
 9,524 
 9,524 

63,495 
 126,990 
 165,087 
 215,883 
 253,980 

EVP
of Waste Treatment Operations MIP: 

Annualized
 Base Pay: 
 261,233 
 
 Performance
 Incentive Compensation Target (at 100 of Plan): 
 130,617 
 
 Total
 Annual Target Compensation (at 100 of Plan): 
 391,850 

Perma-Fix Environmental Serivces, Inc. 
 2022 Management Incentive Plan 
 EVP OF WASTE TREATMENT OPERATIONS MIP MATRIX 

Target
 Objectives 

Performance
 Target Achieved 

75 -89 
 
 90 -110 
 111 -129 
 130 -150 
 >150 

Revenue
 (1) (6) 

6,531 
 
 13,062 
 18,660 
 26,123 
 31,721 

EBITDA
 (2) 

39,185 
 
 78,371 
 111,958 
 156,741 
 190,328 

Health
 Safety (3) (6) 

9,796 
 
 19,592 
 19,592 
 19,592 
 19,592 

Permit
 License Violations (4) (6) 

9,796 
 
 19,592 
 19,592 
 19,592 
 19,592 

65,308 
 
 130,617 
 169,802 
 222,048 
 261,233 

EVP
of Nuclear and Technical Services MIP: 

Annualized
 Base Pay: 
 304,772 
 
 Performance
 Incentive Compensation Target (at 100 of Plan): 
 152,386 
 
 Total
 Annual Target Compensation (at 100 of Plan): 
 457,158 

95 

Perma-Fix Environmental Serivces, Inc. 
 2022 Management Incentive Plan 
 EVP OF NUCLEAR TECHNICAL SERVICES MIP MATRIX 

Target
 Objectives 
 Performance
 Target Achieved 

75 -89 
 90 -110 
 111 -129 
 130 -150 
 >150 

Revenue
 (1) (6) 
 7,619 
 15,239 
 21,769 
 30,477 
 37,008 

EBITDA
 (2) 
 45,716 
 91,431 
 130,617 
 182,863 
 222,048 

Health
 Safety (3) (6) 
 11,429 
 22,858 
 22,858 
 22,858 
 22,858 

Cost
 Performance Incentive (5) (6) 
 11,429 
 22,858 
 22,858 
 22,858 
 22,858 

76,193 
 152,386 
 198,102 
 259,056 
 304,772 

(1) Revenue
 was defined as the total consolidated third-party top line revenue as publicly reported in
 the Company s 2022 financial statements. The percentage achieved was determined by
 comparing the actual consolidated revenue for 2022 to the Board approved Revenue target for
 2022. 

(2) EBITDA
 was defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization from continuing
 and discontinued operations. The percentage achieved was determined by comparing the actual
 EBITDA to the Board approved EBITDA target for 2022. 

(3) The
 Health and Safety Incentive target was based upon the actual number of Worker s Compensation
 Lost Time Accidents in the Company s Services Segment, as provided by the Company s
 Worker s Compensation carrier. The Corporate Controller submitted a report on a quarterly
 basis documenting and confirming the number of Worker s Compensation Lost Time Accidents,
 supported by the Worker s Compensation Loss Report provided by the company s
 carrier or broker. Such claims were identified on the loss report as indemnity claims. 
 The following number of Worker s Compensation Lost Time Accidents and corresponding
 performance target thresholds was established for the annual Incentive Compensation Plan
 calculation for 2022. 

Work Comp. Claim Number 
 Performance Target Achieved 
 
 3 
 75 -89 
 
 2 
 90 -110 
 
 1 
 111 -129 
 
 1 
 130 -150 
 
 1 
 >150 

(4) Permits
 or License Violations incentive was earned/determined according to the scale set forth below:
 An official notice of non-compliance was defined as an official communication
 during 2022 from a local, state, or federal regulatory authority alleging one or more violations
 of an otherwise applicable Environmental, Health or Safety requirement or permit provision,
 which resulted in a facility s implementation of corrective action(s) which included
 a material financial obligation, as determined by the Company s Board of Directors
 in their sole discretion, to the Company. 

Permit and License Violations 
 Performance Target Achieved 
 
 3 
 75 -89 
 
 2 
 90 -110 
 
 1 
 111 -129 
 
 1 
 130 -150 
 
 1 
 >150 

(5) CPI
 incentive was earned/determined by maintaining project performance metrics for all Firm Fixed
 Price task orders and projects to include monitoring CPI based on recognized earned value
 calculations. As defined through monthly project reviews, all CPI metrics should exceed 1.0
 for Nuclear Services Projects. A cumulative CPI (CCPI) was calculated from all fixed cost
 contracts. The following CCPI and corresponding performance target thresholds were established
 for annual incentive compensation plan calculation for 2022. 

96 

CPI (if CCPI is) 
 Performance Target Achieved 
 
 0.75-0.89 
 75 -89 
 
 0.90-1.10 
 90 -110 
 
 1.11-1.29 
 111 -129 
 
 1.30-1.50 
 130 -150 
 
 >1.50 
 >150 

(6) No
 performance incentive compensation was payable for the target objective unless a minimum
 of 75 of the EBITDA target objective is achieved. 

2023
MIPs 

On
January 19, 2023, the Compensation Committee and the Board approved individual MIPs for the calendar year 2023 for each of the NEOs.
Each of the MIPs is effective January 1, 2023. 

The
performance compensation payable under each MIP is based upon meeting certain of the Company s separate target objectives during
2023 as described in each of the MIPs below, provided, however, no performance compensation will be paid for attaining any of the Company s
separate target objectives unless a minimum of 75 of the EBITDA target objective is achieved. 

Certain
targets set forth in each of the 2023 MIPs take into account the Board-approved budget for 2023 as well as the Compensation Committee s
expectation for performance that in its estimation would warrant payment of incentive cash compensation. In formulating certain targets,
the Compensation Committee and the Board considered 2022 results, economic conditions, potential continued impact of COVID-19 and forecasts
for 2023 government spending. 

Performance
compensation amounts under the 2023 MIPs are to be paid on or about 90 days after year-end, or sooner, based on finalization of our audited
financial statements for 2023. 

The
Compensation Committee retains the right to modify, change or terminate each MIP and may adjust the various target amounts described
below, at any time and for any reason. 

The
total to be paid to the NEOs under the MIPs shall not exceed 50 of the Company s pre-tax net income prior to the calculation of
performance compensation. 

The
following schedules reflect performance compensation payable under each of the MIPs, along with a description of the target objectives. 

CEO
MIP : 

Annualized
 Base Pay: 
 374,870 
 
 Performance
 Incentive Compensation Target (at 100 of Plan): 
 187,435 
 
 Total
 Annual Target Compensation (at 100 of Plan): 
 562,305 

97 

Perma-Fix Environmental Serivces, Inc. 2023 Management Incentive Plan CEO MIP MATRIX 

Target
 Objectives 
 Performance
 Target Achieved 

75 -89 
 90 -110 
 111 -129 
 130 -150 
 >150 

Revenue
 (1) (6) 
 9,372 
 18,744 
 32,132 
 45,520 
 72,297 

EBITDA
 (2) 
 56,229 
 112,461 
 192,790 
 273,120 
 433,778 

Health
 Safety (3) (6) 
 14,058 
 28,115 
 28,115 
 28,115 
 28,115 

Permit
 License Violations (4) (6) 
 14,058 
 28,115 
 28,115 
 28,115 
 28,115 

93,717 
 187,435 
 281,152 
 374,870 
 562,305 

CFO
MIP : 

Annualized
 Base Pay: 
 304,772 
 
 Performance
 Incentive Compensation Target (at 100 of Plan): 
 152,386 
 
 Total
 Annual Target Compensation (at 100 of Plan): 
 457,158 

Perma-Fix Environmental Serivces, Inc. 2023 Management Incentive Plan CFO MIP MATRIX 

Target
 Objectives 
 Performance
 Target Achieved 

75 -89 
 90 -110 
 111 -129 
 130 -150 
 >150 

Revenue
 (1) (6) 
 7,619 
 15,239 
 25,035 
 33,743 
 40,273 

EBITDA
 (2) 
 57,146 
 114,289 
 150,209 
 202,455 
 241,641 

Health
 Safety (3) (6) 
 5,714 
 11,429 
 11,429 
 11,429 
 11,429 

Permit
 License Violations (4) (6) 
 5,714 
 11,429 
 11,429 
 11,429 
 11,429 

76,193 
 152,386 
 198,102 
 259,056 
 304,772 

EVP
of Strategic Initiatives MIP: 

Annualized
 Base Pay: 
 253,980 
 
 Performance
 Incentive Compensation Target (at 100 of Plan): 
 126,990 
 
 Total
 Annual Target Compensation (at 100 of Plan): 
 380,970 

Perma-Fix
Environmental Serivces, Inc. 2023 Management Incentive Plan EVP OF STRATEGIC INITIATIVES MIP MATRIX 

Target
 Objectives 
 Performance
 Target Achieved 

75 -89 
 90 -110 
 111 -129 
 130 -150 
 >150 

Revenue
 (1) (6) 
 6,350 
 12,699 
 20,863 
 28,119 
 33,562 

EBITDA
 (2) 
 47,621 
 95,243 
 125,176 
 168,716 
 201,370 

Health
 Safety (3) (6) 
 4,762 
 9,524 
 9,524 
 9,524 
 9,524 

Permit
 License Violations (4) (6) 
 4,762 
 9,524 
 9,524 
 9,524 
 9,524 

63,495 
 126,990 
 165,087 
 215,883 
 253,980 

98 

EVP
of Waste Treatment Operations MIP: 

Annualized
 Base Pay: 
 261,233 
 
 Performance
 Incentive Compensation Target (at 100 of Plan): 
 130,617 
 
 Total
 Annual Target Compensation (at 100 of Plan): 
 391,850 

Perma-Fix
Environmental Serivces, Inc. 2023 Management Incentive Plan 

 EVP OF WASTE TREATMENT OPERATIONS MIP MATRIX 

Target
 Objectives 
 Performance
 Target Achieved 

75 -89 
 90 -110 
 111 -129 
 130 -150 
 >150 

Revenue
 (1) (6) 
 6,531 
 13,062 
 18,660 
 26,123 
 31,721 

EBITDA
 (2) 
 39,185 
 78,371 
 111,958 
 156,741 
 190,328 

Health
 Safety (3) (6) 
 9,796 
 19,592 
 19,592 
 19,592 
 19,592 

Permit
 License Violations (4) (6) 
 9,796 
 19,592 
 19,592 
 19,592 
 19,592 

65,308 
 130,617 
 169,802 
 222,048 
 261,233 

EVP
of Nuclear and Technical Services MIP: 

Annualized
 Base Pay: 
 304,772 
 
 Performance
 Incentive Compensation Target (at 100 of Plan): 
 152,386 
 
 Total
 Annual Target Compensation (at 100 of Plan): 
 457,158 

Perma-Fix
Environmental Serivces, Inc. 2023 Management Incentive Plan 

 EVP OF NUCLEAR TECHNICAL SERVICES MIP MATRIX 

Target
 Objectives 
 Performance
 Target Achieved 

75 -89 
 90 -110 
 111 -129 
 130 -150 
 >150 

Revenue
 (1) (6) 
 7,619 
 15,239 
 21,769 
 30,477 
 37,008 

EBITDA
 (2) 
 45,716 
 91,431 
 130,617 
 182,863 
 222,048 

Health
 Safety (3) (6) 
 11,429 
 22,858 
 22,858 
 22,858 
 22,858 

Cost
 Performance Incentive (5) (6) 
 11,429 
 22,858 
 22,858 
 22,858 
 22,858 

76,193 
 152,386 
 198,102 
 259,056 
 304,772 

(1) Revenue
 is defined as the total consolidated third-party top line revenue as publicly reported in
 the Company s 2023 financial statements. The percentage achieved is determined by comparing
 the actual consolidated revenue for 2023 to the Board approved Revenue target for 2023. 

(2) EBITDA
 is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization from continuing
 and discontinued operations. The percentage achieved is determined by comparing the actual
 EBITDA to the Board approved EBITDA target for 2023. 

(3) The
 Health and Safety Incentive target is based upon the actual number of Worker s Compensation
 Lost Time Accidents in the Company s Services Segment, as provided by the Company s
 Worker s Compensation carrier. The Corporate Controller will submit a report on a quarterly
 basis documenting and confirming the number of Worker s Compensation Lost Time Accidents,
 supported by the Worker s Compensation Loss Report provided by the company s
 carrier or broker. Such claims will be identified on the loss report as indemnity
 claims. The following number of Worker s Compensation Lost Time Accidents and
 corresponding performance target thresholds has been established for the annual Incentive
 Compensation Plan calculation for 2023. 

99 

Work
 Comp. Claim
 Number 
 Performance Target
 Achieved 
 
 3 
 75 -89 
 
 2 
 90 -110 
 
 1 
 111 -129 
 
 1 
 130 -150 
 
 1 
 >150 

(4) Permits
 or License Violations incentive is earned/determined according to the scale set forth below:
 An official notice of non-compliance is defined as an official communication
 during 2023 from a local, state, or federal regulatory authority alleging one or more violations
 of an otherwise applicable Environmental, Health or Safety requirement or permit provision,
 which results in a facility s implementation of corrective action(s) which includes
 a material financial obligation, as determined by the Company s Board of Directors
 in their sole discretion, to the Company. 

Permit
 and License Violations 
 Performance
 Target Achieved 
 
 3 
 75 -89 

2 
 90 -110 
 
 1 
 111 -129 

1 
 130 -150 

1 
 >150 

(5) CPI
 incentive is earned/determined by maintaining project performance metrics for all Firm Fixed
 Price task orders and projects to include monitoring CPI based on recognized earned value
 calculations. As defined through monthly project reviews, all CPI metrics should exceed 1.0
 for Nuclear Services Projects. A cumulative CPI (CCPI) will be calculated from all fixed
 cost contracts. The following CCPI and corresponding performance target thresholds have been
 established for annual incentive compensation plan calculation for 2023. 

CPI
 (if CCPI is) 
 Performance Target
 Achieved 
 
 0.75-0.89 
 75 -89 
 
 0.90-1.10 
 90 -110 
 
 1.11-1.29 
 111 -129 
 
 1.30-1.50 
 130 -150 

>1.50 
 >150 

(6) No
 performance incentive compensation will be payable for the target objective unless a minimum
 of 75 of the EBITDA target objective is achieved. 

100 

Long-Term
Incentive Compensation 

Employee
Stock Option Plans 

The
2017 Stock Option Plan 2017 Option Plan encourages participants to focus on long-term performance and provides an opportunity
for executive officers and certain designated key employees to increase their stake in the Company. Stock options succeed by delivering
value to executives only when the value of our stock increases. The 2017 Option Plan authorizes the grant of NQSOs and ISOs for the purchase
of our Common Stock. 

The
2017 Option Plan assists the Company to: 

enhance 
 the link between the creation of stockholder value and long-term executive incentive compensation; 

provide 
 an opportunity for increased equity ownership by executives; and 

maintain 
 competitive levels of total compensation; 

Stock
option award levels are determined based on market data, vary among participants based on their positions with the Company and are granted
generally at the Compensation Committee s regularly scheduled July or August meeting. Newly hired or promoted executive officers
who are eligible to receive options are generally awarded such options at the next regularly scheduled Compensation Committee meeting
following their hire or promotion date. 

Options
are awarded with an exercise price equal to or not less than the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on the date of the
grant as reported on the NASDAQ. In certain limited circumstances, the Compensation Committee may grant options to an executive at an
exercise price in excess of the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on the grant date. 

The
Company s NEOs have outstanding options from the Company s 2017 Plan (See Item 11 Executive Compensation 
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End - Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 for outstanding options for each
of our NEOs). On January 19, 2023, the Company s Board and Compensation Committee approved ISO for each of the Company s
executive officers for the purchase set forth in his respective ISO Agreement, as follows: 70,000 shares for the CEO; 40,000 shares for
the CFO; 30,000 shares for the EVP of Strategic Initiatives; 30,000 shares for the EVP of Waste Treatment Operations; and 30,000 shares
for the EVP of Nuclear and Technical Services. Each of the ISOs granted has a contractual term of six years with one-fifth yearly vesting
over a five-year period. The exercise price of the ISO is 3.95 per share, which was equal to the fair market value of the Company s
Common Stock on the date of grant. 

In
cases of termination of an executive officer s employment due to death, by the executive for good reason, by the
Company without cause, and due to a change of control, all outstanding stock options to purchase common stock held by the
executive officer will immediately become exercisable in full (see further discussion of the exercisability term of these options in
each of these circumstances in EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Employment Agreements ). Otherwise, vesting of option awards
ceases upon termination of employment and exercise right of the vested option amount ceases upon three months from termination of employment
except in the case of retirement (subject to a six-month limitation) and disability (subject to a one-year limitation). 

Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation 

We
account for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. ASC 718 establishes
accounting standards for entity exchanges of equity instruments for goods or services. It also addresses transactions in which an entity
incurs liabilities in exchange for goods or services that are based on the fair value of the entity s equity instruments or that
may be settled by the issuance of those equity instruments. ASC 718 requires all stock-based payments to employees, including grants
of employee stock options, to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model to determine the fair-value of stock-based awards which requires subjective assumptions. Assumptions used to estimate the fair
value of stock options granted include the exercise price of the award, the expected term, the expected volatility of the Company s
stock over the option s expected term, the risk-free interest rate over the option s expected term, and the expected annual
dividend yield. We recognize stock-based compensation expense using a straight-line amortization method over the requisite period, which
is the vesting period of the stock option grant. 

101 

Retirement
and Other Benefits 

401(k)
Plan 

The
Company adopted the Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. 401(k) Plan (the 401(k) Plan in 1992, which is intended to
comply with Section 401 of the Internal Revenue Code and the provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. All full-time
employees who have attained the age of 18 are eligible to participate in the 401(k) Plan. Eligibility is immediate upon employment but
enrollment is only allowed during four quarterly open periods of January 1, Apri1 1, July 1, and October 1. Participating employees may
make annual pretax contributions to their accounts up to 100 of their compensation, up to a maximum amount as limited by law. At our
discretion, we may make matching contributions based on the employee s elective contributions. Company contributions vest over
a period of five years. In 2022, the Company contributed approximately 575,000 in 401(k) matching funds, of which approximately 31,000
was for our NEOs (see the Summary Compensation table in this section for 401(k) matching fund contributions made for the
NEOs for 2022). 

Perquisites
and Other Personal Benefits 

The
Company provides executive officers with limited perquisites and other personal benefits (health/disability/life insurance) that the
Company and the Compensation Committee believe are reasonable and consistent with its overall compensation program to better enable the
Company to attract and retain superior employees for key positions. The Compensation Committee periodically reviews the levels of perquisites
and other personal benefits provided to executive officers. The executive officers are provided an auto allowance. 

Compensation
of Directors 

Directors
who are employees receive no additional compensation for serving on the Board or its committee(s). In 2022, the Company provided the
following annual compensation to each non-employee director and the committee(s) for which he/she serves: 

a
 quarterly fee of 11,500; 

an
 additional quarterly fee of 8,750 to the Chairman of the Board; 

an
 additional quarterly fee of 6,250 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee; 

an
 additional quarterly fee of 3,125 to the Chairman of each of the Compensation Committee, the Governance and Nominating Committee,
 and the Strategic Committee. The Chairman of the Board was not eligible to receive a quarterly fee for serving as the Chairman of any
 the aforementioned committees; 

an
 additional 1,250 to each Audit Committee member (excluding the Chairman of the Audit Committee); 

an
 additional quarterly fee of 500 to each member of the Compensation Committee, the Governance and Nominating Committee, and the Strategic
 Committee. Such fee was payable only if the member did not also serve as the Chairman of any other standing committees or as the Chairman
 of the Board; and 

a
 fee of 1,000 for each in-person board meeting attended and a 500 fee for meeting attendance
 via conference call; 

Each
director may elect to have either 65 or 100 of such fees payable in Common Stock under the 2003 Outside Directors Stock Plan 2003
Outside Directors Plan ), with the balance, if any, payable in cash. 

102 

Each
non-employee director was also granted an option to purchase 10,000 shares of Common Stock upon reelection with vesting period of 25 
per year, beginning on the first anniversary date of the grant, with each option having a 10-year term. 

Dr.
Louis Centofanti, a current member of the Board, is not eligible to receive compensation for his service as a director of the Company
as he is an employee of the Company (see Summary Compensation table in this section for Dr. Centofanti s annual salary
and other compensation as an employee of the Company). 

The
table below summarizes the director compensation expenses recognized by the Company for director options and stock awards (resulting
from fees earned) for the year ended December 31, 2022. The terms of the 2003 Outside Directors Plan are further described below under
 2003 Outside Directors Plan. 

Director
Compensation 

Name 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid In Cash 
 Stock
 Awards 
 Option
 Awards 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 

)(1) 
 ) (2) 
 ) (4) 
 )
 
 ) 
 )
 
 )

Thomas
 P. Bostick 
 
 68,664 
 36,100 (3) 

104,764 
 
 Kerry
 C. Duggan 
 18,550 
 45,935 
 36,100 (3) 

100,585 
 
 Joseph
 T. Grumski 
 
 89,999 
 36,100 (3) 

126,099 
 
 Joe
 R. Reeder 
 
 82,663 
 36,100 (3) 

118,763 
 
 Larry
 M. Shelton 
 31,500 
 77,999 
 36,100 (3) 

145,599 
 
 Zach
 P. Wamp 
 18,725 
 46,369 
 36,100 (3) 

101,194 
 
 Mark
 A. Zwecker 
 26,250 
 65,000 
 36,100 (3) 

127,350 

(1) Under
 the 2003 Outside Directors Plan, each director elects to receive 65 or 100 of the director s
 fees in shares of our Common Stock. The amounts set forth above represent the portion of
 the director s fees paid in cash and exclude the value of the director s fee
 elected to be paid in Common Stock under the 2003 Outside Directors Plan, which values are
 included under Stock Awards. 

(2) The
 number of shares of Common Stock comprising stock awards granted under the 2003 Outside Directors
 Plan is calculated based on 75 of the closing market value of the Common Stock as reported
 on the NASDAQ on the business day immediately preceding the date that the quarterly fee is
 due. Such shares are fully vested on the date of grant. The value of the stock award is based
 on the market value of our Common Stock at each quarter end times the number of shares issuable
 under the award. The amount shown is the fair value of the Common Stock on the date of the
 award. 

(3) Reflects
 options granted under the Company s 2003 Outside Directors Plan resulting from re-election
 to the Board on July 21, 2022. Options are for a 10-year period with an exercise price of
 5.15 per share and vest 25 per year, beginning on the first anniversary date of the grant.
 The value of the option award for each outside director is calculated based on the fair value
 of the option per share (approximately 3.61) on the date of grant times the number of options
 granted, which was 10,000 for each director, pursuant to ASC 718, Compensation 
 Stock Compensation. . 

(4) The
 following table reflects the aggregate number of outstanding NQSO held by the Company s
 directors at December 31, 2022. As an employee of the Company or its subsidiaries, Dr. Centofanti
 is not eligible to participate in the 2003 Outside Directors Plan. Options reflected below
 for Dr. Centofanti were granted from the 2017 Plan as discussed previously: 

Name 
 Options Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 Dr. Louis Centofanti 
 85,000 
 
 Thomas P. Bostick 
 26,000 
 
 Kerry C. Duggan 
 26,000 
 
 Joseph T. Grumski 
 28,400 
 
 Joe R. Reeder 
 39,200 
 
 Larry M. Shelton 
 39,200 
 
 Zach P. Wamp 
 33,200 
 
 Mark A. Zwecker 
 39,200 
 
 Total 
 316,200 

103 

2003
Outside Directors Plan 

We
believe that it is important for our directors to have a personal interest in our success and growth and for their interests to be aligned
with those of our stockholders; therefore, under our 2003 Outside Directors Plan, each outside director is granted a 10-year NQSO to
purchase up to 20,000 shares of Common Stock on the date such director is initially elected to the Board, and receives on each re-election
date a NQSO to purchase up to another 10,000 shares of our Common Stock, with the exercise price being the fair market value of the Common
Stock preceding the option grant date. Common Stock shares subject to option granted vest at 25 per year, beginning on the first anniversary
date of the grant and no option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date the option is granted. At December
31, 2022, options to purchase 262,400 shares of Common Stock were outstanding under the 2003 Outside Directors Plan, of which 139,900
were vested at December 31, 2022. 

As
a member of the Board, each director may elect to receive either 65 or 100 of his director s fee in shares of our Common Stock.
The number of shares received by each director is calculated based on 75 of the fair market value of the Common Stock determined on
the business day immediately preceding the date that the quarterly fee is due. The balance of each director s fee, if any, is payable
in cash. In 2022, the fees earned by our outside directors totaled approximately 572,000. 

In
the event of a change of control (as defined in the 2003 Outside Directors Plan), each outstanding stock option and stock
award shall immediately become exercisable in full notwithstanding the vesting or exercise provisions contained in the stock option agreement. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

The
table below sets forth information as to the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned as of February 14, 2023 by each person known by
us to be the beneficial owners of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Title Of Class 
 Amount and Nature of Ownership 
 Percent Of Class (1) 
 
 Heartland Advisors, Inc. (2) 
 Common 
 1,110,500 
 8.3 

(1)
 The number of shares and the percentage of outstanding Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by a person are based upon 13,358,075
shares of Common Stock outstanding on February 14, 2023, and the number of shares of Common Stock which such person has the right to
acquire beneficial ownership of within 60 days. Beneficial ownership by our stockholders has been determined in accordance with the rules
promulgated under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. 

(2)
 This information is based on the Schedule 13D of Heartland Advisors, Inc., an investment advisor, filed with the Commission on
January 10, 2023, disclosing that at December 31, 2022, each of Heartland Advisors, Inc., Heartland Holdings, Inc. and Mr. William Nasgovitz,
as a control person of Heartland Advisors, Inc., had shared dispositive power over all shares shown above and shared voting power over
1,015,500 of such shares. The address of Heartland Advisors, Inc. is 790 North Water Street, Milwaukee, WI 53202. 

104 

Additionally,
Schelhammer Capital Bank AG, a banking institution regulated by the banking regulations of Austria, has represented to the Company that
as of February 1, 2023, it holds of record as a nominee for, and as an agent of, certain accredited investors, 1,897,794 shares of our
Common Stock. None of the Common Stock held by Schelhammer Capital Bank AG for the account of any single investor represents more than
4.9 of our Common Stock and, to the best knowledge of Schelhammer Capital Bank AG, as far as stocks held by such investors in accounts
with Schelhammer Capital Bank AG, none of such investors act together as a group or otherwise act in concert for the purpose of voting
on matters subject to the vote of our stockholders or for purpose of disposition or investment of such stock. Additionally, the investors
for whom Schelhammer Capital Bank AG acts as nominee with respect to such shares maintain full voting and dispositive power over the
Common Stock beneficially owned by such investors, and Schelhammer Capital Bank AG has neither voting nor investment power over such
shares. Accordingly, Schelhammer Capital Bank AG believes that (i) it is not the beneficial owner, as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3
of the Exchange Act, of the shares of Common Stock registered in Schelhammer Capital Bank AG s name because (a) Schelhammer Capital
Bank AG holds the Common Stock as a nominee only, (b) Schelhammer Capital Bank AG has neither voting nor investment power over such shares,
and (c) Schelhammer Capital Bank AG has not nominated or sought to nominate, and does not intend to nominate in the future, any person
to serve as a member of our Board; and (ii) it is not required to file reports under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or to file either
Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G in connection with the shares of our Common Stock registered in the name of Schelhammer Capital Bank AG. 

Notwithstanding
the previous paragraph, if Schelhammer Capital Bank AG s representations to us described above are incorrect or if the investors
for whom Schelhammer Capital Bank AG acts as nominee are acting as a group, then Schelhammer Capital Bank AG or a group of such investors
could be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our voting securities. If Schelhammer Capital Bank AG was deemed the beneficial owner
of such shares, the following table sets forth information as to the shares of voting securities that Schelhammer Capital Bank AG may
be considered to beneficially own on February 1, 2023: 

Name of Record Owner 
 Title Of Class 
 Amount and Nature of Ownership 
 Percent Of Class ) 
 
 Schelhammer Capital Bank AG 
 Common 
 1,897,794 (+) 
 14.2 

)
 This calculation is based upon 13,358,75 shares of Common Stock outstanding on February 14, 2023, plus the number of shares of
Common Stock which Schelhammer Capital Bank AG, as agent for certain accredited investors has the right to acquire within 60 days, which
is none. 

(+)
 This amount is the number of shares that Schelhammer Capital Bank AG has represented to us that it holds of record as nominee for,
and as an agent of, certain accredited investors. As of February 1, 2023, the date of Schelhammer Capital Bank AG s representations
to us, Schelhammer Capital Bank AG has no warrants or options to acquire, as agent for certain investors, additional shares of our Common
Stock. Although Schelhammer Capital Bank AG is the record holder of the shares of Common Stock described in this note, Schelhammer Capital
Bank AG has advised us that it does not believe it is a beneficial owner of the Common Stock or that it is required to file reports under
Section 16(a) or Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. Schelhammer Capital Bank AG has advised us that it (a) holds the Common Stock as
a nominee only and that it does not exercise voting or investment power over the Common Stock held in its name and that no one investor
for which it holds our Common Stock holds more than 4.9 of our issued and outstanding Common Stock and (b) has not nominated, and has
not sought to nominate, and does not intend to nominate in the future, any person to serve as a member of our Board. Accordingly, we
do not believe that Schelhammer Capital Bank AG is our affiliate. Schelhammer Capital Bank AG s address is Goldschmiedgasse 3,
A-1010 Wien, Austria. 

105 

Security
Ownership of Management 

The
following table sets forth information as to the shares of voting securities beneficially owned as of February 14, 2023, by each of our
directors and NEOs and by all of our directors and NEOs as a group. Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with the rules
promulgated under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. A person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of any voting securities for which that
person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner (2) 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Percent
 of Class (1) 
 
 Thomas
 P. Bostick (3) 
 36,548 (3) 

Kerry
 C. Duggan (4) 
 23,115 (4) 

Dr.
 Louis F. Centofanti (5) 
 303,025 (5) 
 2.26 
 
 Joseph
 T. Grumski (6) 
 50,910 (6) 

Joe
 R. Reeder (7) 
 246,483 (7) 
 1.84 
 
 Larry
 M. Shelton (8) 
 179,087 (8) 
 1.34 
 
 Zack
 P. Wamp (9) 
 53,420 (9) 

Mark
 A. Zwecker (10) 
 237,893 (10) 
 1.78 
 
 Mark
 Duff (11) 
 170,984 (11) 
 1.27 
 
 Richard
 Grondin (12) 
 34,036 (12) 

Andy
 Lombardo (13) 
 29,900 (13) 

Ben
 Naccarato (14) 
 71,393 (14) 

Directors
 and Executive Officers as a Group (12 persons) 
 1,436,794 (15) 
 10.42 

Indicates
beneficial ownership of less than one percent (1 ). 

(1)
 See footnote (1) of the table under Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners. 

(2) The business address of each person, for the purposes hereof, is c/o Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., 8302 Dunwoody Place, Suite 250, Atlanta, Georgia 30350. 

(3)
 Mr. Bostick has sole and voting and investment power over all shares shown, which include: (i) 28,048 shares of Common Stock held
of record by Mr. Bostick, and (ii) immediately exercisable options to purchase 8,500 shares. 

(4)
 Ms. Duggan has sole and voting and investment power over all shares shown, which include: (i) 14,615 shares of Common Stock held
of record by Ms. Duggan, and (ii) immediately exercisable options to purchase 8,500 shares. 

(5) These shares include (i) 174,225 shares held of record by Dr. Centofanti, (ii) immediately exercisable options to purchase 66,000 shares, and (iii) 62,800 shares held by Dr. Centofanti s wife. Dr. Centofanti has sole voting and investment power over all such shares, except for the shares held by Dr. Centofanti s wife, over which Dr. Centofanti shares voting and investment power. 

(6)
 Mr. Grumski has sole and voting and investment power over all shares shown, which include: (i) 40,010 shares of Common Stock held
of record by Mr. Grumski, and (ii) immediately exercisable options to purchase 10,900 shares. 

(7)
 Mr. Reeder has sole voting and investment power over all shares shown, which include: (i) 224,783 shares of Common Stock held of
record by Mr. Reeder, and (ii) immediately exercisable options to purchase 21,700 shares. 

(8)
 Mr. Shelton has sole voting and investment power over all shares shown, which include: (i) 157,387 shares of Common Stock held
of record by Mr. Shelton, and (ii) immediately exercisable options to purchase 21,700 shares. 

(9) Mr. Wamp has sole voting and investment power over all shares shown, which include: (i) 37,720 shares of Common Stock held of record by Mr. Wamp, and (ii) immediately exercisable options to purchase 15,700 shares. 

106 

(10)
 Mr. Zwecker has sole voting and investment power over all shares shown, which include: (i) 216,193 shares of Common Stock held
of record by Mr. Zwecker, and (ii) immediately exercisable options to purchase 21,700 shares. 

(11)
 Mr. Duff has sole voting and investment power over all shares shown, which include: (i) 40,984 shares of Common Stock held of record
by Mr. Duff, and (ii) immediately exercisable options to purchase 130,000 shares. 

(12) Mr. Grondin has sole voting and investment power over all shares shown, which include: (i) 1,036 shares of Common Stock held of record by Mr. Grondin, and (ii) immediately exercisable options to purchase 33,000 shares. 

(13) Mr. Lombardo has sole voting and investment power over all shares shown, which include: (i) 6,900 shares of Common Stock held of record by Mr. Lombardo, and (ii) immediately exercisable options to purchase 23,000 shares. 

(14) Mr. Naccarato has sole voting and investment power over all shares shown, which include: (i) 4,393 shares of Common Stock held of record by Mr. Naccarato, and (ii) immediately exercisable options to purchase 67,000 shares. 

(15) Amount includes 427,700 immediately exercisable options. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to our equity compensation plans. 

Equity
 Compensation Plan 
 
 Plan
 Category 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options warrants and rights 
 Weighted
 average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected
 in column (a) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by stockholders 
 1,018,400 
 5.02 
 801,534 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by stockholders 

Total 
 1,018,400 
 5.02 
 801,534 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

We
describe below transactions to which we were a party during our last two fiscal years or to which we currently propose to be a party
in the future, and in which: 

the
 amounts involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average
 of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years; and 
 
 any
 of our directors, executive officers or beneficial owners of more than 5 of any class of
 our voting securities, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons, had
 or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

107 

Audit
Committee Review 

Our
Audit Committee Charter provides for the review by the Audit Committee of any related party transactions, other than transactions involving
an employment relationship with the Company, which are reviewed by the Compensation Committee. Although we do not have written policies
for the review of related party transactions, the Audit Committee reviews transactions between the Company and its directors, executive
officers, holders of more than 5 of any class of the Company s voting securities, and their respective immediate family members.
In reviewing a proposed transaction, the Audit Committee takes into account, among other factors it deems appropriate: 

(1) the
 extent of the related person s interest in the transaction; 
 
 (2) whether
 the transaction is on terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-party under the
 same or similar circumstances; 
 
 (3) the
 cost and benefit to the Company; 
 
 (4) the
 impact or potential impact on a director s independence in the event the related party
 is a director, an immediate family member of a director or an entity in which a director
 is a partner, stockholder or executive officer; 
 
 (5) the
 availability of other sources for comparable products or services; 
 
 (6) the
 terms of the transaction; and 
 
 (7) the
 risks to the Company. 

In
addition, as applicable, the Audit Committee considers Section 144 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL and the
Company s Code of Ethics. 

The
provisions of Section 144 of the DGCL apply to transactions between the Company and any of its officers or directors, or any organization
in which any such individual has a financial interest or serves as a director or officer (individually, a Section 144 Related
Party, and, collectively, Section 144 Related Parties ). Section 144 provides that a transaction between a corporation
and any Section 144 Related Party will not be void or voidable solely because such transaction involves the corporation and the Section
144 Related Party, or solely because the Section 144 Related Party is present at or participates or votes in the meeting of the board
or committee which authorizes the transaction, if the transaction (a) is approved in good faith after full disclosure of the material
facts of the transaction by a majority vote of (i) the disinterested directors, or (ii) the stockholders, and (b) is fair as to the corporation
as of the time it is authorized, approved, or ratified by the board, a committee or the stockholders. 

Our
Code of Ethics, which applies to our Board and all our employees, including the executive officers identified under the heading Named
Executive Officers and our senior financial officers, provide that such individuals must exhibit and promote honest and ethical
conduct in connection with the performance of his or her duties for and on behalf of the Company, including the ethical handling of actual
or apparent conflicts of interest involving such individual and the Company, by, among other considerations: 

not
 entering into a transaction that would result in a conflict of interest with what is in the
 best interest of the Company and that is reasonably likely to result in material personal
 gain to any such individuals or their affiliates; 
 
 not
 having a personal financial interest in any of the Company s suppliers, customers or
 competitors that could cause divided loyalty as a result of having the ability to influence
 the Company s decisions with that particular supplier or customer or actions to be
 taken by the Company that could materially benefit a competitor. 

Related
party transactions are reviewed by the Audit Committee prior to the consummation of the transaction. With respect to a related party
transaction arising between Audit Committee meetings, the CFO may present it to the Audit Committee Chairperson, who will review and
may approve the related party transaction subject to ratification by the Audit Committee at the next scheduled meeting. Our Audit Committee
shall approve only those transactions that, in light of known circumstances, are not inconsistent with the Company s best interests. 

108 

Related
Party Transactions 

David
Centofanti 

David
Centofanti serves as our Vice President of Information Systems. For such position, he received annual compensation of 187,000 and 184,000
for 2022 and 2021, respectively. David Centofanti is the son of Dr. Louis F. Centofanti, our EVP of Strategic Initiatives and a Board
member. 

Board
Independence 

Our
Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules requires a majority of a listed company s
board of directors to be comprised of independent directors. In addition, the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules require that, subject to specified
exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees be independent
under applicable provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Audit committee members
must also satisfy independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, and compensation committee members must also
satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act. Under Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2), a director will only
qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of our Board, that person does not have a relationship that would
interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In order to be considered independent
for purposes of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her
capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors, or any other board committee, accept, directly or indirectly, any
consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries or otherwise be an affiliated person
of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. In order to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10C-1, the board must consider,
for each member of a compensation committee of a listed company, all factors specifically relevant to determining whether a director
has a relationship to such company which is material to that director s ability to be independent from management in connection
with the duties of a compensation committee member, including, but not limited to: the source of compensation of the director, including
any consulting advisory or other compensatory fee paid by such company to the director; and whether the director is affiliated with the
company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 

Our
Board annually undertakes a review of the composition of our Board of Directors and its committees and the independence of each director.
Based upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning his background, employment and affiliations, including
family relationships, our Board of Directors has determined that Ms. Kerry C. Duggan and each of Messrs. Thomas P. Bostick, Joseph T.
Grumski, Joe R. Reeder, Larry M. Shelton, Zach P. Wamp and Mark A. Zwecker is an independent director as defined under
the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. Our Board of Directors has also determined that each member of our Audit Committee, consisting of Mark
A. Zwecker (Chairperson), Joseph T. Grumski, and Larry M. Shelton, and each member of our Compensation Committee, consisting of Joseph
T. Grumski (Chairperson), Zach P. Wamp and Mark A. Zwecker satisfy the independence standards for such committees established by the
Commission and the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, as applicable. In making such determination, our Board of Directors considered the relationships
that each such non-employee director has with our Company and all other facts and circumstances our Board of Directors deemed relevant
in determining independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director. 

Our
Board of Directors has determined that Dr. Centofanti is not deemed to be an independent director because of his employment
as a senior executive of the Company. 

109 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table reflects the aggregate fees for the audit and other services provided by Grant Thornton LLP, the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm, for fiscal years 2022 and 2021: 

Fee Type 
 2022 
 2021 

Audit Fees (1) 
 743,000 
 968,000 

Tax Fees (2) 
 113,000 
 146,000 

Total 
 856,000 
 1,114,000 

(1)
 Audit fees consist of audit work performed in connection with the annual financial statements, the reviews of unaudited quarterly
financial statements, and work generally only the independent registered accounting firm can reasonably provide, such as consents and
review of regulatory documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Audit fees for 2021 included work performed for attestation
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

(2)
 Fees for income tax planning, filing, and consulting. 

Engagement
of the Independent Auditor 

To
ensure that our independent registered public accounting firm is engaged only to provide audit and non-audit services that are compatible
with maintaining its independence, the Audit Committee has a policy that requires the Committee to review and approve in advance all
services to be provided by the Company s independent accounting firm before the firm is engaged to provide those services. The
Audit Committee considers non-audit services and fees when assessing auditor independence, and determined that tax return preparation
and other tax compliance services is compatible with maintaining our accounting firm s independence. All services under the headings
Audit Fees and Tax Fees were approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X of the
Exchange Act. The Audit Committee s pre-approval policy provides as follows: 

The
 Audit Committee will review and pre-approve on an annual basis all audits, audit-related, tax and other services, along with acceptable
 cost levels, to be performed by the independent accounting firm and any member of the independent accounting firm s alliance
 network of firms, and may revise the pre-approved services during the period based on later determinations. Pre-approved services
 typically include: audits, quarterly reviews, regulatory filing requirements, consultation on new accounting and disclosure standards,
 employee benefit plan audits, reviews and reporting on management s internal controls and specified tax matters. 

Any
 proposed service that is not pre-approved on the annual basis requires a specific pre-approval by the Audit Committee, including
 cost level approval. 

The
 Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of the Audit Committee members. The delegated member must report
 to the Audit Committee, at the next Audit Committee meeting, any pre-approval decisions made. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

The
following documents are filed as a part of this report: 

(a)(1) 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

See
 Item 8 for the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(a)(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedule 

Schedules
 are not required, are not applicable or the information is set forth in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

(a)(3) 
 Exhibits 

The
 Exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this report. 

110 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Perma-Fix
Environmental Services, Inc. 

By 
 /s/
 Mark Duff 
 
 Date 
 March
 23, 2023 

Mark
 Duff 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President and 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

By 
 /s/
 Ben Naccarato 
 
 Date 
 March
 23, 2023 

Ben
 Naccarato 

Chief
 Financial Officer and 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By 
 /s/
 Thomas P. Bostick 
 
 Date 
 March
 23, 2023 

Thomas
 P. Bostick, Director 

By 
 /s/
 Kerry C. Duggan 
 
 Date 
 March
 23, 2023 

Kerry
 C. Duggan, Director 

By 
 /s/
 Dr. Louis F. Centofanti 
 
 Date 
 March
 23, 2023 

Dr.
 Louis F. Centofanti, Director 

By 
 /s/Joseph
 T. Grumski 
 
 Date 
 March
 23, 2023 

Joseph
 T. Grumski 

By 
 /s/
 Joe R. Reeder 
 
 Date 
 March
 23, 2023 

Joe
 R. Reeder, Director 

By 
 /s/
 Larry M. Shelton 
 
 Date 
 March
 23, 2023 

Larry
 M. Shelton, Chairman of the Board 

By 
 /s/
 Zach P. Wamp 
 
 Date 
 March
 23, 2023 

Zach
 P. Wamp, Director 

By 
 /s/
 Mark A. Zwecker 
 
 Date 
 March
 23, 2023 

Mark
 A. Zwecker, Director 

111 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

3(i) 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3(i) to the Company s Form 10-Q for Quarter ended March 31, 2021filed on May 6, 2021. 
 
 3(ii) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended effective January 21, 2021, of Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3(ii) to the Company s 8-K filed on January 26, 2021. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement dated August 29, 2022, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2022. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Revised Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement referenced as Annex A in the Fifth Amendment, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2022. 
 
 4.3 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement dated March 21, 2023, between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated April 1, 2019 for Robert L. Ferguson, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.16 to the Company s 2018 Form 10-K filed on April 1, 2019. 
 
 10.1 
 
 2003 Outside Directors Stock Plan of the Company, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s 2019 Form 10-K filed on March 20, 2020. 
 
 10.2 
 
 First Amendment to 2003 Outside Directors Stock Plan, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s 2019 Form 10-K filed on March 20, 2020. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Second Amendment to 2003 Outside Directors Stock Plan, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s 2017 Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2018. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Third Amendment to 2003 Outside Directors Stock Plan, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s 2017 Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2018. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Fourth Amendment to 2003 Outside Directors Stock Plan, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit A to the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on June 22, 2017. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Fifth Amendment to 2003 Outside Directors Stock Plan, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit A to the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on June 10, 2021. 
 
 10.7 
 
 2017 Stock Option Plan, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit B to the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on June 22, 2017. 
 
 10.8 
 
 First Amendment to 2017 Stock Option Plan, as incorporated by reference from Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on June 12, 2020. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement dated July 22, 2020 between Mark Duff, Chief Executive Officer, and Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2020. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement dated July 22, 2020 between Dr. Louis Centofanti, Executive Vice President of Strategic Initiatives, and Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2020. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Employment Agreement dated July 22, 2020 between Ben Naccarato, Chief Financial Officer, and Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2020. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Employment Agreement dated July 22, 2020 between Andy Lombardo, EVP of Nuclear and Technical Services, Inc. and Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2020. 

112 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement dated July 22, 2020 between Richard Grondin, EVP of Waste Treatment Operations and Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.5 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2020. 
 
 10.14 
 
 2023 Incentive Compensation Plan for Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1, 2023, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023. CERTAIN INFORMATION WITHIN THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 
 10.15 
 
 2023 Incentive Compensation Plan for Chief Financial Officer, effective January 1, 2023, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023. CERTAIN INFORMATION WITHIN THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 
 10.16 
 
 2023 Incentive Compensation Plan for Executive Vice President of Strategic Initiatives, effective January 1, 2023, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023. CERTAIN INFORMATION WITHIN THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 
 10.17 
 
 2023 Incentive Compensation Plan for Executive Vice President of Nuclear and Technical Services, effective January 1, 2023, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023. CERTAIN INFORMATION WITHIN THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 
 10.18 
 
 2023 Incentive Compensation Plan for Executive Vice President of Waste Treatment Operations, effective January 1, 2023, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.5 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 23. CERTAIN INFORMATION WITHIN THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LLIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 
 10.19 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement dated July 27, 2017 between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., and Chief Executive Officer, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2017. 
 
 10.20 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement dated July 27, 2017 between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., and Executive Vice President/Chief Operating Officer, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2017. 
 
 10.21 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement dated July 27, 2017 between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., and Chief Financial Officer, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2017. 
 
 10.22 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement dated January 17, 2019 between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., and Chief Executive Officer, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2019. 
 
 10.23 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement dated January 17, 2019 between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., and Chief Financial Officer, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.5 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2019. 
 
 10.24 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement dated January 17, 2019 between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., and EVP of Strategic Initiatives, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.6 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2019. 
 
 10.25 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement dated October 19, 2017 between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., and Richard Grondin, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.11 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2020. 
 
 10.26 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement dated January 17, 2019 between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., and Richard Grondin, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.12 to the Company s Form 8-K filed July 27, 2020. 

113 

10.27 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated July 27, 2017 between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc., and Mr. Robert L. Ferguson, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s second quarter Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2017. 
 
 10.28 
 
 First Amendment to Stock Option Agreement dated July 27, 2017 between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and Mr. Robert L. Ferguson, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.23 to the Company 2018 Form 10-K filed on April 1, 2019. 
 
 10.29 
 
 Second Amendment to Stock Option Agreement dated July 27, 2017 between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and Mr. Robert L. Ferguson, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.3 to the Company Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2020. 
 
 10.30 
 
 Third Amendment to Stock Option Agreement dated July 27, 2017 between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and Mr. Robert L. Ferguson, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.4 to the Company Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2022. 
 
 10.31 
 
 Task Order Agreement for Small Scales Remediation Package between Canadian Nuclear Laboratories LTD and Perma-Fix Canada Inc., as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 filed on May 9, 2019. CERTAIN INFORMATION WITHIN SCHEDULE 2 PRICE INFORMATION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 
 10.32 
 
 Solicitation, Offer and Award dated September 17, 2021 issued to Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. by Norfolk Naval Shipyard, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company Form 10- for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2021 filed on November 12, 2021. 
 
 10.33 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2021, by and between the Company and Wellington Shields Co., LLC., as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2021. 
 
 10.34 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2021, between the Company and each purchase named in the signature pages of the respective Subscription Agreements, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2021. 
 
 10.35 
 
 Joint Venture Term Sheet between Springfields Fuels Limited, an affiliate of Westinghouse, and the Company, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.42 to the Company s 2021 Form 10-K filed on April 6, 2022. CERTAIN INFORMATION WITHIN THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 
 10.36 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer, dated October 14, 2021, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on October 20, 2021. 
 
 10.37 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and Chief Financial Officer, dated October 14, 2021, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on October 20, 2021. 
 
 10.38 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and EVP of Strategic Initiatives, dated October 14, 2021, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on October 20, 2021. 
 
 10.39 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and EVP of Waste Treatment Operations, dated October 14, 2021, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on October 20, 2021. 
 
 10.40 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and EVP of Nuclear and Technical Services, dated October 14, 2021, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.5 to the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on October 20, 2021. 
 
 10.41 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer, dated January 19, 2023, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.6 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023. 
 
 10.42 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and Chief Financial Officer, dated January 19, 2023, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.7 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023. 

114 

10.43 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and EVP of Strategic Initiatives, dated January 19, 2023, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.8 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023. 
 
 10.44 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and EVP of Nuclear and Technical Services, dated January 19, 2023, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.9 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023. 
 
 10.45 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement between Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. and EVP of Waste Treatment Operations, dated January 19, 2023, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.10 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023. 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton, LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification by Mark Duff, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification by Ben Naccarato, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by Mark Duff, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer of the Company furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification by Ben Naccarato, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Pursuant
to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data File in Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purpose of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. 

115 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 ex4-3.htm

Exhibit
4.3 

SIXTH
AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

 REVOLVING
CREDIT, TERM LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

THIS
SIXTH AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT, TERM LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of March 21, 2023 (this Amendment ),
relating to the Credit Agreement referenced below, is by and among PERMA-FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
 Borrower ), the lenders identified on the signature pages hereto (the Lenders ), and PNC Bank,
National Association, a national banking association, as agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Agent ). Terms
used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

W
I T N E S S E T H 

WHEREAS,
a credit facility has been extended to the Borrower pursuant to the terms of that certain Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit,
Term Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 8, 2020 (as amended and modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement among the Borrower, the Lenders identified therein, and PNC Bank, National Association, as agent for the Lenders; 

WHEREAS,
the Borrower has requested certain modifications to the Credit Agreement; and 

WHEREAS,
the Required Lenders have agreed to the requested modifications on the terms and conditions set forth herein; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Amendments .
The Credit Agreement is amended as set forth below. 

(a) Section
1.2 is amended by amending the definition of Maximum Revolving Advance Amount in its entirety as follows: 

Maximum
Revolving Advance Amount shall mean 12,500,000. 

(b) Section
6.5(b) is amended to read as follows: 

(b) Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio . 

Cause
to be maintained a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.15 to 1.0 for the four quarter period ending as June 30, 2023 and for
each fiscal quarter thereafter. 

(c) Section
6.5(c) is amended to read as follows: 

(c) Minimum
Undrawn Availability . 

Maintain
Undrawn Availability of at least 3,000,000 at all times until receipt by Agent of Borrower s June 30, 2023 Compliance Certificate. 

(d) Exhibit
1.2(a) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with a new Exhibit 1.2(a) attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. 

2. Conditions
Precedent . This Amendment shall be effective as of the date hereof upon satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a) the
execution of this Amendment by the Borrower, the Required Lenders and the Agent; and 

(b) receipt
by the Agent of an amendment fee of 25,000. 

3. Representations
and Warranties . The Borrower hereby represents and warrants in connection herewith that as of the date hereof (after giving effect
hereto) (i) the representations and warranties set forth in Article V of the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects
(except those which expressly relate to an earlier date), and (ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under
the Credit Agreement. 

4. Acknowledgments,
Affirmations and Agreements . The Borrower (i) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment and
(ii) affirms all of its obligations under the Credit Agreement and the Other Documents. 

5. Credit
Agreement . Except as expressly modified hereby, all of the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement remain in full force and
effect. 

6. Expenses .
The Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment,
including the reasonable fees and expenses of the Agent s legal counsel. 

7. Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original.
It shall not be necessary in making proof of this Amendment to produce or account for more than one such counterpart. 

8. Governing
Law . This Amendment shall be deemed to be a contract under, and shall for all purposes be construed in accordance with, the laws
of the State of New York. 

2 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused a counterpart of this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the date
first above written. 

BORROWER : 
 PERMA-FIX
 ENVIRONMENTAL 

SERVICES, INC. 

By
 : 
 /s/
 Ben Naccarato 

Name
 : 
 Ben
 Naccarato 

Title
 : 
 CFO 

AGENT
 AND LENDER : 
 PNC
 BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

in
 its capacity as Agent and as Lender 

By
 : 
 /s/
 Scott Goldstein 

Name
 : 
 Scott
 Goldstein 

Title
 : 
 Senior
 Vice President 

Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated 

 Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement 

 Perma-Fix 

Exhibit
1.2(a) 

[Letterhead
of Company] 

COMPLIANCE
CERTIFICATE __________________, 20__ 

PNC
Bank, National Association, as Agent 

 One
Piedmont Town Center 

 4720
Piedmont Row Drive 

 Suite
300 

 Charlotte,
NC 28210 

 Attention:
Scott Goldstein 

The
undersigned, the [Chief Executive Officer][President][Chief Financial Officer][Controller] of Perma-Fix Environmental Services,
Inc. , a Delaware corporation, gives this certificate to PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent (in such capacity, the Agent ),
in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.7 and 9.8 (Annual and Quarterly Financial Statements) of that certain Second
Amended and Restated Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 8, 2020, among the Borrower, the financial institutions
which are parties thereto as Lenders, and the Agent (the Loan Agreement ). 

Capitalized
terms used in this Certificate, unless otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement. 

1. Based
upon my review of the financial statements of the Company for the [Fiscal Year/Quarter] ending __________________, 20__, copies of which
are attached hereto, I hereby certify that: 

(a) Section
 6.5(a), the Tangible Adjusted Net Worth is [satisfied / not satisfied] at __________ when
 compared to the required amount of at least 27,000,000. 

(b) Section
 6.5(b), the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is [satisfied / not satisfied] at _____ to 1.0 when
 compared to the required 1.15 to 1.0 for the four quarter period ending as of June
 30, 2023 and as of the end of each fiscal quarter thereafter. 

(c) Section
 6.5(c), Minimum Undrawn Availability is [satisfied/not satisfied] of ____________ when compared
 to the required 3,000,000. 

(d) Sections
 7.4, Investments are [satisfied/not satisfied] as there are xx,xxx (if none, so state) outstanding. 

(e) Sections
 7.5(a), Loans are [satisfied/not satisfied] as no advances, loans or extensions of credit
 have been made except for extensions of trade credit in connection with the sale of Inventory
 in the Ordinary Course of Business and Section 7.5(b), Loans to employees in the Ordinary
 Course of Business in the amount of xx,xxx (if none, so state) are [less/more] than the
 allowable amount of 1,000,000 in the aggregate. 

(f) Sections
 7.6, Capital Expenditures are [satisfied/not satisfied] as xx,xxx is [less/more] than the
 allowable amount of 6,000,000 for any fiscal year. 

(g) Sections
 7.7, Dividends and Distributions are [satisfied/not satisfied] as the payment of all dividends
 and distributions comply with the provisions of Section 7.7. 

(h) Sections
 7.8, Create additional Indebtedness is [satisfied/not satisfied] as such additional Indebtedness
 complies with the provisions of Section 7.8. 

(i) Sections
 7.11, Leases are [satisfied/not satisfied] as xx,xxx is [less/ more] when compared
 to the annual rental payments for all property of 1,000,000. 

2. No
Default exists on the date hereof, other than: _______________ [ if none, so state ] ; and 

3. No
 Event of Default exists on the date hereof, other than _____________ [if none, so state]. 

4. As
 of the date hereof, if applicable, Borrower is current in all material respects in payment
 of all accrued rent, warehouse fees, and other charges to Persons who own or lease any premises
 where any of the Collateral is located, and there are no pending disputes or claims regarding
 Borrowers failure to pay or delay in payment of any such rent or other charges. 

5. Additionally,
 as of the date hereof, as required by Section 9.3, to the best of my knowledge, Borrower
 is in compliance in all material respects with all federal, state and local laws relating
 to environmental protection and control and occupational safety and health, or if such is
 not the case, specifying in all areas of material non-compliance of which such officer has
 actual knowledge and the proposed action Borrower will implement in order to achieve compliance
 in all material respects unless full compliance is otherwise required. 

6. The
 financial statements attached hereto are complete and accurate in all respects and were prepared
 in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, except for the absence of footnotes and subject
 to year end audit adjustments, and except as may be disclosed in such financial statements. 

PERMA-FIX
 ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. 

_________________
 as [Chief Executive Officer] [President] [Chief Financial Officer] [Controller] 

Dated
______________ 

2 

Spreadsheet 

Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated 

 Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement 

 Perma-Fix 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES OF PERMA-FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. 

 (THE
 COMPANY 

Treatment 

Perma-Fix
of Florida, Inc. PFF ), a Florida Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Diversified
Scientific Services, Inc., DSSI a Tennessee Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

East
Tennessee Materials and Energy Corporation, M EC a Tennessee Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Perma-Fix
of Northwest Richland, Inc. PFNWR ), a Washington Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Perma-Fix
Northwest, Inc. PFNW ), a Washington Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Services 

Safety
and Ecology Corporation SEC ), a Nevada corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

SEC
Radcon Alliance, LLC SECRA ), a Tennessee corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Perma-Fix
Environmental Services UK Limited, a United Kingdom corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Safety
and Ecology Holdings Corporation SEHC ), a Nevada corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

SEC
Federal Services Corporation, a Nevada corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Perma-Fix
of Canada, a Canadian corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Medical 

Perma-Fix
Medical LLC, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Discontinued
Operations 

Perma-Fix
of South Georgia, Inc. PFSG ), a Georgia Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Perma-Fix
of Michigan, Inc. PFMI ), a Michigan Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Perma-Fix
of Memphis, Inc. PFM ), a Tennessee Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Perma-Fix
of Dayton, Inc. PFD ), an Ohio Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Perma-Fix
Treatment Services, Inc. PFTS ), an Oklahoma Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Perma-Fix
of Orlando, Inc. PFO ), a Florida Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Perma-Fix
of Maryland, Inc. PFMD ), a Maryland Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Perma-Fix
of Pittsburgh, Inc. PFP), a Maryland Corporation, is a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
have issued our report dated March 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Perma-Fix
Environmental Services, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said
reports in the Registration Statements of Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-254907, File No. 333-223917,
File No. 333-203137, File No. 333-153086, and File No. 333-110995). 

/s/
 GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Atlanta,
 Georgia 

March
 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Mark Duff, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 

/s/
 Mark Duff 

Mark
 Duff 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Ben Naccarato, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 

/s/
 Ben Naccarato 

Ben
 Naccarato 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. PESI on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), I, Mark Duff, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)
The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m
or 78o(d)); and 

(2)
The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
March 23, 2023 

/s/
 Mark Duff 

Mark
 Duff 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President and 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

This
certification is furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission solely for purpose of 18 U.S.C. 1350 subject to the knowledge
standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. PESI on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), I, Ben Naccarato, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m
or 78o(d)); and 

(2)
The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
March 23, 2023 

/s/
Ben Naccarato 

Ben
 Naccarato 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

This
certification is furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission solely for purpose of 18 U.S.C. 1350 subject to the knowledge
standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 pesi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 pesi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 pesi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 pesi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

